The way that my uncle washes lettuce
I present this beautiful instrument, the Hang.
This Oreo cookie was put on the wrong way, imprinting the design onto the cream
This Oreo cookie was put on the wrong way, imprinting the design onto the cream
This Oreo cookie was put on the wrong way, imprinting the design onto the cream
This peeled battery
The stove in this cooking video perfectly synced with my phone's clock
Found this lil guy on my scarf today
The pine and the oak were planted on the same day 8 years ago, when I moved here. Look how they grew up!
Lost my iPhone a few years back... Saw these photos a few years after (this isn't my family as my family is Filipinos)
The way these scraps from sharpening my colored pencils ended up like
UAE made a coin for the year of Zayed in 2018 (Pretty rare coin)
this truck that my dad painted
My hair grew with a knot in it. I've never seen it before and wondered if any of you have.
I opened Yoghurt and there were two "lids"
A rock with a face that my mum found on a beach
This all-in-one field
This was a bubble tape gum. Chewed it for 3 hours and it turned completely white.
I got 2 extra long cereals in my bowl this morning
This parking lot for horses at a lake I visited.
Kinetic art installation mirrors people as they pass by
This horse parking lot at a lake I visited.
The way my waterbottle created a perfect rainbow
The size of this worm I found while gardening
These 2 bread pieces look like a brain
This black leaf on my new plant
Seeing two of the same pics in separate communities.
These yellow watermelon.
These are sawflies on my callistemon, leaving it looking skeletal
MS Word lets you translate documents from and into Klingon
All of this paper is backed by this single coin.
The store i work at sells bottles of hand sanitizer for 99 NOK (roughly $9.5 or €8.7), but if you buy more than one, the price is cranked to a silly 999 NOK ( $95 or €87.9)
Recycle bins marked their spots during the rain
A strawberry and a tangerine.
Wet spot under the trash creates a floating trash
Shelter in place and painting some rocks.
When people are gone, gulls will come...
Not too shabby for a 23 year old jeep
From behind, Donkey Kong looks like a rotisserie chicken
Action figures glued together into a trophy.
Have had this for years it's also moved with me over seas a few times.
Donkey Kong looks like a rotisserie chicken from behind
The roads in Germany vs. Rest of Europe (Sorry for the bad cropping)
My friend pelled a duracell battery and found a Japanese font under the original
There a color in these led lights that change anything yellow in to Orange like color it only that one I have a video but I can’t use it so this is the best I could do
A drinking cup I have tells you about standard alcohol drinks and alcohol intake
I found a sombrero shaped Dorito today.
This tree in my hometown. It's known as The Donkey Tree. The folklore is that the tree is cursed, some people swear by it saying that shortly after they touched it or climbed on it something bad happened. It's huge and I've always been a wimp so I never got close to it.
The burn on my finger looks like Hyundai logo
My eraser has two layers of different material
This potato chip is shaped like a fortune cookie
I have exactly 1 day of playtime on my current fallout 4 play through
The miles on my car today
One of the new 2020 quarters. Just got 2 rolls of these. Couldn’t be more fitting.
Checked the rodent glue-trap I had kept in my terrace garden after 3 months. These dudes must have come for the bugs
The plastic wrap is practically invisible
This pattern of sunlight shining through textured glass on a bathroom window blind.
Hauling a washer/dryer combo looks like a robot taking a nap in this truck
These are upside-down flower towers.
The inside of this eggplant looks like a butterfly.
Soviet Russia propaganda letters bombed on Afghanistan in 1979, possibly last surviving letter.
My very dirty shoe has a smudge that looks like a rat (or a mouse)
This is a very close up picture of the surface of a mushroom
I play a game with my girlfriend over FaceTime where I make her lean back just enough so that it looks like the pillow has a nose. We call it “Nose Pillow”.
My dad accidentally sawed a screw perfectly in half.
The way these cords are organized resembles someone wearing a catcher’s mask.
New credit card after pandemic
If you get the digital copy of A Manual of Home-making (1919), page 32 is really difficult to read
I painted rocks instead of eggs for Easter
This ash resembles some sort of creature
Foot rest appears to be floating.
Foot rest appears to be floating.
Foot rest appears to be floating.
This icicle almost touches the ground
The snow melted in a perfect line across my deck
Just a little help
This conditioner that you are supposed to shake before using (which I didn’t notice until my bottle was over half empty)
My box of Cheezits contained an uncut hexacracker.
I woke up this morning with my ear imprinted on my arm
Hmmmmmm interesting
This lamp heater looks like a Reese's cup
Sunset reflection on the windows look like fire
My apple seeds were sprouting inside my apple
Since you follow Tony Hawk, you might like NASA (AI fail, Instagram)
A nearly identical hat 2 year comparison
My family and I have been using little paper umbrellas to spruce things up during quarantine
The way my wall looks like a moon in outer space
Went to check on my bread dough in the fridge to find this little heart had risen
Last bit of snow in the shadow of a fence I walked by today.
This all mirror bathroom
Have the complete set of Mcdonalds Batman Forever cups from 95 and still using them to this day
Father and son on a tandem bike
This smooth cookie portion of a Mallomar (left)
My new dress has some little sneak clips between the buttons to hold it closed where boobs normally make buttons sit open. Also, it has pockets
I randomly opened my bottle of melatonin and found this
My fortune cookie came with two in the package
My FIL built an apocalyptic toilet paper holder after my MIL ordered a giant roll of it on Amazon.
The tap water shot back up at me
Not sure if the right sub, but it’s interesting. Post Malone’s face tats predicted Covid19.
This seagull trying to steal my phone.
This snowmobiler triggered a avalanche in the Utah back country while high-pointing. He was mostly buried, but his avalanche airbags saved his life.
The US River Networks
Kinky nose hair
The last of my Advil formed a ring at the bottom
The google logo throwing in a covid reference.
Decaying baseballs
What can be made from a single clementine peel - Chinese characters for “yin-yang” and DAN
I found a $10 coin on the ground! Isn't accepted at my local stores.
A beekeeper forgot to fit the frame for the honeycomb when reassembling the hive, so the bees built to maximize the airflow
Bette Davis by Panhandle Slim
My brothers car was contacted by aliens today.
A cozy so you can hold hot bowls.
I dug this up earlier today, does anybody know what it is? Sorry for the bad photo quality
Cheese Nips Call Out Cheez-It For Not Having Real -Cheddar- Cheese, Trying To Imply That Cheez-It Does Not Have Real Cheese And When Cheez-It Makes No Claims To Be Cheddar Flavored
Woodrow Wilson’s daughter looked so much like him that it just looks like Woodrow Wilson with a wig on.
I achieved the nice numbers on my motorcycle yesterday. I pulled over mid ride to get this pic.
My unsettling carrot harvest
The way this icicle formed around the body of truck
The difference in sodium percentage between these two bottles of soy sauce
The view from my dorm window looks like a painting
Fun rasict fireworks
There is a tiny bug using bush clippings as a shell
I was buying peaches and the amount I put in the bag weighed exactly 1kg
Been casually scrolling Reddit for the past 20 minutes. The moment this notification popped up I was just coming over this photo!
Now THATS Hardwork
The length of this dog hair compared to what she usually sheds
My collection of these. It is completely useless. ( I have 4 rare btw )
This oddly oblong egg
This baking powder tin has a lip for leveling scoops
This very big blueberry. Apple for scale.
Early leaks and rumors.
This small sriracha packet is shaped like a bottle of sriracha
The way this tree grew
I work at a news station. The light bulbs in the dressing room all have baked on a makeup-colored dust.
The sagging tile in my workplace ceiling looks like a mouth.
This picture looks kinda like it was taken inside looking out [oc]
Led bulb that the glass broke off last year. Still working good every day.
Approximately 5 meters of snow collected on top of the hot tub. After turning it on and waiting a few hours, we now have a hot tub inside a ice cave
Found this in a bag of lollies
The size variation of these raindrops on my lambs ears
Reflecting on how much time it took me to wash, clay bar, and wax a suburban.
I was picking up garbage in the city and spotted a whale
The dead part of this leaf on my parents’ back patio looks like a face
My coworker's egg froze in the work refrigerator.
This tortilla looks like a monkey.
A mosquito imprint left on my palm
off baindaid
We found a perfectly preserved blockbuster card in our couch tonight
Did some screen-printing today to help re-enforce social distancing.
No idea what it is, but found this on a walk today
The reflection from the sun on my Sprite
This beer can label has a reusable sticker built-in
Mooncake tin Box
I found accidental similarity on a wall on this photo of mine from 2015
Cactus growth over a span of 5 years
This anti-COVID-19 awareness propaganda that some kids in my neighbourhood drew.
Well would you look at that...
Who's spirit is in my room? Face can be seen both directions
Siamese strawberry
The mirror shine I’m getting on this old chisel.
I was trying to break open a coconut, it looked like a cartoon wearing a helmet with spikes on top
This pattern in the wax after my new candle has been burning for 6 hours
My mom made this bread that is shaped like an eagle.
Little updoot-esque corn chip from earlier
This ‘fairy house’ my youngest made (complete with a hatstand near the front door).
Mickey Mouse in our city park?
Three stages of a flower on the same branch
Social distancing joggers create "desire path" away from walkers in a London park
Thanks for saving my time
I wonder how many people have walked up the steps to knock on the front door before realizing...
My hand has one line instead of two
The shot of this rainbow and the surrounding colors
My ice clumped together and separated itself from the water
My leopard gecko that just hatched has "HI" on their back.
This camel outside a local bar is ready for COVID
This tree out of focus looks like the “OK” hand symbol.
my moms Delta toothbrush set from the 60s
My mom got me an old-fashioned type writer from an antique shop for my birthday a few months ago. It’s my favorite device to write on.
My purple potato looks like it holds a galaxy inside.
What kind of pizza place, doesn’t know about symmetry?
The shadow this street sign casts
F Street near our house
Tic-tac-toe taken to another level
Wish changed their logo to show soapy hands to combat loss of sales
An image of a page from the family life merit badge workbook
A candle got knocked over and wax fell perfectly down this pen.
This moth has a face
Costco cashews come from many different countries. It's strange to think that nuts from around the world travel so far to end up in my mouth.
My friend found this awesome mud mural painted on a wall at a trail by his house
I captured my city's version of Manhattanhenge!
This cake my brother received for his 20th birthday during lockdown
Day ??? of quarantine, and I have drawn faces on all of my seed packets. Sorry for the bad pic.
the way my egg dye dissolved makes it look like a whales tail
This lower case p I drew is almost perfect
This bench made from a chopped tree.
Spilling red wine on white puzzle pieces turned them blue
I just found a book with every major headline from in the New York Times from 1900-1998. This will keep my occupied for a few hours...
These updoot-print Vans I found at a local thrift store a few weeks back.
First stab at beer bread! Hope is takes good.
Public library is a miniature version of the house
found this in my chex mix bag
The pattern that the sun puts on my curtain through the blinds.
The way the mud froze on this truck
Charts showing New York Times word usage frequency, 1970–2018
Made a Corona Mask out of a beard, hold by glasses
This spider has been inside my bank’s ATM for months and is presumed dead.
Sparkling water and beer cans in my fridge look very similar
1000 piece, double sided, tiny, black puzzle (quarter for scale). Keeping me busy during quarantine.
These completely useless measuring spoons.
A soda can before it’s filled with soda
This US Penny that was stuck in a gap in the washer for a couple weeks.
Pig tongue looks a bit like fingers
These eggs were actually inspected by the USDA.
The 2020 US quarters feature bats...
This strawberry has no seeds on half of it
A cool sunset from before quarantine
This strange creature I found in Hull, Massachusetts this morning
Someone made a mask for the sculpture
Hawk v. Snake! Red-Tailed Hawk wrapped up by snake on the ground
There’s no poison in my ice pack
I haven't prepared any cake day memes so here is a thermal image of my dog, enjoy.
When you see it
I have a little league field behind my house, and today while clearing out 15 years of brush growth the former owners let go, I found baseballs in every stage of decay.
The vines on this tree caught the falling branches.
Hot Pocket had two carriers
Ice crystals in an overturned ice cube tray that hasn’t been used in months
Just noticed my Xbox gamerscore
This perfect spiral in my coffee after y poured the milk
My amaryllis had a double flower.
This popped corn I had looks like a brain
This little droplet of water on my jacket
The state of my bedroom as my lazy mother refuses to clean it.
Canadian firetrucks have the flag on the grill
The inside of my debit card
Charcoal chimney looks like desert landscape/mountain range
The way my smoothie separated
You can buy a coconut that comes with a straw to drink it with.
Folded Pringle.
My neighbor is mildly obsessed with a certain type of shoe.
Found a Hot Pot (Chinese fondue) pot for Nazis
My pencil case that looks like a fish
A peeled whopper bun
My physical chemistry professor wanted to demonstrate how temperature is really just motion of particles. So he put water into this bottle, measured the initial temperature, then proceeded to shake it for 45 min during lecture to heat it up (by 2ºC). Thanks for working hard to enhance my education!
This piece of ice I took off while defrosting a fridge after a cup has been sitting on it for weeks.
Chairs drying uniformly after a storm.
These old bank notes I found in my loft today
This piece of lettuce looks like a swan
I made screenshotception
This old washed up sign looks like a city map
Two strangers coincidentally wearing the same outfit, also maintaining 6 feet social distance.
The middle of this 4x4 looks kinda like a cat
My wife keeps various stuffed animals in her car. This penguin is bleached from the sun, and also squished into a rectangle shape.
Peeled the skin of an apple seed while it was trying to grow
This leaf my daughter found
Check out the tiny sliver of red on this yellow tulip.
This plug with no holes in the pins.
These apple seeds where growing inside of the apple I ate
My lamp looks like a well-endowed Easter Island statue wearing a huge hat
The way this fire looks like a big explosion
Mega Starburst I have
This Amazon box with 3D flower cutouts on the inside flaps.
Found the left coin while snorkeling in greece (in a bay that was not far from the below picture) in 2017. Left pic shows how the coin originally looked (even minted in the same year)
My gas was 0.99 cents a gallon, so these numbers matched.
I made Chicken Parmesan and the Cheese formed a happy face
These two houses share a garage.
This blood splatter on my hand looks like a gun
This tree near my house looks like it’s budding little Corona viruses.
Chopstick store in Tokyo looks like something out of the Harry Potter universe.
A dead dragon fly I found under the hood of my car
some deformed cherry sours
Found this guy in my bag of pretzels.
This burnt piece of shredded cheese when making quesadillas
The way this Mc Drive handles it's payments during Corona crisis
Took 8 years (3 weeks of quarantine helped) to fill a 64oz growler with beer can tabs.
I keep all the cards i receive. Birthday since 10yrs, Christmas, misc/thank you, wedding
Chess set and board I made.
This string on my bathmat looks like it says "mood"
The way vegetation is growing around the base of this ant hill.
My old ID number had 420 and 69 in it. Good old days.
My beef bacon is also turkey bacon
This sunbleached Cola can
My dog has a tan line from where his hoodie ends.
Pictures from 1938 &amp; 39 of my mom as a baby. Sent recently by a stranger after turning up in an old desk she sold. She passed away over 1 yr ago.
Found some Jawbone on a Nature Walk behind my house
The ground eroding under this old stump
My moms keeping count of American deaths
This lemon with a rind that’s like a shell
My husband and mother-in-law and our pup imitating The Beverly Hillbillies
This trail sign has a picture of Sasquatch
A bell pepper inside another
My bread is bunny shaped.
This is my friend Karen. She calls Karens Lindas
Random porta-potty lost in the middle of the forest
My guitar pick fits perfectly inside my mousepad's logo
My Cup of Ramen uses the barcode as noodles.
My tree’s sap looks a bit like an ibis.
This drawing from norwegian newspaper VG
Back in 2011 I bought this 3D camera Wich was pretty cool for it's time.
This smiling mold
Sad banana waiting for these tough times to pass
They're feeding their own kids into the machine
This Shadow i walked past today looked like a character from Cars
Was blowing bubbles and this one decided to just chill out for a bit
This icicle my brother found.
This pretzel has no salt.
Whats your thoughts on a vape company hoarding medical supplies for resale?
My little cousins gaming chair is an old car seat
Painting of a fake album cover I made years ago.
This knot in the wood paneling on my wall looks like Darth Vader’s helmet.
Fish hungry for roommate
An offering to Archangel Michael of Mantamados, in Lesvos, Greece. The Archangel's iron shoes.
Old-school handheld games I found from a long time ago.
These pallet wood chairs
The different thicknesses of bread slices that were next to eachother.
The way these Pringles fell down the can
Side wind and snow.
My gfs TV has a 1/2 mute function
The tea from the restaurant we picked up food from came in a bag
Our toilet roll came with a miniature toilet roll, that you can remove, in place of the cardboard tube.
On all day on SYFY Channel! My Hubby can't be the only one that loves this cheesefest!
This pedestrian crossing has no gap's is it.
The misprint on this book at target
Someone has been drawing these on my neighborhood's greenways
The fact that one of my pinkies has 4 divisions instead of 3
Airplane trails
Address numbers on music shop are in shape of music notes. Chicago, IL.
Lobster shaped ginger
This vintage Whiffle football
Shipper made a joke when shipping my timer.
This giant slab of ice I removed from my freezer.
Not one person walking the streets of Hollywood
My church is doing drive in services for the foreseeable future
Saw some concrete today taking the appropriate measures.
Found this siamese daisy on the roadside by where I live
This miniature moss forest that grew in our barbecue
Replacing an old fence and the concret footing took on the characteristics of the post that was once there.
I managed to stop my stopwatch at exactly 3333 hours, 33 minutes, 33 Seconds and 33 miliseconds.
Apple blossom, just starting to bloom.
Video game nascar is the new reality
Found on my son's play toy
I painted a clay pot in Kindergarten for my mom and after 20 years of being moved through multiple homes and who knows what else, my dad accidentally broke it on Friday. I decided I’d go buy the supplies to “try” to recreate the same pot I painted for my mom 20 years ago and this is the result.
My neighbor has 4 seasons worth of decorations up. The flowers were from halloween, the lights are from christmas and the green you see in the snow are the needles of her Christmas tree that she just threw out last night. There are pink hears for valentine's day and a huge inflatable Easter bunny.
Out of the package double decker Oreo
Battery keeper - holds 9v, button cell, AA/AAA, C, and D batteries
My kiwi looks like it has an onion inside it
There was no snow last night.
Dominoes gave me an extra box which was inside out.
Everybody calls the nerf bigshock “the mega jolt” and it is literally a mega jolt
When I see a post after the post it was talking about
The jug I use to water my plants grew bright blue crystals in the bottom, from evaporated fertilizer
My Reddit feed answered it’s own question
A truck I spotted in the Walmart parking lot.
Every year, my next door neighbors house looks like a can of Arizona Green Tea
This Sinclair Dinosaur
Saw one post, immediately afterwards I saw the correction
My moms old sowing machine manual has faces for the machine in it
This fence must have been here a while
This baby carrot is longer than normal
This inflated glove looked like Sonic.
The artwork of a sand bubbler crab on a beach in Thailand
What 50x Zoom ACTUALLY Looks like. From my camera
Various units of measure for Social Distancing.
I have a single hair growing in the middle phalanx on both hands
One of our local distillers is making hand sanitizer due to shortages
A completely burned out car spotted on the street in Berlin
My girlfriend found a piece of mineral buildup that looks like Africa
Sales tax is 230%. Total doesn’t add up.
A burning candle's wax looks kinda like a bird's feather
The inner membrane/shell part of my egg didn’t crack this morning
Basil started growing in the soil we reused for our avovado tree
The only Hot Wheels I didn't take out of the package as a kid has two different sets of wheels
This ginger kinda looks like a kangaroo
What an apple looks like in the middle
This Misfortune Cookie
Deforestation is shaped like a tree
Found this gem in my embroidery catalog
Found a knot in a doorframe that looks like a face. Maybe I’ve been in the house too long but time to work out who it looks like, maybe clean shaven jesus?
Icepop came with two popsicle sticks
An etching depicting 19th century photography — in this case a forced mugshot
Ice formations in a mountain creek
A cat on a pole.
I unearthed an ancient upvote button in my garden
My neighbors built a wooden fence next to their chain fence to stop the kids from playing together
Bendy water spout in the South China Sea.
58 Fun size Starburst packages....all pink.
This dandilion my sister found
Someone in our city council is a Bob’s Burgers Fan. - Gaga ball
These dead pixels on my monitor resembling a tiny tank
Old Looking Snack Machine At A Shipping Facility In The Carolinas
One of many “mask-trees“ which have been cropping up around the Czech Republic, as a form of solidarity with those who cannot afford PPE. Volunteers are making cloth masks at home and hanging them on “mask-trees” for anyone in need.
Whopper candy eggs package had a tiny egg.
The way the frost on my neighbor's roof retreats from the morning sun.
My local doctor's office is taping envelopes shut instead of licking them shut during this pandemic.
My local microbrewery sells beer by the gallon.
You can see pretty far with my 42X zoom camera (42X optical and 84X digital zoom)
Truck driver shows what 28 years of sun damage does to one side of his face
Truck driver shows what 28 years of sun damage does to one side of his face
Truck driver shows what 28 years of sun damage does to one side of his face
Truck driver with 28 years of sun damage to the side of his face
Truck driver with 28 years of sun damage to the side of his face
My little sunflower still has the seed cover on
My little sunflower still has the seed cover on
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Truck driver with 28 years worth of sun damage to one side of the face
Truck driver with 28 years worth of sun damage to one side of the face
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
Paint splotches look like they’re hovering above the page.
My Grocery Bill Came Out to Exactly $100.00 Today
My Grocery Bill Came Out to Exactly $100.00 Today
My Grocery Bill Came Out to Exactly $100.00 Today
The water is same color as cup
These are what peeled blueberries look like
My lime had no sections
N Vermont N Vermont N Vernon wait what
The way these bombs formed in my minesweeper game
My keyboard has they keycap puller attached behind
Plant cell seen through microscope
I noticed this strange phenomenon out on the patio by my fake river. A funny thought that comes to mind is: would I have ever noticed this if it weren't for Covid-19 forcing me to work from home? Listen to my commentary if you’d like.
A school of fish following a duck
Trams in Zagreb, Croatia.
An error occurred at exactly the same time, on the same online game (GTA5), on 2 different consoles.
You can draw 29.249 smiley faces before a standard ballpoint pen runs out of ink
These hairs in my bathroom resemble an abstract penis sketch
This piece of hardware found in my yogurt
We're watching our friends' dog and he prefers right food over left food.
In Portland a local strip club has started delivering food to people's doors calling themselves, "Boober Eats" we ordered one for our friend's birthday and this is how they showed up.
Back to back post...
This water appears to be pink because a small layer of dirt-like material floats on it
My gf has freakishly thin wrists ( not anorexic tho)
This guy found a way to make following Coronavirus safety guidelines cool
I reached the end of reddit r/memes
I "borrowed" a kind strangers sign. Thanks , and be safe out there.
Paint colourant purge can. Trippy.
This huge succulent that my mom brought from my grandparents' house
I guess they ain’t gay
My cat is looking out the window
These platelet looking clouds I saw back in 2013.
This crinkly egg
This tree did knot want to grow normally..
[OC] Colours most popular with daughter, visualised by popularity and by palette
Cloud looks like Bat Signal shining on it. Only if Batman could save us all.....
I dropped a light bulb and broke only the filament.
They told me when FedEx and UPS drivers are together they combine to become FedUp
What are these? BTW, they're super close to area 51!
Just mowed my mum's lawn for the first time in a while, seems like a cat makes regular tracts through her garden so much so it's carved it's own path.
What he invented again?
The reflection of the Sun on my metallic pen
A bird just killed and ate a pigeon by our balcony.
Thank you r/conservative for proving my point that fact-based arguments and coherency bolsters your backwards ideology somehow
Isolated with a four year old. Have set this up 50 times already and counting....
Found this while rock hunting. It has to be around 1,000° to melt a marble.
These easter's bunnies
The face that appeared in my mayonnaise while eating...
This potato is a cucumber
Our German made oven wasn’t smart enough to count past a leap year. It’s been like this for over a month and I only just noticed.
My city using the universal measurement of salmon to remind people of how far they should stay away from one another
ABC and CBS used the same photo to describe the state of hospitals in NY and in Italy
They had enough working from home
This rock I saw in Canada that looks exactly like Thanos
My neighbour has enough
McDonalds in Australia is selling bags of burger buns during stage 3 lockdown.
Contractors found a note hidden in the wall while remodeling
My neapolitan sunburn
Found a mutant spaghetti
Distilleries in Italy started producing hand sanitizers. This is the bottle design of one of those.
An egg with three yolks
The roots of my backyard hedge snuck into my composting bin.
What it looks like after wearing a mask as a nurse. (Not me, this is my bestfriend)
My butter on my toast looks like a fish
This wire coming out of the tree trunk and this branch that grew around it
Found some love in a potato bag
Social distancing in the parking lot
The seeds inside my apple already started to sprout
What happened when I got bored in class a few months ago
When my brothers aveo hit 70000 miles
Connect the dots
The lights on our tree cast a shadow that looks supsiciously similar to a dove
The way a light sprinkle put stars on my jacket
This chocolate Easter bunny I bought at my local bakery (in Belgium)
My x27 zoom camera came in the mail, and i’ve been having a fun time with it.
So Close SO SO Close
Cross section of a submarine
This alien looking reflection in my glass
my little brothers renown in r6
This “U” contrail left by a plane above my house.
The straightness of this banana.
I have eye freckles
Spotted a row of toilet paper in a snackbar in Amsterdam
Creeper lamp
I cut open an avocado to find that the stone had already germinated inside the avocado. I planted it to see if it grows into a full plant.
My clear pencil made a rainbow by dispersion of light
Hollywood Blvd empty
Never knew instant coffee could go mouldy in the jar.
This chocolate easter bunny in Belgium
The reflection of the lettering on my mug
An Indian apocalyptic van by Holy Shift Garage.
Finished my model then hooked a motor to it so now I have this
This plant releasing O2 at a constant rate forming a line of similarly distanced bubbles.
A broken casino graphic
A broken casino graphic
One side of my oreo is backwards
The mound of sauces that TB gave me with a few items off the dollar menu
This tree is still pulling up water weeks after he has been chopped
One of the bananas in this bunch stayed green
My Toothpaste is black
The way these icicles turned upside down. (Part 2)
This really old wooden patio table has a pattern that looks nice on pictures and someone wanted to copy it
My tea has a face
The toner I use tells you when to order a new bottle
This tower of wooden blocks
Zoom virtual background of zoom virtual background of zoom virtual background of zoom virtual background
Lines painted in autumn
Lines painted in autumn
Thought this might look good in this subreddit. this is a light from a stadium that recently closed that was gifted to me during a visit from my grandparents.
Actual virus protection
Bring out your dead! I never thought a book written in 1665 about the great plague in Britain would be so relevant today. Bought it in 2018....time to give it a read
This berd head shaped half popped popcorn.
Ranchers in New Mexico now using horses to herd cattle
Stand inside these circles for social distancing, in front of a pharmacy.
This bus I saw
Puddling Lid looks like man.
A shifter tunnel from a car that hasn't driven in 20+ years
Shadow Selfie = Shelfie
Try to read this
I have a donkey sticker on my Bible.
My cat has 2 white asymmetric whiskers. One on the upper left side and one on lower right side.
Social distancing game on point
638 pound black bear
The near perfect imprint this bird made after slamming into my window.
Gotta protect that yard art
Layers of soap after I refilled the bottle
This double flavor gummy bear
Found a grape the looks like a pumpkin
My SO has played 420 hours of The Sims as of today, April 4th, 2020
This shop in Tokyo sells only chopsticks and has them on display like a shoe store.
Am I this new? (bottom right)
The amount of vendors that have access to your data if you agree to the terms and conditions. (Site: The Guardian)
Top notch karma game; I have peaked boys!
McDonald's Australia is now selling some essential items that you might not be able to buy from regular supermarkets
This fully ripe bunch of mini bananas from my farm
Very strange how the lamp seems to have a heart in the middle of it...
Earlier I saw blue and gray, hours later after drinking wine I see pink &amp; white, can anybody explain??
Had this gem sent to me - Far Cough...
Pollen season
My dad's dislocated finger after diving for a frisby and landing on his hand (he caught it)
This slightly egg shaped pearl I found in my oyster during dinner
The lizard on my calendar is missing an arm
I Can't Stop Jacking Off
literal same pieces of a puzzle
Burned Dorito
Noticed a flamingo on my walk to the park
literal same pieces of a puzzle
I have paint peeling off in my room and I got bored and took a pen to it.
This bee's eye looks interesting in my picture.
This cop wearing a COVID-19 helmet trying to spread awareness in an interesting way!!!
Came across a can of Gatorade while hiking in the woods. This place is so abandoned that even the litter is very old.
As kids we used to do this for fun. Now when we’re outta masks, beats nothing.
The ice forming on the ink is pretty neat
Look how low plane tickets have gotten!
Vitiligo on different people
Plane tickets are at an all time low!
Form years ago these random plans for a homemade gas mask (using an N95 mask)
This letterbox
Pattern of dust left by the coffee table's runner because I'm a lazy housekeeper
This long bread. Long for white bread, anyway.
It is done! I completed the Paint by Numbers kit that I was painting.
(possibly NSFW?) The first joint on my fingers bend backwards
Perfect rice mountain in this Tupperware
This black fire hydrant
My jar of kim chi has a gas absorber in the lid to stop it from exploding while the fermentation process continues.
My dad's new pressure washer looks like an inbred Mike Wazowski
That post about the window panel acting as a greenhouse for the grass beneath reminded me of this pic I took a few years back. Difference is, this glass door was in contact with the grass.
MGM grand using their empty rooms to make a heart
The new iOS update has some pretty cool new wallpapers!
I found a grape within my grape tonight
Flowers growing on the bark of this tree in Washington D.C.
i had to queue up to look at products online
My beer was just an old can relabeled
At the entrance of this cemetery, it says "Everyone will taste death" (Turkey)
tic tacs lined themselves up in the box
Lucky Devil strip club in Portland, OR is doing “Boober Eats”. Sent a Boober to our friend for his bday and got to witness it all during our Zoom “happy hour”.
I got 7 points 4 hours ago and 4 points 7 hours ago
2020 in a nutshell
This is quite mildly interesting
A public library with a verse from Quran (96:1-5) on the roof (Turkey)
The slight patterning of condensation from the texture of our shower walls
Skate and Steak Shops Share the Same Sign
My microwave has a mute button
One of these lids is not like the other
Went to get some carrots. Turns out I only needed one.
My wife is doing a sticker by number
Counted a jar of starburst my husband is using to quit cigarettes and confirmed our suspicions that Starburst skimps on the yellow!
Albino raccoon
Cell Phone Tower Disguised as a Tree
My ice molds are Trevor Noah's decor
Monster closed at 8000 ft shrunk when back down to 1000ft above sea level
I bought 2 bags labeled 'vegetable dumplings' but noticed the Korean text was different. One translates to 'fruit dumplings' (they both tasted the exact same).
Went to the allergist to figure out what im allergic to, definitely can’t eat dust and almonds
This tree pattern in my unstirred paint can
These posters from two different projects featuring Ed Harris..
My ice cubes
Me and my dad were watching a documentary about the Masters, when we saw his dad! 1982 Masters. He died later that year in October. Pretty cool.
It looks like there's a devil in the flames of my fire.
This miniature car and driver made of seashells
Every year 20+ inch icicles form on my canopy.
A 1943 US penny. Made from low-quality steel coated in zinc, since copper was needed for ammunition shell casings and other military uses. It's magnetic.
A honey bee lunching on a dandelion
Someone dumped some postcards with images of North Korean propaganda in front of my apartment.
Read the room US Mint-March 2020 Bat Quarter
My shoes have a piece of leather that wasn't fully punched out
This Grungy Quarter
This thrift store Photoshop handbook displaying existential themes
I was hiking in the woods and realized all the trees were planted in a line that converges to a single point. I believe this might have been a farm that was converted into a forest when the area was purchased and converted into a nature preserve. Many orange trees nearby.
My dog was walking while I took a panorama
Someone dumped some postcards with North Korean propaganda images in front of my apartment.
This ladybug looks like a raspberry
My mind has been elsewhere, and I accidentally left this Swiss chard plant on my aquaponics table after harvesting. I needed this little symbol of resilience today.
I acquired this bottle of Habu Sake from Japan 8 years ago. Idk who drinks this but it’s pretty damn cool to put on a shelf for a story
When you just really need to organize your markers while you do your Mandala 500pc Puzzle game. Bonus points if you can guess the show we're watching!
When you just really need to organize your markers while you do your Mandala 500pc Puzzle. Bonus points if you can guess the show we're watching!
Playing Yahtzee using FaceTime during COVID-19: How to in comments
this post might infuriate you guys
The puzzle aisle at my local target
The sun shining through the glass on my front door
Microscope pic i took looks like the moon
Lightning hit the tree on right, and blew the bark right off of it.
The laser on my mouse projects a happy baby groot
This lemon has an extra point
The aura on this broken glass
Found this little mud boy this morning.. he has claws
Pulled out some old boxes today. This was used to wrap a board game.
I found this little mud boy this morning.. he has claws
the money we put in this birthday card left an imprint
This place reminded me of Windows XP
the money we put in this birthday card left an imprint
This is my blind sister's tablet. The big buttons let her type, and the part at the bottom translates the letters on the screen into braille she can read (big buttons flip up to show the screen).
This brochure from the 1912 Olympic Games in Sweden
An almost square rock in the woods
Last of the typewriter and business machine stores
looking through old photos. The droplets of water pooling on this leaf caught my eye.
I found blueprints to a (closed) local super market hidden in a crack in my garage
Found old military hymn and prayer book, published August 1917
Found an abandoned shack miles into the woods
Sign in Australia uses kangaroos as a measurement
Thought I bought a honeydew, but it’s actually a honeyDUDE.
the shadows of the trees in this picture
My son's "sun breathing" toy puppy. He actually noticed it while I just walked by. Pretty good for a 5 year old.
This is the shadow the six lights in my bathroom make on the opposite wall.
Graduation at a university in Tokyo
2 different colored dogwood trees growing with each other
Accidentally spilled milk on my napkin and when I looked down I noticed it looked a lion.
Found a U.S. penny from 1914 (sorry for the bad editing, the bottom half is the tails side)
My coke was frozen right from the Store.
This old clump of drywall putty on the outside of my window that looks like a sitting seagull.
The carpet pattern at the Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix is airplanes
These are my midnight notifications. LMFAO but SMH
Some 1864 Confederate money I’ve been collecting :)
This kale leaf looks like a mammal embryo
This kale leaf looks like a mammal embryo
This tourist sign from different tree attached to this tree
This chip in concrete looks like a spade.
This is my blind sister's tablet. It has an attachment which displays the letters on the screen into braille she can read.
My pear has a heart on it.
Hard drive in 1956 vs SSD in 2020
This tiny green pepper
My sister found a chickpea with a face
I soaked some old pennies in vinegar to clean them and it ate right through them.
This place also reminds me of the Windows XP wallpaper
This honest cheese.
The sky this evening in Nebraska.
This spider who made a home on my car.
Random Flat Leafer on Curly Parsley Plant.
It only snowed my deck yesterday
found these bffs at the grocery store!
Found this stone off the shore of a beach in greece
This mushroom looks like an angry emoji.
The ice cubes in my drink look like lungs
This bug that died and how the wind pattern made a perfect circle.
Being able to see fish swimming in the waves.
An electric car charger in a mall.
My pupils are about 1/3 bigger than average (I'm completely sober in this pic).
My pupils are about 1/3 bigger than average (I'm completely sober in this pic).
'Have I Got News for You' One of the UK's longest running news/comedy panel show's hosts/guests are all at home under quarantine
My watch took a heart rate measurement of this energy drink.
Conjoined strawberry twins
The foam in my coffee made a map of Europe
The foam in my coffee made a map of Europe
Mask on toy mannequin at local Toy Store
My bag of gummies had an underdeveloped bear.
This cereal has separate nutrition facts for a toddler sized portion
Scientists found 2 flies mating that died 41 million years ago.
Now that's a creative form of advertising!
Years and years of mobiles
This baby branch looks like Polkaroo!
Opened my drumstick’s wrapper to find another fully wrapped drumstick in a cone.
Heater inside a new build house makes it look like a pathway to Hell.
Too Bad I Can't Buy a Lotterie Ticket
The frost this morning made the world out my window look black and white.
Too Bad I can't buy a lotterie ticket
I found one of those zombie spiders
I have the exact same antique plant spritzer as Raffi in Star Trek: Picard. Better pics linked below
Total American deaths are at record lows due to the “stay at home” orders.
A collectors map of quarters in my moms basement
Someone missed a step on the assembly line?
This old jar of caviar turned blue.
My brother and I each got 2 parallel colors as our uno hands
Reddit barrels in game
The way this rock cracked
Activate Windows glitched and showed twice today for a few seconds.
The way this martini glass broke
Made crepes with jam today and accidentally created an alien
This is what baby shortleaf pine (Pinus echinata) trees look like
Our neighbor's tree
This baby bunny my dad found.
This sign on a park bench that says 'in memory of bazinga‘
The crumbs I threw in the trash landed on a wet paper towel and made a face
Minor renovating uncovered a lost Christmas present belonging to the previous homeowners. Seems at least 50 years old. I’ve had this house for 25.
What happens when you don’t clean you gutters out for 12 years
I took a photo while my phone vibrated.
My fallout Quantum Cola, has an amazing glow
My friend bought a 2000 year old coin... it's called a Widows Mite
Vultures were dropping a bunch of fish here in the middle of the woods, allowing them to rot away so they could eat them.
My daughter’s sectoral Heterochromia
Liner note from Bill Cosby on a 1966 album by The Temptations- didn’t age well.
5-leaf clover my sister found
What a month and a half old tomato plant looks like
A fortune got cut off in the packaging of my fortune cookie and now reads “you are lucky”
Hull of battlecruiser "Tirpitz" used in road work project in my neighbourhood.
10 year old sucker sucked from 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯
The city in the background of the 24h lofi hip hop is Lyon (France), as the artist Juan Pablo Machao who drew it studied there
i remade the windows xp background in hl2
All of the snow and ice is gone except for this
Jimi Hendrix reincarnated into a headlight
My friend has dead pixels so his background is a galaxy to make it look like their blackholes
This witchy piece of ginger
Found this inside oak tree log I split
My great grandma's "hard times" recipe for coffee from the Great Depression. No coffee involved, just toast.
Found a carrot as long as my forearm
Who did it better (Singapore and Malaysian coins from 80s)
To all my hat wearing friends. This technique of wearing face masks is more comfortable than wearing them around your ears.
a huge trippy wall piece at the university of lincoln
The label on my energy drink wasn't printed correctly
A road line painter truck painted over a snake in my neighborhood
2 newspapers I found renovating an old house. Published 1965.
The reflection on the tailfin gives the impression that it's see through.
Heart-shaped veggie tempura
This horse that looks like a cow.
This dried up “Play-Doh” looks like the Corona virus.
This misprinted page from my daughter's coloring book
These eggshells cracked vertically instead of horizontally.
Didn't entirely close the paint can a few months ago and now I have an inch thick disc that I could play Frisbee with.
This squirrel is using a pot holder as a chair while eating
This old window panel has acted as a greenhouse for the grass to revive a lot faster
Children’s slide attached to a tree that grew weird over the years. *Reposted *
The shitty mods removed my post about my hand and made it NSFW. I hate Reddit.
Birthday Parade!
This Mango pulp can has calories in decimals
My lip balm is almost finished.
A snowman in the middle of a dry field in Colorado.
A distillery from where I'm from started selling hand sanitizer
This chip looks like Australia!
The way the variations in colour of this tree match my calico cat
Tree growing around this rope
My local airport is being used to park part of BA’s grounded fleet
This tag hangar, not quite a safety pin
[OC] Graphical representation of daughter's colour preferences
The code to redeem my Star Wars movie has ATST in it.
You can see how much milk is left inside
The sizing on this croc ad just happens to say 9/11...
Day ??? of quarantine and we figured out how to make our phones stand.
Albino Raccoon
This pack of poptarts that had been in my girlfriend’s purse for two years
A birds nest on top of a birds nest
It’s my grandparents 50th year wedding anniversary and because of the quarantine, we couldn’t celebrate it with them so my mom made a sign telling people to honk at their house
My dryer is in a cell outside our apartment
This camomile flower I brewed, captured with a macro lens.
the number of likes in this video is the same number of subscribers of this guy's channel
Little free library in my neighborhood got creative after closing down temporarily.
The google logo is in quarantine to tell people to stay at home
The 2020 US quarter is a Bat
Clearly some people consider this traffic circle optional
This pot I cooked pasta in yesterday.
A Jammy Dodger but the biscuit parts were put on the wrong way from the factory
My new pressure washer looks like Mike Wazowski
My late father’s frisbee, which he bought new in 1980.
Triple nice (I put it in another subreddit, but it wasn’t the best format)
People at a bank respecting social distancing
My friend’s rare 2 colored eye.
The setting sun has created a pillar of light in the evening sky.
Getting creative with epoxy resin during lockdown
This all white tree I saw on my walk this morning
One hook missed is missing the screw part
Getting to know the delivery guys
This pepper had another one on the inside!
This tree completely embraced a palm tree in my local botanical garden.
3 items in the puzzle don’t match the picture on the box
Bedroom tower crane
Pollen on this window looks like a forest.
Box of Oreos came double wrapped from the factory.
My father found a document for a boat he bought back in 1988. He said he bought it off some Russian he met when he was fishing. (We are American as an FYI)
this branch looks like two little hearts
My yum yum sauce made a perfect 3/4 pie chart on the lid
My sandwich trying to intimidate me
There is an uncolored Peanut M&amp;M in my Peanut M&amp;M jar.
My roommate and I have very specific taste in shoes
Nature's mesmerizing tv
My carrot had two cores
Grass growing through leaf
The way the ice froze on my truck
These massive strawberries in my pick up grocery order
Razor vs Electric Shaver's effect on Hair
Nunavut still has zero confirmed cases... they’re having none of it
This tree is eating a sign... Slowly.
This zombie has hair...
Just finished a Snapping turtle shell backpack, thought it belonged here
I voted for Joe Exotic for President in the 2016 election.
The Wal-Mart I shop at sells Coca-Cola that still has official codes in them for a rewards program that ended in 2018
This is what 7 years of resting my palm on my MacbookPro did to the aluminum
This is what the sun looks like today. Does anyone know what this phenomenon is called?
The wood grains on this wall has a good boy on it.
This carrotcake I baked that took the shape of a smiley
This VW “bug”
My beer was double canned
Conjoined gummy bear twins with normal one for scale.
A tree limb fell in my grandparents house and planted itself straight up.
An unused opening day ticket to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace that I found in my basement.
My wallet says Calipornia
Cleaning my attic during quarantine. Found all my past mobile phones starting with beeper
Japanese train driver’s schedule for arrival and departure time at each station, down to the second. She had doors open 10 seconds early at every stop.
This leafs damage looks like Tree Rings
posters i found yesterday (already got taken down)
The ingredients on this apple juice is translated in Hebrew.
[OC] This is $40,000 worth of medication in the US
This reflection of my iPhone on my jeans.
I found a Odd-looking candy!
A Pileated Woodpecker visited my suet cages!
Puffed sorghum is like tiny popcorn
My neighborhood park made a throne out of a tree trunk.
My grapes are fused together and look inappropriate x2
The light makes the milk look partially filled
This sign was posted above the toilet at a restaurant I went to. Guess this had happened enough times to warrant this kind of sticker.
This big strawberry I've found.
This rogue mayo that fell from my sandwich looks like a mouse.
this journal that has the inside printed upside down
Triple Blueberry
This interesting shape in my bucket that water and soap made
My garlic clove came out the bulb like this. None of the others did. Reason?
That place reminded me of windows xp
The way my lamp landed after my cat nearly knocked it off my desk in the dead of night
Wash your own shopping cart
This pregnaut bell pepper
I accidentally swiped my finger on a dusty railing and made the perfect Nike logo
I've been saving dead lighters for about 4 or 5 years. For no reason at all.
The Beatles as Batman
Mayapple grew through a dead leaf
My collection of tools made buy some of the first humans in Denmark.
Amish Boat Buggy
This golf course put pool noodles in holes to prevent spread of COVID-19
Preserved a(n?) opossum skull
Two-story tall icicles hanging off condo in Kirkwood, CA
Got my Micro Machines out for the kids to play with and I think I found the inspiration for the Tesla Cybertruck
A town that is in lockdown in my country looks like something that's from a Zombie Apocalypse movie
I umm..don't know what to call this window repair
The markings on the wood floor in my bedroom look exactly like a fox's eyes and ears
There's a pine tree growing out of my maple tree
Two of my daughters puzzles use the same cut so the parts are interchangeable
Blooming rosemary
How the ice melted where I put cup of my hot tea
Iceland pyramid mountain
We have a pandemic switch at work
Reese’s Wrapper Wizard vs the Champagne Spider
We have a pandemic switch at work
This Nessie-themed car with scales
The Nessie-themed car with scales.
An extremely rusted gun from my back yard alongside 4 bones found so far, any ideas? Will try to update on cleaning
An extremely rusted gun from my back yard alongside 4 bones found so far, any ideas? Will try to update on cleaning
The way the sunlight narrows my cats pupils
Songs to wash your hands to amid the Corona virus out break, besides happy birthday, at the local tractor store.
This pentagon shaped eggshell frangment I found in my egg
The tollway to Bang Chak, a major highway. Bangkok, Thailand.
I went to the beach and the tide was so low you could walk 30 meters out and i found these in the sand
My laptop keyboard has an optical illusion
Found this on the ground of a shopping center to ensure to keep distance. Tape which says: SPREAD THE FUN. I´m a little bit confused...
This tree grew back into itself.
One pice taken out
Found these shoes in the woods and I am going to take them to a charity shop
This face in my dish drying mat after putting dishes away
The was the sunlight makes my cats pupils almost disappearing
The way my egg cracked this morning
This is $40,000 worth of medication in the US
My local store has these to reduce crowds
Full page of Ads for Military Academies in 1949 NatGeo
M50 motorway in Dublin during rush hour
The way my cats eyes dilate when pouncing on a laser.
The snowmelt pattern around my grill on a MILD day.
Luxembourg has more COVID-19 cases per million than the number of total confirmed cases.
On a side door at a house where I made a delivery
Luxebourg has more COVID-19 cases per million than the number of total confirmed cases.
Another example of local distilleries switching up production to hand sanitizer - Wilmington, NC
The door on this building
This egg cartons barcode is a barn. Or should I say a barncode
This horse that looks like a cow.
Super rare $1 billl I found
Instead of an email about their new ad or free shipping, I got an email from hobby lobby about diy facemasks
My Roblox account was featured in a magazine when I was 10 years old
My dog has a spot that is a single white hair
The egg I got today has lines and wrinkles in it.
One without flavour
my puppy clawed a banana
Found this shoe in the woods
Watching Earthcam and saw that the tables in a closed off section of Times Square has been set up as the “I &lt;3 NY” logo.
Watching Earthcam - the empty tables on Times Square in NYC has been set up as the “I ❤️ NY” logo.
My Robin’s Egg pack has an extremely tiny egg in it.
Is it not a bit strange how the title has in it considering how it's slowly becoming a relevant term nowaday?
One of a kind cord holder
One of my dice came unpainted.
Did DIY-masks with a different approach in the construction, with inline-wiring!
Old ketchup that turned black
Took out my stitches today because it's less risky than going in. Make sure you take all hygienic precautions necessary if DIY'ing.
Both subs posting a reverse video of the other in my feed
Trump wants me to wear a mask, so I used this.
A half dead petal
Looks like my dog is on fire
Looks like my doggo is on fire
What happen this time?
Carts lined up in the morning outside a grocery store to enforce social distancing.
This raison i pulled out at random out of a box of crunchy hazelnut muesli.
Why is this so hard?
The city of Toronto communicated their social distancing orders in terms of hockey sticks
Finished a puzzle with similar pictures, 5 extra pieces that don’t fit, and no borders
My friend perfectly painted my calculator to a picture of a rubber duck on a payphone
‘It’s the Season! Why not!
When Green Tree Pythons hatch, they're either born yellow or some shade of red. Most will transform into green into the next year or two, sometimes longer. These youngsters here are all about the same age, showing every snake changes at different times.
Amid our Coronavirus lockdown, a channel solely dedicated to Tom Cruise popped up in South-Africa. No other channels with other celebs. Just one, with Tom Cruise...
Even tho switzerland has many Covid-Cases, its toilet paper market isn‘t impacted at all
Fleas in Dresses (1919)
Even tho switzerland has many cases, the toilet paper market isn‘t impacted at all.
Fleas In Dresses
Ocean inspired dice I made
I made Americano art... Completely by accident!
Warning issued as researchers reveal another potential treatment for coronavirus
There I was sawing away and then...swoosh!
I tryed to make some rainbow inside, mild result tho
My pita-bread became China while having lunch.
Mango seed looks very... feminine
I got all I needed from Costco!
This coffee stain looks like a dolphin
A Monitor Lizard out for a swim
The faded paint looks like a faceless woman I outlined it so you guys can see.
What I think is the worlds smallest Rubik's Cube
A spam/phishing email had some hidden text
A crane building a crane
This leaf I found.
Take a load off. Service with a smile.
These grape flavored raisins
They only cleaned (power washed?) half of the memorial and one headstone.
My piece of folk art looks like Steve Harvey
Unknown habit of my girlfriend when she takes her shoes off
A spoon for eating grapefruits
Gradient Overlay
Old $5 1899 bill
3D Printed Iron Man Cosplay Armour on a stand
On the new iPhone boxes the camera section in the box is also raised
This weirdly shaped skittle
Children’s slide made out of a tree that grew weird over the years. Also possibly r/redneckengineering
There was a dinosaur on my shower screen this morning
A dragon eating a knight, carved from a fallen tree. North Yorkshire
The patterns on this piece of wood at my workshop.
A card that arrived with my parcel from China
Shadow of the keybord keys looks like charger
The C Virus is God's punishment for anti-vaxxers.
A carved wooden heart in a tree
My cat has one stripy whisker above his eye
This Reddit easter egg
A message was printed under this beer I just bought
Solar powered bus times, never seen one before, thought you guys might like it.
Lady Bugs on a rotting stump, Pt Reyes, CA USA
The way these icicles went sideways as the snow moved.
Pericles, died of the plague during the peloponnesian. His statue being disinfected in 2020.
One eye, double canines.
I accidently made a heart shape when I made my morning cappuccino
Natural hair colour returning to beard after a few started as white
This cat made of bubbles in the juice
This tower of wooden blocks
This tower of wooden blocks
Was vacuuming and found Thomas Jefferson
Whats inside an apple seed
A pan in normal and UV-light.
The way the ice froze around my McFlurry cup
My iPhone cable looks murderously chirpy
Minimal Lamp Vibrancy-Free shipping worldwide!!
This perfectly looking swirl at the bottom of my hard boiled egg
Hollinshead well house tockholes Lancashire you can google the rest
Yup I did it
Strange and not so strange fruit (Volume 2)
It was just 4:20 on 4/20 on the month of 4/20
Domino's Weed delivery service in Israel
My living room at night looks like the precursor to a lightsaber duel
People keeping the social distance while waiting in line
I struck a match a bit too hard
My toilet paper looks like COVID-19
The very specific instructions on this TP
One of the largest mobile telephone providers in Switzerland (Sunrise) has changed its logo temporarily. #StayHome
I spent 33h watching youtube at friday...
Index of preparedness of countries to fight COVID19
Index of preparedness of countries to fight COVID19
My city (Bristol, UK) is running a campaign to stop people littering. Saw this on the side of a bin
Egg without calcium in a shell. (It bounces)
This #2 slice of pizza
This #2 slice of pizza
Korea has separate voting area outdoors for those who have fever.
Hotel in my area used its vacant rooms to create a heart!
Puddle makes the wheelie bin look like it’s hovering...
The aura on this broken glass
Made two cups of tea, one with filtered water and one with tap water, here's the difference in cups cleanliness after
my phone's theme has a different picture for twitter
GPS Tracker issued by Hong Kong Department of Health to Inbound Home Quarantine Residents from Overseas
This potato looks like a butt from this angle
My friend is about to kill himself don't let him
A storm just passed through, blessed with a double rainbow.
This tiny glass of Nutella I found yesterday
One of the carrots in my bag of baby carrots was flat
The size difference in size in my marshmallows from the same bag
A cicada changed its skin
I was searching through the medicine drawer for cortisone cream since I couldn’t find mine. Found this one. Expired before I was even conceived. I had to convince my mom to throw it out and that it was bad. Expired July, 1998
I found a very thick dorito in my dorito pack
This rainbow lake
My T-shirt’s tag has a bio of the guy who stitched the shirt
Found my old working LEGO safe
Icicles facing almost upwards
This is what all the water starters look like merged together
My boyfriend’s knee makes it look like a tiny old man is sitting on my bed
This is what all the water starters look like merged together
Essential Easter Eggs
Join the Maphia!
Essential Easter Eggs
I drank a Snapple that was apple-flavored and came with facts about apples.
When ants think it’s going to rain. Rather than be wiped out, they work together and protect the whole Ant Colony.
A Bonsai Potato
Haven't heard this song in forever when all of a sudden...
Is this true??!
The fortune cookie I got tonight...
Anyone care to explain what pink has to do with this?
The ice only melted where the sun shines, and remained where there’s dark.
Tin of varnish leaked in the bottom of a toolbox and made a piece of art.
This lemon found a comfortable place to grow
Even my ice cubes are trying to leave quarantine.
Quarantine continues, marriage ends
This Kangaroo Scrotum Corkscrew Souvenir.
This empty shell I found in my bag of pistachios.
This roll looks like a skull.
I bought some ice cream from a vending machine and got back dollar coins as change.
I just celebrated my birthday online while quarantined!
Prob one of the best pics I’ve ever taken of a fire. A fireman made this poorly executed bonfire
North American Cryptids
Big boy zucchini
The angry screaming face leaving the essence
The shadow from the hinge on my closet door
This flame guy shooting the other flame guy
This 3-D Baseball Jigsaw Puzzle
The pattern on the side of my water bottle looks like an orca
Noah Wiseman who played Samuel from the Babadook on the back of this Lego panflet
Coronavirus Piñata in the streets of Mexico.
Spot the Difference
Something I found while doing dishes
Chewing gum shaped like tennis balls
The soles to my boots that I wore in every single pair of boots I owned during my 4 year enlistment in the Marine Corps.
Interesting how the branches grow on this almost dead tree. The color difference too.
This Toronto condo hosting nightly Mario Kart tournaments on the blank wall of a neighbouring building.
Recent addition to the liquor store walls.
The Blue Angels almost looks like hummingbirds checking out the tree
My thumb looks like a finger and it’s freaking me out.
A Spider did a lot of web development on my vehicle front suspension
Starting to see a similarity to another design...
My fiancé got an oil burn that looks like a pair of AirPods .
The cover of the Disney afternoon collection has Baloo in glasses for some reason
I created my own version of Anduin river from The Lord of the Rings movie!
This is what an owl’s skeleton looks like.
my (dying) plant finding its way through my blinds to find sunlight
This Dorito is shaped like a paper airplane
This Joe-Joe’s Slim cookie from Trader Joe’s was sandwiched with the wrong side out.
Rank of Poker Hands on a Card
Zoom in. A kelp sculpture made of recycled inner tubes. Tina Bain doing her part to make worth from waste
Saw the new leaked iPhone. Here is a hint on what is coming...
This tag on an Italian mini-bike my brother-in-law is working on.
I was born with a really strange hand! Open to absolutely any questions you may have, blast away!
The glue leftover on this piece of marbel
I have miniature arcade machines
Flower pot monster I made
My oatmeal packages have measuring cups in them.
Baking some boob fish.
This sponge bob golf ball I found in my basement
My Service Provider Left a Message in the Top Left of my iPad.
These identical lap times I pulled on Project Cars 2 in a Formula Car
A pinch pot I made in 3rd grade surprisingly sturdy
My neighbor's dumb dog got onto his roof
Social distancing measures at the banh mi shop
My workmate from produce found this today. I named it Mr. Tomachode.
The reflection of my island countertop looking like it’s invisible.
I took a lot of screenshots
Found these antiseptic alcohol prep pads while deep cleaning from all the extra time at home. They expire this month.
This shell looks like mount chimborazo
This nintendo ds lite case and the nintendo ds lite
My Discover card has a label strip that can only be seen under black light
The way the wood of this building has weathered
Me wearing a fucked up mask I made in 3rd grade
Jars from hello fresh. So cute.
They took slippers literally
The time on the clock is in the middle of changing (and an added bonus, $14.50 + $1.20 = $18.70)
Perfect Coffee Bubbles
The time on the clock is in the middle of changing ( and as an added bonus, $14.50 + $1.20 = $18.70)
5 yolks for the price of 3
Fucked up mask I made in 3rd grade
The time on the phone is in the middle of changing (and as an added bonus, $14.50 + $1.20 = $18.70)
This ash tray I bought in Morocco.
Pictures of me and my sisters as babies in bath tubs
The time on the phone is in the middle of changing (and an added bonus if you can spot it)
A picture of me and my sister that I never remember being in
The way the 3 fresh eggs i boiled sank to the bottom, while the 9 that were older (by ~2 months) floated.
Queuing in Aotearoa New Zealand during a lockdown (photo taken off Twitter )
I created my own version of Anduin river from The Lord of the Rings movie!
USA but made out of license plates
This mushroom shaped handle on a marinated mushroom delivery box
My pup got up from laying under the blanket and the blanket was left like this.
Another can i stomped on, but with my full power
This sauce stain on my table looks like a very depressed duck
this guy that resembles Topher Grace
Having a "camp fire"in the back yard and this looks like a dragon. A fire dragon.
Here’s a cool building with a cool article: https://styleblueprint.com/nashville/everyday/observation-tower/
I stomped on a can
The difference between freshly popped popcorn and popcorn kernels that have been cooked twice to get them to pop.
The amount of floss within a single palm-sized floss container
I stomped on a can
Spanish-Mediterranean Style and Mission Style Inspired Chimney in my Local Neighborhood
Pandemic? Barber shop closed? NOT!
My bread has white swirls though the middle
My orange was filled with oj when I opened it.
Saw a concrete coffin being moved by a truck this morning.
This egg has two yolks.
These packing peanuts are made from corn and wheat and they dissolve in water
Mushrooms growing out of this Mushroom Kit while it was still on the shelf at Walmart
Sprouted peanuts, planted by squirrel, found in flower pots.
My girlfriend has been extremely bored during quarantine and decided to paint a masterpiece of her tiger riding, meth snorting, boyfriend loving hero.
Just bought a beer
A friends “Corona Bat” bottle opener keychain.
The way my green tea settled
This Square Shower Head
This tiny species of moth. Finger for scale
Didn’t know it at the time, but I ran into Tim Stark last summer...
This carrot having a good time in the bowl.
Put a bit too much batter in the doughnut maker and it kind of looks like Homer Simpson right?
Incense with a forked end
This JUMBO size Banana
Milk spilling from this truck looks like a coyote howling.
My dad is in charge of getting troops off of the USS Theodore Roosevelt and my mom had to make him a mask since theres none left on the island.
Saw an awesome car just now
My new flower pot that resembles a roll of toilet paper
This burn mark that kinda looks like a heart
This linguine missed out on getting cut so it came out of the pack folded
Have a natural gas leak? These are used to suck the gas out of the ground.
While out on a walk, my girlfriend and I found what appears to be a turtle graveyard.
This tree has engulfed the fence
The puzzle I'm doing of a dog has a dog shaped puzzle piece.
Local movie theater sold 3 foot tall bags of popcorn with two premium movie passes to keep business going
This kitkat center is sideways
This moth has a perfect straight line on its wings
My moms new fan
iPhone will not let you set an ‘altered appearance’ w/ a mask on, to use your FaceID with mask on.
3 consecutive eggs with 2 yolks this morning
My definitions screensaver is being meta
After 15 days of quarantine, my meatball wears lipstick and appears to be smiling at me?
This pork chop looks like a dog that just had his ears eaten
Onion growth project: month 2
When the leaves sprout through the strawberry this is the effect
Someone resorted to skywriting to get the #stayhome message across
Accidentally poured bleach solution (&lt; 1 teaspoon bleach 5 oz water into a bottle with blue dawn soap. Two hours later...no more blue.
This is Social Distancing
My musician uncle playing a free show for the neighborhood. Ponte Vedra Beach, FL
Cautious Smile
This store has social distancing decals on the ground
Got a picture of a bubble on the ground
My Cheez-it is extra thicc
Condensation on my window looks like Stevie Wonder
Painters Tape+Chalk= a killer quarantine activity/ impromptu “homeschooling” art class
My family rationed their war coupons.
West Denver yesterday. Wow.
2020 US quarter with bats
It even had little feet
This sweatsuit onsie with pockets
These Belgian canaries look like they have nice hairdos
The way that these billiard balls weathered into marbled meat-spheres
The world needs this right now.
This double-labelled mustard in my local store
Edible legos
Sliver shakeys token
This Shot Glass with my Name on it
My sweet potato is growing veins.
My piece of chopped bell pepper looks like an ear.
My sister got a raw French fry
I didn't know donation meters were a thing until today
If you are like me and thought the plastic on the back of your Roku Smart TV remote was black, you would be wrong.
air bubbles refused to form at the bottom of my glass of water
Fire and Ice?
The way the snow piled up on my roof
When you have to resort to eBay for toilet paper
Safeway is repurposing its toilet paper shelves.
The plastic on the back of my Roku Smart TV remote is not actually black, as I have thought for years.
You can buy red kiwi fruits!
The plastic on the back of the Roku Smart TV remotes are not black, as I had assumed for years but are actually purple.
It looks like there's a rat in my bamboo straw
I found what looks like teeth marks next to my shower in my relatively new home.
My phone left a permanent impression on my pants
123.45 worth of goods that made our day complete
Australia Mate
My new plant is a bellsprout.
This cola-gummy looks like it was shaken before it was opened
Basil seeds in water
How this license plate spells Neat
This Extremely happy Goldfish
Little camouflage bug is enjoying his quarantine.
There is no peanut butter in this Reese’s
This is where the Namib desert meets the sea.
This burnt leaf my wife found looks like a French Bulldog
Soundcloud recommending quarantine music
Looks like trump is in my pasta
My curly fry shaped like the treble symbol
when a rainbow strikes through a cloud
The color difference between my golden retriever's fur...
This tree that grew around the chain-link fence
Was going to make mashed potatoes and that's how I found my bag potatoes
The comeback is always greater than the setback
It’s taken me 6 months to consume a half gallon of green Tabasco
I had Chinese food for dinner tonight, and Me and my mother got the same fortune and lucky numbers
My dogs claws are all black except this one single digit!
Fish Delivery. Frrrrresh
Ice imprint left on my car last night
The hole in this tree is shaped like a cat
Dripped into a love heart
Minecraft Home Screen informing everyone to wash your hands!!
a bench cut from a tree stump
From my sauce jar, with love
Which label do I trust?
This emergency alert broadcast in NYC
This Bowl Of Ramen That I Got That Didn't Have An Expiration Date
This SpongeBob house I made on Desmos
I made a hidden retractable shelf. It goes in the dead space underneath a corner desk.
Someone understands what boxes are ACTUALLY for
Room thermometer (from 18 to 26C)
Spotted in my local Wegmans
The model number of this pizza cutter wheel.
Expires in 1000 years
Someone want inside of “real” DS cartridge.
Found a four leaf!
I found this alarm clock in the woods and I am going to bring it back to life
All those edges
Social distancing for dummies
a screw in plexiglass
One of the eggs in the carton I opened was full of wrinkles..?
Looking down from Tokyo Tower
I finally had enough time to finish this coin map because of the Quarantine!
The way my boiled egg turned out
Birds stand on one leg for relaxation and to decrease heat loss
Saw people posting their crane scissors so I thought I’d do the same
Covid-19 testing stations in South Korea designed to not waste precious PPE
This smiling moss face
Bees holding hands
This bathroom door in Romania
I'm sure a lot of people have seen this already, BUT LOOK AT THE SIZE OF TEXAS! This was really crazy for a Dutchman
The way this outflow follows county lines
Searching "Evil Tower" on Google gives you the Eiffel Tower
The seeds in this tomato started sprouting
The way this outflow follows county lines
80 something year old Welche's grape juice.
A fortune cookie inside the fortune cookie.
Bin looks like it's floating.
There's no public transport except for a bus or two for the people who still work in Zagreb due to corona outbreak.
Target has markers that tell you where to stand so you can stay 6 feet apart form other people
The Sticker I found at the bottom of a vegtable box
Hearts in downtown grand rapids last night
Lizard in a lizard onesie
My McFlurry cup
My bacon grease looks like Lionel Richie.
I heard reddit uses their cover letter question for free ideas. Happy they implemented it bummed I didn’t hear back.
This cup I was drinking from.
This Daim Art.
No ones been at work for the past week so the door froze.
Took the Keys Off My Keyboard
Just your regular faces carved into fresh cut stomps
My great aunt was cleaning out her attic and gave me this Apple seat cushion from Super Bowl 19 in 1985
Our family couldn't find the last puzzle so we just cut it out of the box
There's a place in Warsaw in Poland called Mordor. It's the largest cluster of office buildings in the city. In the middle of this cluster there's a waterhole which in direct Polish translation is called "water eye" which may refer to Eye of the Sauron.
Bubbles only form on half of my water bottle
My candy wrapper is inverted
Had a bonfire a while ago and took this photo at the right time
Had a bonfire a while ago and took this photo at the right time
the devils drink
These cookies my boss sent to me during the lock down.
Inside of DS game cartridge
The shadow of the lamp bulb and the angle of the sun make it look like there’s a massive spider in my lamp
This sheet is double the normal size
My school has colour-coded doors where orange is for students, gray for teachers and administration and blue is for janitors.
One window frame breaks the entire pattern.
My dog has a Mohawk
This mutant fruit loop
A die with 2 threes
A bunch of tiny spiders made a bunch of tent-webs on the dandelions
I've never seen a reddit thread URL that wasn't random-appearing letters and numbers until now. Guess sometimes letters just align even with RNG.
The way this chocolate bar is divided
The way you can tell the direction of the wind
Backyard turned into ice rink by nature.
This encyclopedia volume is religiously militaristic.
The snow has melted in the sun but not in the shade
Kfc box with oil splatter that looks like a chicken (its not printed on)
That black outline looks like a fox sniffing another foxes butt.
Border collie working from home
One of my almond Hershey kisses was wrapped backwards
This puzzle piece was only cut halfway
Was supposed to be going on an Island hop for my 40th this year, ordered this cutie instead
Phone and hand left a perfect imprint on my blanket
A random tiny plant appeared in my fish tank..?
How perfectly my Xbox games fit into this helmet
Cool light reflections around my glass of wine
My moms McDonalds burger that came with no burger
Found this Yoohoo bottle with no label while stocking
My Caesar dressing's info is very specific
The way they packed and shipped these coffee beans
This hidden ledge in the Whitehouse Press Briefing Room
Reflection in my car windshield.
Food photography logos
Used this butter on a pan and put it straight back in the fridge. Took it out today and it has this treebranch/vein image on it.
There's a seagull's head with a Greyhound's head on its beak in the woodgrain of my table.
There's still a lit blockbuster sign in my town
A local pizza place sent us pizza along with toilet paper due to COVID19
After IV Injection, but No Bruise on the Injection Site
Finally, after using an expensive telescope for an hour, I was able to get a clear picture (from my phone) I found a star, and this one was very dark for a star
This sculpture looks like toilet paper rolls
I see a fox looking into another foxes butt on this piece of wood
My local newspaper turned the whole first page into a graph of unemployment claims
Color particles trapped in a drop of hot glue
My knitting, complete with a few dog hairs.
Friend's cat has a gorilla on her back
Saw a story about a guy who built a picnic table for squirrels. Thought I would give it a go since I am on lock down. It’s getting use already.
This design I made in my coffee mug
Corporate answer to positive COVID-19 cases... close bathrooms to concentrate people in fewer areas.
I took photos of Cardiff before and after lockdown from the same angle, and layered them to show how empty the streets have become and how busy they usually are
Just a T-Rex stopping by for its morning coffee
Outside a room in Thailand
This rock I found in my backyard today. It’s got circular ridges all the way around and is super satisfying to hold.
I cracked an egg with twin yolks.
Two squirrels, one trap.
My ice tray froze with a spike and went up
This womans face on my sidewalk
My daughter found a conjoined daisy in our garden in England.
Crushed raspberries in my daughter's doll house make it look a bit like a crime scene.
This die goes from 2 to 64.
This long-snouted bee-like insect that landed in my backyard.
A puzzle came mostly assembled in chunks in the box
A row of my Oreos was assembled on the wrong side
An 'albino' roach. Check comments
This fuzz doing it's part to clean my car window.
One regular chip in this bag of wavy chips
My husband’s eyes are brown, green, and blue (also he’s very tired, that’s why his eye is red too)
My Greek IT teacher taught me that 'an' is used instead of an 'a' when the following word starts with a vowel.
This sealed package of Salami is completely empty
This plane I saw in Costa Rica from the movie “Planes”
Due to a month in quarantine, my beloved Fiesta started to develop a camouflage pattern
The way those carrots intertwined while growing
My dog pooped in the shape of hawaii
This tree went right into the metal part of the tree
Social distancing everywhere..
I found a little owl in this piece of wood
Every one is freaking out but still don’t want the gluten free food
When I was 19 I tried to grow weed in my forest. I found this 2ft down in the first hole I dug
The rainbow i saw yesterday was just that little end arch. It was very strange to witness.
This little dude waiting at the bottom of a drainpipe.
Found some putty on a newspaper this was the result when I peeled it off.
An onion inside an onion
My skor bar has a miss align.
My beer has both a cap and a cork.
This mushroom grew in my bathroom
This corkscrew being a miniature version of the jar.
Dominos missed the covid19 memo.
you can see how much milk is left inside
Product actually looks like what is on packaging! Red Baron Pizza...
One of my ice creams is almost entirely biscuit
The pieces of my puzzle create animals that you can see from the back
This blender my daughter made when she was 4
Recently I and Corona were in the same team
Cross-Section of a Wind Turbine Blade
The way the tuna came out of the can
Typo on my boss's new battery charger: "PACH"
First time wearing socks in 2 weeks feels weird
A crosswalk for snails
New Spring/Summer 2020 trend?
Love the pattern on my new comforter
My wooden backpack I made for my senior year of highschool
Crayola crayon colors difference from early 60s to 2019.
Six wins on a single scratchcard.
This hole in my driveway kind of looks like the USA
This pallet of batteries
The water bottle in my hotel in Bangkok had the same shape as the building.
Because of the COVID-19 crisis my cell provider changed its name to remind me to stay home
Vacant wasp nest inside my car mirror
The sun breaking through my curtains and projecting the building across the street on my wall.
This smoking paper box has a warning sign in between
Every time I get Babybel I save the wax and create monstrosities.
Found this Radio Shack still in existence with the 80s sign
My Lily seeds were supposed to contain 50 seeds but i recieved 67 seeds, small stone and a small shell
Handprints inside of trees
I found my old iPad recently and decided to open the stopwatch. Turns out it’s been running for just over 5 years.
Care package sent by the Cypriot government to its citizens stuck away from home.
A Pepper grew inside my Pepper
USB cable with the right orientation marked in braille
Garbage street art in Lisbon
This Heart shaped leaf I found today
This is one badass Rig with a motorcycle on it.
I know this stuff is being posted a lot but seeing NYC like this is just crazy
This uncut sheet of US currency (I’m fishing for flattening ideas in r/framing)
My slice of cake looks exactly like Oklahoma
The way my friend and I folded paper from our croissants at the same time while high.
The wraps on these colored pencils are switched
I've actually found a 5 leaf clover before.
This shopping cart had a cup holder
My Cheese &amp; Onion bag seems to have suffered a printing malfunction
My parents Yahtzee scores dating back to 2009
This chimney next to my house kinda looks like Watto from the Star Wars prequels
Day 15 of Quarantine: My apple turning my on.
The vehicles they use to install road reflectors are big go-karts.
How big, or small depending on how you look at it, viruses are
This accident-proof garbage disposal switch
Cat chameleon
A piece of bread that is different
Lots of goats have come down from the mountains and taken over our town. They seem to be enjoying the lockdown!
Norwegian coronavirus conference, physical distancing
A field of yellow flowers in Korea is being cut down to make sure no one comes to visit. It was a big tourist attraction before the pandemic.
[OC] Morning sun hitting a doorknob
This lighter made from a World War One bullet
All the vintage spools of thread I've used since March 22nd.
This shape file I found on my company's server.
My chicken layed a soft egg!!
The Modern Design of this Building
This oddly big pinecone
An egg-citing surprise
Teeny tiny clay rose I made
Hawk stealing a honeycomb
Quarantine has got me folding fitted sheets
The Rebel Alliance symbol looks very similar to the “E” in OPEC’s logo
oh snap
Unexpectedly saw this while looking for a new mug. Meet Robocup!
So i was trimming my tree during the quarantine and happened to read the brand name on my trimmers for the first time in ten years....
In December 2019, I ordered something small from Wish. Today it arrived, and this came with it.
the courgette that confirms the illumimati
Adding the 'weee' to make the problem more interesting?
In Denmark, some of our traffic lights have small soldiers, to memorialize the war against Prussia.
Found out that Jenga blocks have a thickness 1/5 their length. Played them vertically at first.
My parents found a heart potato in their 5 lb bag
As long as I buy this, am I safe from Covid-19?
Anubis art
In our city in The Netherlands, the bike traffic lights have a biker disguised as our area code
SHOCKING STORY: She felt violated by him! | STORYTIME
My wife couldn’t find eggs at the store so one of her coworker brought us fresh eggs from her family’s chicken coup.
Computer graphic printed in the early 1970s from Taylor University.
you can see how much milk is left inside
It's funny and sad, both at the same time.
Definitely won’t run out...
Doc, Can we have covid's vaccine?🤣
Mildly cool trick shots
Liquors with their effects in their usual order. The Gentleman's Magazine for Men, 1789
I don't know how, but I can see the wooden beams of my house and the neighbors.
The set for the film fest I'll be streaming from quarantine, built by my partner and I in the spare bedroom.
Burlwood, the result of ongoing stress on a tree from an injury, virus, fungus.
Nice
Peeling for eternity
An N95 mask was put in my box of vacuum filters ordered from Amazon
The calf was chewing on a milk bottle
This overly familiar portrait I came across in an art gallery a decade ago
Some traffic lights in my city have people peeing in pots (kruikezeikers) (Tilburg, Netherlands) (More info in comments)
My hometown has the largest sundial in Canada
I found a block of cheese in this bag shredded cheddar while making breakfast this morning.
My progression over 2 years of Babybel cheese wax sculptures
This church has a kinder way to say, "No skateboarding."
The pig spirit trying to escape this tree
My credit card security code
My Monster Energy Is Polish
Tree growing it’s leaves in a spherical shape
The way these leaves grew on this tree
An egg-citing find!
How egg-citing! 2 yolks in 1 egg
A man in the UK drew a runners lane abiding by the 2 meter distancing rule
This McDonald’s I went to gave me Canadian money but I live in Massachusetts.
I poured some m&amp;m’s into a dish whilst on a conference call. Did not eat any as noticed they came out 1-6 by colour
That’s a weird egg
This picture of my dog makes it look like she has human lips
An unused soda can lid top
My paracetamol pill came with an extra cap end
Massive pin tumbler lock. How locks work. FarmCraft101 [22:05]
Pork strip shaped like a pig
I was able to stare directly at the sun due to thick layers of fog, never experienced that before
The price of this pie pan is pi
Tirecicles. The way water froze on the rubber thingies on my new tires.
Volunteers from the Blue Sky Rescue team looks like a gangsta rap album cover
Water filled dish except for one little spot
These two cucumbers that were stuck together
Twin Banana, Mom says they're meant to be
The reflection of my lamp looks like a moon on a rainbow
A panorama of a room with colour changing LED lights.
A demonstration of sorts
Megnutt topless
The inside of an eveready battery
This penny chocolate machine in my village.
Ryan Gosling's left eye is slightly higher than his right
Was able to look directly at the sun due to thick layers of fog, never experienced that before
This star shape in my cigarette filter.
In Denmark, some of our traffic signals have small Vikings
Clock showing the time of week.
Unlimited mobile data for 30 EUR (~33 USD) per month. Republic of Estonia is probably one of the best places to be self isolating at the moment.
Clock showing the time of week
My keycard is like a cute baby next to this cutting board
This chip i found in the bag. Normal chip for comparison.
My keyboard came with a wrong '6' key
Last morning workers closed the playground near my place. And this is a first coronavirus-safe seesaws is the world.
My orchid is growing a flower upside down
The cracks in our bathroom window cast shadows of ancient writing
The use of white space for the word 'coffee' on my mug
Turkish Airlines flight number from İstanbul to Thessaloniki is quite meaningful… It is the birth year of Atatürk, founder of Turkey, who was born in this city.
My new hangout buddy
The way bubbles are forming in this sauce pan
X-ray of the screws and plates in my ankle after falling down the stairs and breaking 2 bones.
What it’s like to go grocery shopping in a locked down country (due to coronavirus)
i made a graffiti piece for my cakeday bc i didnt wanna bum upvotes
Nature’s cooler
So I have this dismountable pants but i only used it as shorts
Defrosted ice skating rink
You can track Google's Project Loon Ballons in real time at 60k feet. Project Loon brings internet connection to poor and extremely isolated parts of the world
The sunlight hit the wall of my apartment weird and it looked like this. (sorry for reflection had to take it through a window)
The leaves on my plant look like tiny turtle shells
Venezuelan navy ship sinks after attacking German cruise ship
My box of pop tarts came with an extra, individually wrapped single pop tart
This bird with a third eye
This eagle with a third eagle eye
Making tornados on a table with my vape
This icecream shaped like a peep
New music out on 4/10/20 . On all media platforms.
This cow has a heart on it's head
Pilots when they're told to work from home:
Milk jug with indent to make it easier for right-handed people to pour milk, didn't even notice it there with my left hand.
Doog
Bottle spin for time scale
Dust bubble formation from sander vibrations
The wood window frame has worn down overtime because it’s not far enough away
Russian Doll fish filleted this evening.
The leaves on my plant look like tiny little turtle shells - I call it my ninja turtle plant 🐢
the way my most recent emotes aligned
Barcelona under quarantine shot at around 9pm on a Friday.
This non circle jawbreaker
My coffee settled into a gradient with distinct layers.
Cracker with tattoo
Bees holding hands
A mildly interesting cracker with a tattoo
The reflection on the ceiling from the red aroma wax
Additional Inside Elevator Kick Buttons
A sign I saw this morning, facts.
A straight banana
The inside of this cantaloupe sort of looks like a heart
I have been using this mug for over a year now and never noticed
Captured soap film using 2MP macro lens on my phone[Poco X2] with a makeshift setup
How the light on my turntable makes the a shadow of the stylus and cartridge that is significantly larger than the actual assembly.
Apparently I’ve had my stopwatch running for roughly 14 days.. no wonder my battery has been dying so fast!
What he invented again?
The straw I used to core strawberries made strawberry mushrooms
My neighbours balcony lights make it appear as though the next two balconies have lights as well.
The reflection from city lights through my front door.
This webcam cover from the NSA
Google apps' "Entertainment" icon looks like a razor blade
Toilet paper published in a newspaper.
If the middle of my peach yogurt was brown it would look like a peach cut in half.
Don’t know if this belongs here. In Spain, you now have to get a verbal YES. Or it’s a crime. Interesting, no?
We love chili oil at home! My son likes it very hot like at a 10 and me at a 5. We both made our own and here’s our set up.
What happen this time?
This fruit looks like a grenade
The flowers don’t look real on this picture I took of a bonsai tree.
Found an interesting sticker on my orange
My daughter and I made a plague doctor snowman.
Neighbors giving out free stuff to delivery drivers during pandemic
My Oreo cookie was sandwiched upside down
The glass cracked when I froze sauce in it and left this
Trying to play some Fallout during Coronatine (and practice my Japanese) and the game is a mix of Polish, German, English and Japanese.
Took hours but finnally saved up enough to buy all the houses anx mansions in the game at once.
This Texan has a birthmark in the shape of Texas!
The way the cookie crumbs in my milk settles looks surprisingly radial
I Drew Venom using only a black color pencil
My dad's bbq chimney looks like a smiling spider
My little brother found this in our cheese it's.
I scrolled down to see oldest doodle for google
I had to look twice.
According to NYC Department of Health data, the neighborhood with the most COVID-19 cases is Queens neighborhood called CORONA
I folded this sweatshirt perfectly
My crayon steampunk Easter egg I made for our local "social distancing Easter egg hunt"
This is what happens when you use chrome remote desktop to remote into the computer you're using.
AliExpress promotes for houses
Got removed. Day 3 at home I think I did well!
I found a Verizon manhole cover on my walk home this evening.
This cat bathed in light from a stained glass window
elevator kick buttons
Didn't realize I needed to check the nozzle for lizards before attaching
Found a secret message in my ice cream cone.
This extra long carrot from my bag of baby carrots.
This hole in a California lake
Moon-bow, I guess? Picture is terrible sorry..
The water bottle I bought perfectly matches my AirPods case
This gardening glove looks a lot like a bare hand
noticed that two songs on an old playlist have strikingly similar album art
We have huge 40 foot tall furnaces from the 1800 that melted iron ore from a iron deposit in a river 2 miles away
Welp, I have fingernails now due to keeping my hands away from my face.
My thumbs new hairdo
That watch which have a 24h dial instead of an usual 12h one. Each graduation represents 15 minutes that way you feel like you have much time in a day
This closed hotel left a creative goodbye.
My senior Dad keeping busy while in senior isolation
Found a 5 leaf clover today.
This tree in my neighbors yard that was struck by lightning.
A sliced in half Skittle out of the bag.
Special edition COVID-19 Quarter
color wheel for art class on a king size sheet!
Under our noses?
My fridge has a "sabbath" option under the ice button
Color wheel for art class
I used crayons for the first time in a while
Restored my Pikachu Yesterday.
OU812. Someone replaced the ID Number on this phone pole with a pun - which is a Van Halen album title.
This is a hot dog.
My Dad’s boot pistol. His hand for comparison.
Waiting seats at the subway in Osaka recently configured to be front to back rather than side to side
The change I received from Wendy’s today.....
There was a bead of Baja Blast floating on top of my Baja Blast
Combined two shampoos and it made a cool gradient
The fact that they know that there’s a car parked outside is astounding
Made eggs this morning and I found this very light yoke
This lemon shaped like a strawberry.
This quarter and its double-layered joke
My local grocer provided safe distance markers for outdoor queuing
This plant looks like the child/baby yoda
Speedway signs managed to burn out exact opposite of each other
In Vietnam our cell phone service provider is telling us to # Stay Home
In Vietnam our cell phone provider is telling us to # Stay Home
The top of my ears don't curl
Found this beauty while cutting my split ends
Sort of looks like the virus
This garbage truck has two sets of pedals. One for sitting and one for standing.
This one giant cheese slice on my frozen pizza
How low can it go
On my tub H is cold and triangle is hot
My bread came out looking like boobs
This can of sardines has a see-through lid
This pen casts a remarkably large shadow
I made a toilet paper cake
By slowly zooming in and out on the Dude, strange effects happen because of the print style.
This shadow made by glasses rinsed in water
The doctor I work for has collected his patients ear wax over the years.
this porkchop came out looking like the USA
My old dirt bike helmet became a birds nest
The challenge of our times.
This is a plant
CPAP filters that my dads company makes the fiber for. These can filter the coronavirus!
Day 3 at home. Finally got her done.
They removed the swings from my local park to keep kids inside
some people say i look like saorise ronan
My son shot a BB at our tempered glass backboard. Clear point of impact visible.
I found a five leaf clover
[OC] There were dimples in my yogurt
How this incense burned
He liked them
The middle cloud is shaded by the top cloud
Turkey on house
Covid-19 Stimulus Check. How the Government know if your married or single...
Interviewer practicing social distancing while interviewing race car drivers
My cat was excited to see me after my bike ride
For when you're hungry after you're hungry?
My dog looks like she's badly photoshoped on the suitcase
My dog looks like she's badly photoshoped on the suitcase
You can see London Heathrow from space
Windows 10 font list is a collection of little moments of Zen.
Was washing the dough trays at work, and the drain caught it just right.
My take-out included a hand sanitizer and a sweet note
The temperatures are so low in colorado springs that the grass froze mid sway
One of the few places still in operation (relative to normal times) in my neighborhood in NYC included a hand sanitizer and a sweet note in my take out bag
Windows 10 font list is a collection of little moments of Zen.
Younger redditors might not know, but there was a time when cereal came with a coin as the prize in the box.
the gift that keeps on giving
Hand Sanitiser name backwards is "Era Covid".
This egg cracked before it was fully boiled
A large stack of empty boxes is blocking my neighbor's door
My Lay’s chip is a perfect circle
Caved entrance to a mineshaft in my woods
The goose disappears when frozen.
7-Eleven is a bank in Japan
The goose disappears when frozen.
My buddy is a nurse and they got their first shipment of distillery hand sanitizer today
This lamp cast an interesting shadow
This Sequence of Events ...
This horses hooves are shaped like stars!
My oven's clock goes to 24:00 at midnight for 1 minute.
These little flags used (I assume) to align the crane with the wind
Lizard fight
The butter on my knife looks like a sailboat
This tree is not a tree but actually an antenna
Home Schooling Food...
I found a giant merged strawberry
Found this in Tokyo
What he invented again?
Girlfriend had a strand of blue hair. Her hair is black.
Sardine Oil google search history
Sardine Oil search history
Supporting our service workers by icing them via DoorDash
This toilet roll has a mini toilet roll instead of a cardboard tube inside
Mexico is using the T-pose to represent the safe distance for coronavirus. The government made a 'superhero' (Susana Distancia) that appears in all the PSAs t-posing in a Smash Bros shield. Her Name is a pun bc 'safe distance' is 'sana distancia' in spanish
A croc made from cheese wax
Google News weather widget lets you check the temperature in kelvin
Google New weather widget allows you to check the temperature in kelvin
My phone has notifications from 4,199 days ago.
This is what a popcorn kernel looks like when you stop the microwave as it pops
hey my orange was pregnant with a lil orange in it!
An interestingly small piece of pizza.
My girlfriend’s drink promotes a non-existent basketball championship
My packages usually have a 4 digit code for “driver’s aid,” but today it was “funny.”
Found this in a public restroom. It made me question my water intake.
Fractals from the sun hitting the crystals on the chandelier in my dining room
Because of the weather and the season I got some pollen in my window.
[OC]Workers painting the crosswalk
The bay froze directly into the shapes of the waves
My dog got her own dinner today
Workers painting the crosswalk
These swamp reeds completely covered in ice from the winter before last winter
The way the bubbles lined up in my Corona (during corona quarantine)
Looked out of the window and thought this looked like a Gorilla/skull with a wheel in its mouth.
The barbs in the "windows" on this dragonfly's wing
How high this pink panther toy looks
Saw this taped to the ground in Central Park in New York City earlier today.
I've been fixing my car, and the window made a little greenhouse for the weeds.
I didn't realise that was a number
I didn't realise that was a number
The water on this mountain in Austria is blue
Me and a friend at Newfields museum
I drew over u/NS2920's picture "The scratch on my mom's car looks like 4 people on a canoe". I imagined it being a D&amp;D adventuring group!
This doodle a teacher did on a friend's home packet.
Hawk on my window sill
I found this thingie lading in my library and i have not used IT yet
Saw these used medical gloves in parking lot.
The paint inside my dads paint bucket hardened and formed a new one made of paint.
The eye of this baby shark
The only Standard gas station in Phoenix, but the pumps say Chevron
picture i took from the airport
A dove killed in my yard was molting—note the "blood feathers"
Friction-worn rail road spike
3 different eyeballs, 3 different colors from the flash
Found a mutant grape
Dog Tag from 1962
Water cohesion holding droplet together.
These flowers were hot glued on to my cactus.
The gravestone of an African slave buried in the churchyard of an English village has recently been replaced by the slaveowner's descendant
We’ve been seeing Dolphins a lot more regularly off of Bayshore in Tampa, FL due to less boating traffic.
Was taking a pano and the orientation was locked in vertical so it split this car in half.
My buffalo chicken tender looks like the cock and balls of someone with a chode.
This battery that appears as if it’s poles are reversed
My wife's hair wove itself into my shirt in the wash
This toilet paper that nearly looks like a square
This one candy I found in the bag is a bit long. A normal one beside for scale.
If you squint my puzzle looks done because the rest is basically black
This tree growing around a electrical wire
Nintendo DS nostalgia, he died 6 years ago
This palm tree growing out of another palm tree
These are both full-grown cats
This key knife that I found on a walk
A family on my dad's mail route gave him a roll of toilet paper as a thank you.
This water spill on my sofa looks like a rabbit
These elevator buttons near the floor so you can use the elevator while carrying things
The way this candle wax melted
Reddit has a "fake post" when you reach the bottom.
I doodle quotes on my coworker’s otherwise lame whiteboard. Can’t wait to get back at it. Stay home!
What my song looks like - with a u/KFriedChicken created visualiser
The way Big Sean and 2Pac are looking at each other
"My servive period" - Great Grandfathers photo album from 1938
Found a heart on the bottom of the bread I used for my sandwich.
Bourbon biscuit was stuck on the way... imprinted on to the choc cream.
Pretzel-King that came in my bag of Cheez-It snack mix.
Picture taken during my first time shooting and we got the "bang" picture
I found this picture of the first moon in april somewhere and i thought it fit here rather than as part of a meme
The way this tree branch grew through the chain link fence makes it look like a piece of rope
This cube in my ice tray that has a spike in it
2 candies have merged
Horseshoe Vortex Cloud Formation near Lethbridge AB
Our local Walmart is limiting how many customers can be in the store. Wife sent me this from the queue to get in.
This lady on the news looks like Luna Lovegood
slomo of my nephew's toy truck
Ancient alien technology?
White Traffic Signals &amp; Streelamps
Was looking for a fork but I found this small one instead!
This tree log me and my brother found looks like a map.
A small store near my house now has a signalling light to better adhere to social distancing rules. Allowing no more than 2 customers in at the same time
A shark in a bottle that I got at the beach 13 years ago
The drain at the bottom of my street looks like coronavirus
Forest consuming an old car...
i got two connected sour patch kids
This gecko is shedding its skin in such a way that makes it look like an albino gecko swallowing another gecko
This ingrown tree branch piece was left on the fence.
This ad shows another image when flipped upside down
Sanremo makes an espresso machine that lets you see inside of it
Found a Jack Black doppleganger in my SIL's old junior high history book.
Now that we’ve been home for a few weeks we decided to submit the dog DNA test we got on Black Friday. Turns out that Boo (adopted on Halloween) isn’t the tiny German Shepherd/Cattle Dog mix we thought she was!
The text on my new shoe box. Um, anyone check the Obōz facility for Cornonavirus?
Because we’ve been home for the last few weeks, we finally took the time to send in the dog DNA test that we bought on Black Friday. We have been calling Boo our “Pocket sized Shepherd” for months and now we know she isn’t part German Shepard. I guess she is our pocket sized Husky mix now.
I cut up a lime and put it in my metal water bottle with some water and left it for 4 days and it turned from green to yellow
Statue of Bruce Lee in Mostar (Bosnia and Herzegovina)
I left my vitamin gummies behind my console and that caused all the gummies to melt into one
Noticed today that we have a very Brady pair of intersections here in Fort Worth
This Amazon ad tells the details of the models, not the item being advertised.
this picture of deer in my village is out of focus and looks like an oil painting when zoomed in
It just says "open" but gives me weird The Walking Dead vibes
This abandoned mannequin at my mall
Guys I drew it with pencils only. Do you like it??
Found a Japanese bottle of Coca-Cola
This used to have books in it. Now it answers to a higher calling.
Ice forming around inner rim.
A screw that can be removed with 3 different tools.
This shadow that lined up perfectly with the concrete
This found photo of a man using a candlestick telephone.
Don't know if it fits, but... е g g
I sorted all the coins in my piggy bank
This sign, that got deformed by a growing tree.
Going through some things and I found a (human?) bone bracelet that one of my mom's traveling coworkers gave to us. Maybe someone can give some more info about it, this is all I have to go off of.
This leaf I found. All that is left are the veins.
This Man Was Roller Blading Down The Street
i was peeling my tortilla layer by layer (it kind of flakes off in big bits and pieces) and i found an accidental hedgehog.
Sounds like a delicious catastrophe
My bottle of vodka is measured in centiliters on the bottom
This street sign has a typo. Canfield Dr.
In Ireland our postal service is giving each house 2 letters that are free to post
[OC] Ordered two pounds of sweet potatoes, and the farm delivery just brought me this chonk.
This bag of almonds reseals using “velcro”
went to chick-fil-a for the first time in quite a while and they wrote this on my bag (i ordered chicken strips)!! made me smile!!
Quarentine day 18 - 5 year old daughter wanted to make a racoon house.
The way the light reflects off this lamp.
Moe's accidentally sent out their marketing template as an email.
Virus themed street litter, very on point.
This ocean-scented candle melted its label and it looks like a wave.
Hand in water for a long time
So my data service replaced their name with this ( top corner right)
This COVID-19 Cupcake
There's a green bell pepper growing inside my red bell pepper
The barcode on my bag of oats looks like a table with a bowl of oats on it
15 minute wait to get into micro center
The excellent artisans of female urination device!
A knot fell out of the wood
Untouched banana trying to tell me it is ripe.
This plane’s flight path
H3H3’s evil twin makes the artwork for domino’s
My cereal formed a sad face this morning.
These two puzzle pieces weren’t cut.
Box of slushy straws
These two puzzle pieces weren’t cut.
Based on perspective, the batter in the MLB logo could either be a left or right hitter
Grabbed the paper from the mailbox. Today’s my birthday, but it’s not me in the paper
My hotdog buns were cut on top instead of the sides.
This Shiba Inu Husky mix
Old school style with a gold upvote
This random curve in our sidewalk
I don't know how common this is, but my dad bought a kitchen roll without a tube
found the original street signs in my town. these were taken down about 70 years ago
Two peaches in one blossom (flower)
This fly buzzed right in between the tubes of this bulb, with such precision that it would've seemed intentional, and proceeded to stay there until it died, presumably from the heat. RIP.
Old entryway to a demolished structure— Hot Springs, Arkansas
I cut both my index fingers the same way
A dairy company advertises the culture of their own county (Devon, England) on the carton.
This very cool retro gaming stamp we received in the post.
The way my coffee is divided
I was bored because I can't leave the house and look who showed up
The Body Shop, non-essential. The Face Shop, essential.
He looks like an evil plumber
This bracket on my math notes
NOW ACCEPTING TOILET PAPER AS PAYMENT
This tire has a really interesting tread pattern
NOW ACCEPTING TOILET PAPER AS PAYMENT - a friend posted this on LinkedIn, he said the previous sign read "we had a great sign but the Astros stole it". Who is this marketing genius?
Reached a milestone today with my Reddit notifications
This bubbles on my dishes look cartoonist
This splint I built for a straddle legged chick
Electronics solder after being flattened by my rolling chair.
Here are some of the wooden journals I’ve made! All are made of wood except the Deadpool one which was made out of an old cardboard box! I Need a new idea for the next journal, have any?
Brother put in the freezer for almost a while year
My brother put this in the freezer for a month
My mobile network PLAY changed their broadcast name to (translated) 'PLAYStayathome' to remind you to stay at home.
3 years ago I ordered this “pot coffee”.
This school in China ran out of room for the word "International" and so just glued the "L" to the top of the cabinet below.
Due to the corona FL is actually playing it safe!
macro shot of a lime at its connection point to a tree
Puzzle shaped packing protection from an end table I ordered.
A fallen tree held by its neighbor
For 3 years, my family lived in an ancient trailer on a property we'd bought, while waiting to build our house; it had a shower, but the bathtub was child-sized, so we built this front-porch "bathroom." The new house is lovely, but I actually miss bathing outdoors. :)
told my boyfriend to buy carrots that are “a little bigger” and he came home with those
I have flat feet
I made this plague doctor mask out of leather
This lovely little rainbow on my wall
This is a boat from 1962 that my wife and I are rebuilding to live on. These are 6 of 17 holes we've had to cut in it to make necessary repairs, pretty counter intuitive for a boat, right? Vlog link available if y'all ran out of things to watch already 😂
A family friend runs the newspaper for a small town in Nebraska. This is in this weeks paper.
The way the sun was hitting my cats ears showed the veins perfectly
This book I found in the breakroom
My tires formed icicles on the vent spews while driving
I cracked two eggs that had double yolks
A recycled envelope, with one address on the front, one on the back and a tape cross than can be switched to the other side to send it back.
An abandoned asylum in Northville, Mi. This is one frame of a video I took 3 years ago today, can’t post videos tho so sorry for quality!
I found a Heart shaped nugget today.
This humidifier plant
Cats tongue under a microscope looks like an army of tongues
My cat has three sets of white whiskers and one set (above his left eye) of black.
An abandoned asylum in Northville, Mi that’s said to be haunted. I took this video 3 years ago today, the entire thing has been torn down since then.
My wheels formed icicles around the treads while driving
A white moth spotted on my house
This tortilla chips shaped like an upvote
This tortilla chips shaped like an upvote
The rainbowy inside of my family's dryer
This shadow of Abraham Lincoln
This hedge shaped like a bunny
Bloom of rose growing a new bud
This news paper clip found during quarantine. My great grandma recently passed and we found this amongst her things.
The top of my pen broke of and made a clean cut
I cracked two eggs that had double yokes
This piece of ice
This high tech indoor smoking booth in Tokyo
The way the label ripped on my step ladder
My cooking mess made a cartoon cat.
I'm at the peak of my Reddit career
Care Package sent by South Korean Government on 2nd day of quarantine
I'm at the peek of my Reddit career
Social distancing in Canada
My coffee looks like a coffee bean!
Catastrophic belt failure in Jeep Patriot CVT automatic transmission
Wild pea hens on my next door neighbor's shed.
First sourdough loaf. No yeasties in lockdown!
Found an old swimming stats card and a ribbon award from 1979 in a book I ordered.
Dissolvable packing peanuts.
How my activity have dropped with the quarantine.
This snow wave
Two double egg yolks in a row.
When I tried to translate "The World's Deadliest Joke", from the sketch by Monty Python. Google apparently has a sense of humour?
This derpy deer on my coffee cup
Found a hidden message on my packet of sweets
SEM Image of Polystyrene particles I recently Synthesized
The way my chimney's shadow lines up perfectly with the sunroof
A large air bubble formed in my glass and survived transport.
How close Isle of Mann TT riders get to spectators, he's going over 100mph at this corner too!
My presumptuous microwave.
This hot sauce bottle has a cap
Disney World Contemporary Resort lights are shaped like Mickey and a heart
My laptop makes the D and the E clip trough eachother
My jacket hasn’t been outside in a while and it shows.
My dad likes to fold origami out of the paper chopstick wrappers at restaurants
The primary school in Poland is using Half Life Alyx to teach math during quarantine.
This tiny bit of fried eggwhite looks like a duck
My toaster has a glass front so you can see how toasted your bread (or bagel) is
My apple is going through its emo phase
Quarantine art by dad
The bike parked next to me has got the opposite color scheme.
Someone filled the potholes with grass and they are awesome!
the Isle of Man £5 note, the IOM has different money compared to the UK even though it is a part of the UK
Malaysia advising wives to stop nagging during quarantine
Found a giant mass of tiny chocolate chips at the bottom of my Cookie Crisp.
Found this mutant in my bag of pretzels
Google Searches Reveal 9 Ways Our Lives Are Changing In Quarantine [OC]
Found this toaster in the woods and I am going to bring it back to life
Sand moving uphill
This carrot looks like a boot
FULLY SANITIZED Something I made yesterday. I finally found a purpose for some tiny nude people I had lying around.
HOW DID HE GET UP THERE-
A detergent spray formula is called '69 Alcosurf'
This beer candle my girlfriend made for me.
I have a blood blister that’s got a little rude
I have a freezer at my facility, and the drain pipe leaks. I was catching the excess water in a barrel and the ice layers show the defrost cycle intervals
Oh honey, we are safe now!
The “English” section at an American supermarket.
Barcode to my frozen dinner has silverware.
Social distancing at Schipol Airport
I love evolution.
Social distancing at Schipol Airport
Social distancing at Schipool Airport
An airplane scanning the sky of milano Italy (flightradar)
Just found out the tiger in "Roar" , "Gucci gang" , and "Say so" are the same tiger-for-hire
Nutritional information is the same shape as the jar
This southern beach on Antelope Island in Great Lake Salt has two bison sunbathing.
Half of this Corridor is a balcony
Now this popped out of my foundation bottle..!
A fork on the side of the road, flattened by traffic.
My bathroom key has been ground up by the keyhole
This doctor saying "hello" from behind glass
Baked my first Carelian pies today.
What my burned tongue looks like
So I just pulled in my driveway and realize I have a Game of Thrones tree but mine is kinda stupid.
This book I found while doing a quarantine-inspired cleanup
The local news team uses a microphone on a 6 foot pole to interview people
how i arranged my desktop
The sun hit the stop sign across the street and it projected a rainbow on my wall
This frog that lives in my fence.
Friend of mine use a recylced envelope and a blue tape cross, backside has my address, and we just switch the cross back and forth :D Also stamps are slowly stacking up :D
The banknotes that I just withdraw form an ATM machine
McDonald's in Australia (Maccas) are selling milk, english muffins and rolls in drive thru
The second price of Art I ever bought. Rincon, PR
My dad is in isolation so he made this - I think it speaks for itself
The sheer transparence in my cat's cornea.
Seismic activity sensors have shown the slow down of my city under Isolation
It is u/redditads cake day today.
These legs behind the tree when I went to the park yesterday [OC]
This tea is literally dried rose buds
Just happened to get this tonight!
Huge heap of onions on the street for sale in South Korea
The bubbles in my glass of fizzy-water are rising in completely straight lines
Shadows from my curtain looks low res
My homemade yoghurt made a fractal-like pattern on the jar
My sister's collection of emty ball pens
This reflection from a UV bulb
The interesting way this ice formed around the inner rim.
This picture I took one night. Glanced out my office window and they all froze and faced me.
Unusual tea packet logo/thing.
Storm clouds rolling over my house
The structure of this old tea
I found this letter box on a walk today
Looks like a slice is trying to break free from this orange
The way my fairy bottle protected itself from water
The way my fairy bottle protected itself from water
My Internet carrier that says Stay at Home in Vietnamese
This care package the South Korean government sent me while I’m in quarantine day 2
This stall door design to prevent the stall from being locked inside
When me and my dad were out walking our dog yesterday, we saw a deer in our neighbourhood.
Yum
My sister picked up a magnet in the street while riding a skateboard
This drain at the bottom of my street is having its moment
Perfect example of the geometry that occurs in nature
Woke up early this morning and managed to get a rare photo of my TV remotes reproducing.
My missing chocolate tile
The trackpad of my laptop has a small touch button and light on the top corner, which on double clicking disables the trackpad.
It's 4am so I did the only logical thing to do and cut open a bag of microwave popcorn
Abandoned train bridge in BC, Canada. More on my IG @ctm.1 :)
My eyes are turning stripey
This pizzeria is giving alcohol wipes with tokens that when u put 8 together,forming a pizza you get one free!
I have no context for this photo except all of them are real Kermits
A tiny book about friendship
Interesting discrepancy between the growth of the number of cases (logarithmic). Data from: bit.ly/covid-19-data-1f4ab
The bubbles in my glass look very suspicious.
How my brother broke this glass.
I found my Old Pikachu Collectible under my Bed today. Since i have alot of time, i cleaned it to look Brand New!
I was bored so I put some staples on the magnet I got from Berlin
A cone/V shaped made on clouds. (Brunei)
My best friend makes me dolls for my birthday, idk if this fits here but this year its pennywise! (And his eyes glow in the dark)
The sun has melted different parts of the Windscreens due to the shape of the shadow of a house
The sun has melted different parts of the Windscreens due to the shape of the shadow of a house
interesting spelling of the word alcohol
Normal moth and big moth side by side on my office wall today
Kids shirt looks like it had a spider on it scared me half to death.
This cloud in florida sort of looks like the beam rifle from halo
You can use a can opener to open a can of beer. If it cuts on the inside edge there are no sharpies. DIY schooner.
Just found a guy who looks like Dr.Phil while watching Richie Rich.
The first imperfect Ritz cracker I’ve ever seen
This hole in a window looks like a balloon on a string
Waferless KitKat - just a solid bar of chocolate
This BBC Welfare Political Commentator
It snowed where l live.
Log looks like cartoon angry shark
I had surgery today and this poster was in the doctors office
This smudge on my finger looks like the Air Jordan logo
This device that looks like it sanatized the air.
The Getty is challenging people in quarantine to recreate historical paintings with simple objects from home.
Probably the most honest reason I've had for a newsletter unsubscribe
A bird built a nest inside a motorcycle helmet hanging on the wall in my garage.
The ice ball in my drink forms a clear lens to the bottom of the glass
My arm
How coronavirus is dominating the news coverage here in Australia
This egg I bought today
A mark on my fireplace looks like a Victorian woman in a bonnet, sitting on the firewood
This all-in-one automatic no touch soap dispenser/faucet
Fixed a refrigerator that would seal shut after being opened once
I’m surprised that you can lag text!!!
The lights on these buildings make a heart
The smiley face on the protector on my spinach and artichoke dip
Indian Valley Reservoir Before and After drought, Northern California
The way light falls on my curtains.
The shortcuts people take through the playground are revealed by the fact that trampled snow takes longer to melt
Fog in Chicago today
(1911) Annual Independence Day celebration medal, given to the winner of a foot race held at the event. Found while metal detecting at my local park.
Just noticed Trump in this mural at my work
You can win a roll of TP at the local pizza shop
Sorry about bad camera quality, but if you dont notice, my pizza cutter is shaped like the star ship enterprise
A whale washed ashore Rockaway beach, Queens NY, April 1st, 2020
Old sign at a high school
This aged well...
Hamburger looks like Stormtrooper
The extra ink on this American Spirit cigarette
On the first day of 4/20 I looked down to see this on my trucks odometer (sorry about the flash, I was on the move and only had one shot)
Take a moment to appreciate this sloth shaped mushroom
Matryoshka Dolls Waikato NZ
Thankful son outside of Salem Hospital, MA
This philips screwhead is the size of a quarter
Was surfing on staples.ca and saw a leather journal for $3 shipped. Got it today and I’m not upset. Here’s to 2019!
My Wii remote has braille on it.
This skyboob looks like an actual skyboob
My LED keyboard configurations
I 🤍 you. We’ll get through this! -your neighbor=) note upon getting home today
Part of my daughter's Jumparoo looks like Kenny from South Park projectile vomiting a frog while peeing into a sleeping bag
Super”color”pre-blah
Got 2 twin yolks! What are the chances?
Got 2 twin yolks! What are the chances?
Cracked 6 eggs, 3 were twins...
A wild Jigglypuff appeared on my daily allotted walk today.
I've got a piece of NBA memorabilia from Katrina. The new Orleans Hornets(Pelicans) relocated to Oklahoma City in 2005.
A broken string on this old guitar formed a treble clef
This couple I saw fine dining in roller blades
This grave I found at a cemetery, it was raining and the water on this graved was red. Looked cool so I took a photo.
Covid-19 DIY Face Shield from ordinary household materials
Bought a Mattel D-Rex from a thrift store for 5$. Turns out it was worth way more.
The supermarket I go to enforcing social distancing as much as they can.
The supermarket I got to enforcing social distancing as much as they can.
I love my phone company #stayhome
Outside a grocery store
My mobile LTE data use. You can see when I went into quarantine based on my data use.
The paint that dripped down the side of my mixing cup didn't stick to the markings
My KitKat doesn’t have any wafer in it. Just chocolate.
This cow with googly eyes being abducted by a UFO
my Reddit feed answered it's own question
Behold, invisible light made visible.
A world of lies. Exact same sized containers.
Mooresville NC tonight, Independence Day incoming
My wife’s face cream came with it’s own coke spoon. I asked her if she was Crocket or Tubbs and she said I was an asshole...
My dad bought a tiger from Joe
A dog peed on the same spot of a a.c. unit for 20 years
Our VHS tapes at camp in the woods that we still watch
This chandelier made from flattened Coke bottles
The white paint on my palette looked like a bird
Must be some leprechauns living at my neighbor's
I rode in Schindler's Lift today.
I rode in Schindler's Lift today.
My broke butterscotch looks a bit like the Google Chrome logo
I thought this was because of the mushrooms, but my buddy had some "magic fire" packets
I've started hand rolling a giant jar of pennies today. $4 didn't even make a dent
A Banana shaped Wet Floor sign at Jamba Juice
This sidewalk designed to accommodate a tree, by the San Diego Urban Forestry Street Division
Got out of a hot tub foam got under my skin
I tried out Zoom's virtual backgrounds, but my walls are white and I'm pale af
Found while hiking, someone put masked quarantine bunnies in a bird house.
Yahoo published this pic of Will Ferrell running despite the fact he cinched the fabric around his 'package'.
Drops of water I spilled made this little face
My son has a perfect teardrop scar under his eye. It was caused by forceps during his birth.
Floof on the Roof
Found a dinosaur in a wall
Lives, I think? I am not touching a mattress in this part of town.
The way these ice crystals formed inside a stainless steel Nalgene.
The way this feather stuck to my car cleaned a perfect circle of dust
I found something cool
The way this ice formed inside a stainless steel Nalgene.
You can see the imprint the batteries leave on the back of the screens for most new iPhones
No blue, extra green
I inherited my dad's collection of political buttons
After moving my desk of 5 years, I realise I may need to wash my feet...
This area of the counter used to be where we just put the mail and our car keys...
The melted cheese on my empanada took form of the container it came in.
Two trees are growing out of the fallen of stump of another tree
What he invented again?
The sticker on this minivan
This perfect Doughnut
A very tiny bouquet with a yellow tropical fruit to demonstrate relative size.
The only clock I use nowadays.
A very tiny bouquet with a yellow tropical fruit to demonstrate relative size.
All the cars in front of my parking space were red.
the salt floats on the oil but not the water
This spilt coffee dried out to look like a topographic map.
this wine box that doubles as a bird house
These Pop-Tarts bites that have an expiration date in 200 years
A COVID-19 walkup testing booth in Korea
I received each one of these burns accidentally about 4-5 months in between each burn and they all line up , oldest bottom, top just happened today.
Work has resorted to using a plexiglass panel (Spit Shield) as our frontline of defense against the virus
Noticed a glitch in the matrix. Spotted in Italy, England &amp; America with them all being posted on the same day.
Noticed a glitch in the system. Spotted in Italy, England &amp; America with them all being posted on the same day.
Actual silver bullets - not live ammo BTW.
This grape that vaguely reminds me of a heart
Light from my monitor reflects off my rubix cube and give it purple side
The way these ants built their mound around a spotlight outside of a mall.
The scratch on my mom's car looks like 4 people on a canoe
Found a smiley face in my Haagen Dazs
The end of this fries Cheeto oddly curved.
It's My 3rd Cake Day &amp; I'd Like to Distract You from Our Impending Doom!
It's My 3rd Cake Day &amp; I'd Like to Distract You from Our Impending Doom!
Anyone else follow to dots to see where they line up?
An old VCR I came across when out a walk in the woods.
COVID-19 Paper Given to Patient Who Got Tested Today
The hand sanitizer at the bodega near my house
There’s a tiny spider living inside my toy skeleton.
Giant lime I found at the market. Used a large lemon and my glasses for scale
Twenty odd years ago I painted billboards for a living. Was going through some old photos and was reminded of how fun it was. I'm in the top photo.
Who else has this?
The butcher that fed this cat everyday made a replica of her after she passed away
This overcooked frozen waffle. "Normal" waffle on left to compare.
This pickle I ate today reminds me of someone
Canadians measuring distances using hockey sticks.
This uncovered message I found while redecorating our living room
This strawberry
This strawberry also don’t press sound
My post office is sending out postcards that you can send to anyone in the country free of charge.
There was an ad in my fortune cookie
Years of piled baby bell cheese wax I put together when I was little(a quarter and my hand for comparison.)
Tore off the label off this bottle of juice and ended up with a mountain landscape.
Took this picture last night. Seems like April has begun
Perfect Domino Distribution NYC
Just a fly with water on its mouth
My wife's dress has Han Solo looking more like Nicholas Cage
A bee house (trypophobia warning)
The "keep out" label on the weed we just bought
When your kid has a paper due at school and wants you to engrave it! She got an A lol
From my great aunt's sewing stash - this relic from when Canada switched from Imperial to the metric system.
A truck door looks like a face
What happen this time?
A bee house (trypophobia warning)
Dried watermelon without inside
2020. The year of isolation and organization. Possibly the dumbest idea I’ve had yet...six more giant tubs to sort.
The pattern on my pumpkin pancakes from the pan matches my plate
Wanksy, a hero for the people.
we were building a lego rollercoaster and got a “little” sidetracked
I found two double yolks when making breakfast yesterday morning.
Fell as a kitten and hit his eye :(
Local gas station has 93 cheaper than 87, never seen that before
Beautiful spring in Dallas
Comparison of the red and blue in the MLB, MLS, NBA, NFL, and PHL logos
My sister put this planter thing upside down a few months back (don’t know why) and accidentally created a greenhouse. These plants survived the winter because they were in an artificially tropical environment.
Found the original street signs from my town. these were taken down about 70 years ago
I got two fortunes in my fortune cookie.
Seeing when the coronavirus hit based on my activity level
Someone is staring at us
Someone is staring at us 🌝🌚
This tree growing sideways
Someone put a hose in this tree long ago
The stone cut for this wall contains fossils
This shelf in the white house press room, accidentally panned into view
Since we are closed for quarantine, my church made paper with our names on it for where we would sit so they could pray for us by name
Since we are closed for quarantine, my church made paper with our names on it for where we would sit so they could pray for us by name
Minimalist bottle cap
The way these movie thumbnails lined up
They pretty much just gave up....
No. 19: My SO made pancakes. One of them caught an odd burn-mark, when roasting in the pan.
Minimalist bottle
Someone moved the sign potato I posted yesterday.
A Graph that accurately tracks the amount of sex I receive in correlation to the amount of days I’ve been in quarantine.
If you cut open a tennis ball you will be greeted
This UFO cloud above my house today.
A tiny loaf I was served on a recent flight. I made a tiny cheese sandwich.
So we were making pizza today and after putting in the yeast for the dough the spoon had a yeast rabbit on it and it looked pretty cool
Since my dogs birth she had a piece out of her ear
My Cat's beautiful eyes.
All Euro coins have different heads sides depending on country and year, and some of them are really cool. (Sorry for reflection)
Last year I planted carrots and they all died. Yesterday I tilled my garden only to find this baby.
My Cat's beautiful eyes.
This bike lane that has a frog
I carved a face in my grandmas butter
This customer service agent looks like Professor Snape.
Thank me laterr.
An arcade cabinet straight from the box
One of my posts got into my home tab. Just thought that this was cool. It’s the staircase one!
My coffee stain kinda looks like a topographic map.
All Euro coins have different tail sides depending on country and year, and some of them are really cool.
This rock with legs
This Redbud tree has its blooms on its trunk.
I got a half popped popcorn kernel in my bag of microwave popcorn
I used to wait tables!
Getting home from work at the hospital and taking a shower only to find this skull pattern on the soap bar as I'm drying off
got two pimples to match my two freckles
For the guy on reddit who thinks this is a sixlet...here...it's an M&amp;M
Screwed a nail into my math book today. I have no regrets.
Both grapes are from the same stem
I found out the guy from epicmealtime used to teach at my high school.
I found my dad's credit card sized calculator from 1986.
Gas prices around where I live.
I found a round M&amp;M in my YoChrunch container
I found my dad's credit card sized calculator from 1986.
My coffee kinda looks like the Americas
Some of the solidified wax from a candle I was burning resembles a blaster from Star Wars.
Spilled some milk on my plate for cookies, it made a little spoon!
I spelled pear with my bike lock.
My ice cream cone came with two bottoms
P***hubs traffic has seen a major increase since the start of the pandemic
Satanic animal cracker
Took a photo of my mailbox after work to show my roommate how the mailman delivered a package today. There's three of them. One's black and the other two should be all white.
This is a fire escape in Brazil
This spoon has a funny smiley face
Bottle from a local Bourbon Distillery turned Hand Sanitizer plant
My son continuing his piano lessons during quarantine/stay at home orders.
Fire escape = workout
This guy from dragon ball z looks like Danny Devito
8 ball pool is life.
Ever wonder what the top of a street light looks like? Wonder no more
Ollie's has designated shopping hours for senior and immuno-compromised shoppers
This sky tube in the roof of our bathroom which prevents the need for artificial lighting at daytime
There is a pun on my receipt
New restaurant in my town only plastic wraps the part of the fork you eat with to not use as much plastic.
This hand sanitizer directs you to rinse your eyes until you stop feeling sorry for yourself - if you get it in your eyes.
How eggs are now sold in my local store
2 Hummingbirds at around 2 weeks of age. The way the nest is made is amazing itself.
How's eggs are now sold in my grocery store
This thumb drive, that looks like a butterfly valve.
The way couscous formed on my spoon after stirring
The vortex in my blender cup pulling down the coconut flakes in my morning smoothie.
These dandelions which grew together into one big single dandelion I found on my lawn
This rock in monument valley that has multiple tiny rock towers on it.
My mother was taking off her nail polish, it came off perfectly
The NYC zip code with the most coronavirus cases is Corona, NY
The steak I got has a security tag in the package.
Found this while doing laundry today
This Acer Laptop with wrong thumbnails
Before and after of only 20 hours of care
Actual street signs I found in Yokohama. Wasn’t sure which way to go at that point.
This post of all smileys :)
Poop parlor protective pooches. What do these two think is going to happen to me while showering or sitting on the pot with a closed door?
Surprisingly the wife doesn't hate it...
My mother’s Soviet birth certificate!
My ship in a bottle has whiskey trapped!
These cool looking Canadian coins (sorry I’m bad with titles)
The homeless Chalifoux family sells their kids in a span of 2 years. 1948
Lenin is hiding as a dream catcher in my gf's closet
pubg gaming controller
I found a really long gummy bear
This Kit-Kat with the wafer the wrong way
Blew my mind seeing this on the way to work.
Children: you never buy us any gift! You are bad! Dad:
4 eggs, 3 double yolks in my breakie.
Uncut spaghetti
At a grocery store in Virginia.
Hot Dog Juice looks like Christ
This is quite the lawn sign
My packet of pine nuts came arrived with a nut stuck in the packaging
When other people in the video chat have no idea why you're laughing..
This leaf on my windshield looks kinda like a snail.
My brother found this newspaper from the day after the Moon landing whilst clearing out our grandads house.
This tree was damaged and bent into a “N” shape at some point, but lived through it.
four double yolks in a row ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
An AI that recreates your picture as multiple styles of renaissance paintings
Skate 3 glitch I found mildly interesting
The way melted sugar swirls at the bottom of tea
Piece in a museum looks vaguely like baby trump
Piece in a museum looks vaguely like baby trump
I won 20$ on this scratch off. But prizes start at 40$
This inside out Oreo
‪My water bottle done something (I don’t really know what happened), and now it looks like a horizon with several mountains.
Asked my high school students how they're doing during this time
What happen this time?
This truly empty bottle I found at work
My friend has one crack that goes left to right in the middle of his phone
My friend has one crack that goes left to right in the middle of his phone
My friend's sand pendulum after an earthquake.
Some of America's Victims of the Spanish Flu
A plant grew into my garage from around outside
my pinkies are very bent
Children don't have to bypass blocking filters while home from school - Google Trends
Visible light pollution over my town.
A leaf in transition
dbrand April fool’s doomsday kit
Why dosent these lamps give ligth to the sides?
this five legged frog i found in southeast wisconsin
Refrigerated syrup poured into a bowl
I had to, I saw the toy and I just had to XD
An orange with the shape of a lemon
The barcode on this chip bag goes all the way around and has been integrated into the design
Dropped my old mac book pro and it got this dent but did not crack the screen.
Tissue gets blue tint towards end of box
Disinfect wipes in my neighborhood library
My bell pepper had 2 baby peppers in it
Goose on a car
New cake pans came with the perfectly sized parchment liners
My smartwatch charger abruptly emitted a flashing warning light that for some reason appeared as a rainbow. Can someone who knows science explain this?
Two fortune cookies in one wrapper.
(Minecraft Java) I found an extremely rare wreck on multiplayer made of 4 types of wood. Apparently it's two shipwrecks spawned perfectly next to each other. There has only ever been a couple reported instances of this happening.
Matching miniature lunch for my daughters doll.
Gotta stay updated...i’m sorry who’s that now?
This Store Uses the Metal Gear Font
My cat has whiskers on her chin like a beard
Found this nickel with a hole in it
The price of these CBD cookies
Drinking game called stump
The way these two sphagetties came connected
This tree in my neighborhood that grew 8 feet up through a sign post
The one egg that lived?
This tree that grew up through a sign post.
Crack on the wall looks like it’s continuing the line on the graph.
there's a really thin place in my house that could have been fixed with an extended wall, it's been like this since the house was built (i think)
Crack on the wall looks like it’s continuing the line on the graph.
This tree that grew up all the through a sign post
All the shades and tones of eggshell
Here’s what’s under the gas dispenser before they pour the slab.
All the shades and tones of eggshell
Ordered a Switch Lite Bundle w/ Link's Awakening from QVC and Got An EU Rated BotW Instead
This carton of eggs has instructions to take a 360 tour of the farm the eggs came from.
The way this paint dried
All the shades and tones of eggshell
All the shades and tones of eggshell
there's a really thin place in my house that could have been fixed with an extended wall, it's been like this since the house was built (i think)
This lion is scared af (Crimea, Yalta, 2019)
The sell by date on these chive seeds is different depending on which country you are in.
This carton of eggs has instructions to take a 360 tour of the farm the eggs come from
The way the hand on this sticker has cracked much like my own hands after being washed 80 times a day
The way the hand on this sticker has cracked much like my own hands after being washed 80 times a day
This Social Distancing Sign at my local park.
My internet cut out while I was watching Netflix and it looked like Jim was pointing at the buffering symbol
My firepit has weeds growing in it
My firepit has weeds growing in it
Someone stocked an april fish on my car
My mom found a skink, poked it with a stick
Today is my wife's co-worker's cat's birthday. Meet Lily. One of us!
Ontario Premier's team stands at a safe distance during a Press Release while all fitting into the frame together.
Two of my eggs this morning had double yolks.
Funniest cereal box I’ve ever come across
Found a queen wasp in our rotting wooden fence. Couple more weeks and this would’ve been an expensive removal.
This cup looks like it contains no water (I get water is clear, it just looks more clear)
This post office feels a little post apocalyptic
Face shields for grocery workers
Cigarettes replaced with hand sanitizers
Cigarettes replaced with hand sanitizers
My Kinder Joy elephant has an elephant stamp in its bum
The reflection on the cup makes it look like it's transparent
Tape zones to social distance the lines to use the microwaves
My friend is building the LEGO London Bus and they gave him a tiny piece of gum for under one of the seats.
An empty, closed bag of haribo
The ketchup art a customer at the restaurant I work at made.
An orange bee I found. Later my friend told me it's highly aggressive.
A postcard my great-grandfather sent to his parents. Transcription in the comments.
This battery pack has a size checker where you can try to put your dead battery through.
Our hospital cafeteria is now selling toilet paper instead of a salad bar...
Found my old lava lamp
The elevator buttons in my apartment in S.Korea has "Antiviral" sheet.
My notifications on my samsung make an owo
This tree’s leafs show the whole colour spectrum of autumn!
You can tell which one of my family members these toothbrushes belong to by first glance
My first gaming setup.
This cloud and its shadow
I found a satsuma in a satsuma in a satsuma
My first time building a greenhouse. We didn’t have much room so I made it pretty small.
My peanut butter Captain Crunch had a huge chunk of peanut butter flavoring in it.
A pound of mushrooms, dehydrated and ground into a powder for flavoring soups and stews. (That thing near the top is a packet of desiccant.) Total weight about 1 oz or two tablespoons.
A pound of mushrooms, dehydrated and ground into a powder for flavoring soups and stews. (That thing near the top is a packet of desiccant.) Total weight about 1 oz or two tablespoons.
An old shoe lace I tied to a tree back in 3rd grade (9-10 years ago) the dangling branch it’s tied to used to be live and part of the tree!
My bedroom floor during a quarantine
I think my band aid was on a little too long tight
This truck has train wheels that can be lowered so it can drive on rails
Not sure if connections are overwhelmed or if it's just an April Fool's joke by phone carriers. I have perfect wifi still ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
My Cheerios giving me love through this tough time
Russians have 12 different words for different types of cats based on their appearance
A local distillery has repurposed themselves to produce hand sanitizer
My son recreated the Battle of Bunker Hill with army men and keva blocks
Offer - Everyone gets a 0
Mushroom Butt
My muffin looks like a bear.
Just found out that a guy that I grew up with used to work for Joe Exotic.
Making masks out of (new) doggie piddle pads
i clean up after business meetings and theres almost always one of these broken bad boys in there, it never stops
The wind made the snow stick to the icicles. Photo taken this morning (no joke)
little free library replaced its books with food
Learned this today
Celery base after cutting off the stalks
A time lapse of me in my room with ADHD and ADD
Found this perfectly divided, two-colored orange
My brother found a newspaper from the day after the Moon landing whilst clearing out my grandads house.
This picture was taken today in a supermarket in Munich. Way to go and stay calm guys!
Help a goat, found in the help wanted section of the newspaper
The Share Button points directly at the 'O' in r/AITA
This potato looks like a boob!
I finally found Waldo
This was at my school
My cancer sores formed a perfect circle and triangle. All I need now is an X and a square and I can start gaming.
These mini pringles I found
Icicles made my sister’s tire rim look like a sea urchin.
Funny liquor store rules
This naturally formed ball of Barite
How the pollen settled after a spring rain.
I saw a tiger and the tiger saw a man
Indian stores have different varieties of European chocolates for reasonable price that you can’t get at Walmart
Tree spots looks like a pandas face.
fish i was eating had a deformed backbone
This Wierd Egg
This lady bug fossilized into this button
My fried egg took the shape of the english muffin this morning.
How this minion reflects (refracts?) Onto the fence.
This fossil I found in the stone wall at the building I work in
The u/redditads was made on April 1st
Sun melting frost
Inside a CT machine.
This fully disassembled drone.
The sun was shining onto my metal trash can and it made this...cool circle thing?
After 5 years of riding Cruisers along side my dad i finally got my first sport bike and he gave me this for good luck, Wheels spin and everything and it's made out of real gold. Ruby Break light, Diamond Headlight.
Walter White's house, 31 March 2020. "Take your picture from across the street, do not disturb us"
This wine bottle can be reused as a birdhouse
This wine bottle can be reused as a birdhouse
I was cutting cords and then this happened
The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face - I Knew I was In-Love
Funny programmer joke
Checkout all of the caterpillars on a tree in my backyard
E. Coli that my co-worker grew in a petri dish.OC
In Denmark you can get a toilet paper cake.
After 5 years of riding Cruisers along side my dad i finally got my first sport bike and he gave me this for good luck, Wheels spin and everything and it's made out of real gold. Ruby Break light, Diamond Headlight.
This tree looks like a topographical map
My biscotti got the chocolate on sideways
Found these old framed Kellogg’s cards at work that are rather NSFW
There's a mantis in our table's grain.
My friends tictac collection he’s had as long as I’ve known him
Rubber band fell on the floor and made a love heart
The Scottish Government have issued Coronavirus advice specifically for beekeepers
In light of all this COVID-19 garbage, my town's Subway is trying to make the best of it. Stay safe and stay positive everyone!
Someone in our downtown neighborhood has been leaving lovely positive messages on our sidewalks!
Ever wondered what inside of a vhc camcorder looks like?
This large big chungus created by 7th grade art students
This IKEA jar has a jar in the latch
Why is the sky doing this to me ... deformed dic and bols
I accidentally ruined two conjoined bananas
Modern problems require modern solutions?
Tgis cool Waterspout in Tampa. Source: Rebloggy
This avocado with a seemingly decayed stone
My mom who is a manager in a hospital got this coupon
My mom who is a manager in a hospital got this coupon
It seems that half of my backyard decided to stay in winter, while the rest is already in summer.
I found a Bb Tenor Trombone inside my packet of chips!
Easily repairable PlayStation 1 with arrows as guidance
This miniature building
My co-worker drew this a while ago.
This trivet made from shells
This perfectly half yellow and half red apple
Ferris Wheel in 1950's.
How my employer has deemed it prudent to distribute masks to employees.
All of the Overwatch characters have googly eyes for April Fools!
All of the Overwatch characters have googly eyes for April fools!
This layer of clouds looks like it's photoshopped,
Diana, Princess of Wales competing in a race at Prince William's school sports day in 1989.
Aussie Lumberjacks shaving with axes during WWII.
Volunteers putting the clocks forward at Stonehenge
This Iranian man hasn't bathed for 60 years
Some art my sister did with jam
Look at my Kiwi's
This beeswax wick cube I made
Happy pancake
Volunteers putting the clocks forward at Stonehenge last Sunday
Volunteers putting the clocks forward at Stonehenge last Sunday
I just got lucky
The way this tin can reflects light
The size of this ripe mango
This bite of double beans came out shaped as a heart.
This bite of double beans came out shaped as a heart.
This bite of double beans came out shaped as a heart.
The size of this ripe ^mango
This bite of double beans came out shaped as a heart.
In the notebook there is a battle of tanks
Manhole from Okayama, Japan
This roll with a mole
I was digging through old stuff and found my old (modest) collection of puzzle erasers
April fools, no more coronavirus.
April fools, no more coronavirus.
This magnifying glass that makes the person smaller rather than bigger
The amount of ads on this channel. The movie already takes tiny amount of screen space due to letterboxing, and then still managed to cover it
My collection of casino chips. Still so many more to get!
This mosquito that melted with the candle wax
This dead duck
Put the last chop of a lettuce in soil and it grew :)
Sign advising you to stay at home for your grannies sake
This perfectly rupee-shaped sugar crystal that I found while snacking
This close up shot of a moth my brother took with his phone the other day.
Out of date cooked rice and vegetables
Trafalgar Square at 7pm on a Tuesday
Apologies for the quality. Local traffic lights. Red = stay home. Green = go home.
It’s the reddit ads cake day today.
iuuqt://xxx.zpvuvcf.dpn/xbudi?w=eRx4x9XrYdR
These curtain patterns look like Squidward
The way the reflection creates a brick room
This Two-Face grass
The Ice On This Lake Near Me
April fools on the crypto market
What every school should have
The name of this ship off the coast of Australia today.
The moment my buddy and his cat met at the shelter. He adopted him shortly after.
My ring fits perfectly to the lid
This artwork of ‘London’ in my local barbers has the astronomical clock from Prague behind tower bridge...
In my country everyone must cover their face now. Those are TV news and the lady on the right is translating into sign language. She must wear a special gear because otherwise her mimics wouldn’t be visible.
The difference between a battery and free range egg yolk
Something interesting : I got an eye injury 6 years ago that left my right eye blue now instead of the original brown!
poured oil in pan looking like the pokemon muk
What happen this time?
A ramen cup I found without a lid, yet still in it’s original plastic packaging.
A ramen cup I found without a lid, yet still in it’s original plastic packaging.
A cup of noodle I found without the lid, yet still wrapped in the original packaging plastic. Will try to refrain from eating it lmao
visible wear on my barbershop’s floor showing where the barber stands
Wet floor cones in New York's Chelsea Market shaped like bananas
Hong Kong and New York have an 12 hours difference
Never expected that
This toilet has a sink on top, to re-use hand washing water and to also save space.
My ice maker made a hollow ice cube
These three same sized eggs had three different sized yolks.
old television circuit board among the moss
This post full of smileys:)
This jigsaw puzzle came with two extra pieces.
Light shining through each side of this laundry basket results in a bokeh-like effect.
This squirrel feeder that someone is selling on a local yard sale page
The shadow of my curtain rods looks like someone doing a crane kick
The way the sky looked on a random day
I got a triple peanut
Exact Scale Image of a Black Whole.
This urinal in a stall at my school
I have been buying storage units for over a decade. 50% of the time, there's porn in the unit. This is my favorite find. Homemade porn negatives of a prominent local judge and someone who wasn't his spouse's at the time. From the 60's.
This paint by numbers kit I am painting while staying home...
Found this while playing, must be a conspiracy theory.....
My kid loves to pretend with her doll and really wanted me to pack a lunch tomorrow. She is gonna love this.
This month’s SI cover:
This is a bundle of cashew apples. Cashew seeds come from these apples harvested from the cashew tree. Also, one of these seeds is not like the others.
I found a listing on Craigslist free for a bunch of books, so I picked them up. This is what I got. Pretty sure I dodged a serial killer.
This pineapple growing in our garden
Dog ripped open their platypus toy and found a duck and beaver egg inside
All these puzzle pieces are oddly shaped, along with animal shapes mixed in.
This inverted jammie dodger
Hand-washing station outside a Danish supermarket
Guy hides in couch as April fools prank
Left my bike out in the rain and it left a cool shadow OC
An earthquake just hit Central Idaho in an interesting area
When a hen lays her first egg she is considered an adult. Oftentimes, these first eggs are tiny. Here’s an example of these small eggs called pullet eggs that were lain by my new hens versus the normal sized eggs lain by my mature hen.
Left my bike out in the rain and it left a cool shadow OC
Two lemon heads in one pack
The owl in this freshly cut maple tree trunk...
British £20, old and new under a microscope.
This dog bones is hollow
I’ve been building a pyramid of cans for a few months, just hit 11 tiers with 66 cans.
My perfect Peachy-O
This almost perfect line up
Nickels and pennies(only, as far as i can tell) are apparently pretty easy to stand on their side.
This sign at a bird store.
This Apple that I found at the store
This onion that was actually two onions
The cork in my wine bottle
Water pooled in this car cover (no sun roof installed)
A growing pineapple
This plant didn't grow one of the pair of first leaves, so it grew the only one wider than a regular leaf would (above)
This rock I found looks like a mummified face.
My operator now displays it's name as T-StayHome
The bottle of wine we had tonight was La Enfermera, or, The Nurse. Cheers to you all!!!,
old tv set found in da woods
The map from my run today looks like a shoe.
Made lentil soup last week and beans in sink sprouted
My odometer and trip A
Sub to this mad lad
My 7 and 9 year olds stay in place art project.
My friend’s sand pendulum captured the tremors of Idaho’s earthquake today
This Jeep ad during covid 19
A palm growing inside a tree.
I took apart my clothes dryer to recycle, and in the chambers of the drum paddles I discovered these dense lint balls that had formed over the years.
The cherry looks so much bigger from the side
The angle I took a picture of my cat from, made him look way more chubby than he already is.
This was on my tablet at a restaurant in Cambodia it's what you used to order food (before isolation).
Marvel at the size of the blackberry root I dug up today! (glove for reference)
Hotel nears us (Hilton NASA) made a heart out of its room lights. Assume no one is there.
Saving space and allowing you to have less to carry
A very long mini wheats
Me and the brother found an old quartz mine.
This airport parking garage is completely empty
god i vag resurrection eyrrdg to the
My crackers looked nice. What do you think?
My hardboiled egg has faint stripes on it
A newspaper clipping from 1906
The way this fallen tree forms a natural dam. The water level on the other side is even a bit higher than the other
Meanwhile in Pittsburgh
My daughter's pinecone
The restaurant I work for is ordering food for us employees for free, through their distributor, while we are shutdown. (Not pictured: 2 rolls of TP)
The way these trees wrapped around eachother
I can’t put these three fingers up straight
The “T” on this lettering broke when it fell but you can’t even tell from the front. Guess I should be thankful.
Newsies in 1910
I had never heard of Zoom until 6 months ago. Now it seems every institution uses it. From local schools, colleges, small, medium, and large businesses. I'm curious if Zoom's Google Search Console impressions and clicks reflect the same type of graph. Either way, Zoom took over.
This clock that tells you the day rather than the time
Omegle's logo change in times of COVID-19
MEga STUF vs DOUble STUF
My fifth iteration of my build that I finished today. Yes I am sorry I put the handles but I didn't want my work to be ripped.
My eggs are telling me to stay safe
A palm tree growing inside another tree.
As an alternative to a dryer sheet, i use a crumpled up ball of tinfoil. After a few times in the dryer it shrinks into a smooth ball
My phone calander updated Tax Day to July 15th
the mildyinfuriating subreddit has the amount of people as the members in reverse order
The grave stone of my great great grandfather, he had his tongue cut out by robbers, and all of his sons were murdered within a few years of his death. Yes, gun shots did that damage to the back of the grave stone.
The size of this green onion.
The way the snow settled on this tree makes it look like an eyeball. Whole think kinda looks like a duck now.
The way the sun reflects off the other building means we still get to see a sunset even though our apartment faces east.
I caught the moment Reddit crashed on me
My champagne cork re-expanded
This sign has a potato on it.
Yesterday this North Pole radio had 3 followers... now, after a mention on an instagram live in Portugal it's at 30k! Making this huge it's the goal now!
Rebuilding my front porch, and found this card / calendar from January 1918 under the old one.
Wonderful and interesting family my ASD daughter created for me today.
This antifungal product with some sort of growth on it.
i have this orb
This tree that grew into another tree
Oh the irony...
Part of our couch broke, so I twisted it into a weird fish
This dragon mailbox stand
This Tostido scoop was baked inverted
I made dinner for my wife and cat and I, and this beans stayed in the shape of the can
The way this shopping cart was slowly deformed by the enormous pile of snow on it before it thawed.
One of my eggs from Costco had a wrinkled shell.
This hotel has its rooms lit up like a heart.
A bee with a tumor on its leg that randomly landed on my computer
Drove one too many times over the warning track and my car gave me a suggestion. Had no idea this was a feature.
Email Chain I Have Been CC'd To Going On Three Days Now
Have had this cream for over ten days...freakishly long expiry date
My local Ollie's sells pre-made pencil cases with school supplies.
The way this pizza stone broke due to an idiot putting it on direct heat.
Dog vs tiger ? Tiger wins
The local drive-in movie theater in my home town (Tulsa, OK) has survived most people's transition to seated theaters or renting movies, but now it's deserted for other reasons..
I couldn’t even bite into this massive hard nug of Crunchy Raisin Brand from the bottom of the bag.
I live in Georgia, the weather has been nuts lately in the valley and now my fellow frog friend has came out, what wildlife is coming out where you live due to warmer temps etc etc ?
today is u/redditads cake day
The Land O Lakes butter my dad got from the store doesn’t have the Native American Woman mascot on the package.
This animal cracker
Dick Tracy shadow
We had a couple sheet pizzas delivered to my workplace and every piece was individually wrapped.
This pollen tree
Found an old light/CO2 trap my local government left in the woods. This is used by the CDC to collect samples of regional insect population, in this case mosquitoes. This works by luring the insects with light and smell and then suctioning them into a bag. A link with extra info in the comments.
A urinal that makes you feel like you’re peeing into nature.
Found this bag of chips at the checkout in walmart today. Laughed at the "Dab" of ranch.
The tag on my shirt has a spare button.
During these unprecedented times, the term ‘unprecedented’ has seen an unprecedented spike in interest.
The wall canvas I got my boyfriend and the puzzle he got me have the same background but different foregrounds.
My kids apple juice is sourced from 4 continents!
I'm doing my part
The rare occasion of using it for it's intended purpose
This pot was empty for weeks. Now a random new plant is THRIVING in its place.
The weird shapes of the water droplets on this bus stop
My dog’s multicolored toe beans
Bird smashed into the window and left a detailed smudge
This lump of yuck that looks like a Jordan Release, and possibly doge
It costs $420 to get a personalized video from Snoop Dogg.
Greek Gas Station Bill
This tiny eggshell piece looks like a heart!
meanwhile in the UK
My calendar predicted what we'd all be doing this month
Some skaters illegally added a bowl under the freeway
Found this in my Pharmacy Technician text book, I hope you enjoyed it as much as me!
These salt and pepper shakers look like shotgun shells
This tree that has the full gradient of colors of autumn.
Week 2 of quarantine... My solar-powered calculator finally gave up.
Help, this car wants to teach me the ways of the Jedi
This sour patch chud. Got it from the 3.5lb bag I bought because I hate myself.
Tory Lanez and Drake just set the world record for most viewers on Instagram Live
My niece and my nieces daughter.
The crumbs in my butter winked at me
This owl has a friend
Painted a big wall with chalkboard paint to keep the kids busy during quarantine
Inversion layer haze hangs over Los Angeles, even with the freeways nearly empty. Taken today, 3/31
An Xbox controller has a little hello from its headquarters
The Secession Building in Vienna (Wiener Secessionsgebäude) sells postcards of its Chinese knockoffs
My dog ripped open her Platypus toy and found a duck egg and a beaver egg
Found 7 brown eggs and one white egg in a carton of what should’ve been all white eggs
As seen on Reddit today....
My Daughter sewed me a mask to keep me safe !
Clinics Banners, This is what happen when all families in middle east want their child to become a doctor
There was a solid, rock hard half of a plantain in my bag of strips
"This was the only arse wipe we could find" or "America, single ply"
My sausage patties look like chocolate cookies
Got this about 10 seconds ago in SC
I too have a clipping from the newspaper a year after they named her queen.
Made a swan by accident today
Tried to speed up the process of pickling celery by dropping it into the boiling brine for a minute. Took all the color out.
Got the pepperoni butt on my pizza today
I’ve been laying out my bags of tea on a spare canvas as I use them. This is all the tea I’ve drank since being in quarantine.
These fenceposts are super strong
my art teacher asked us to create color wheels out of household objects while we’re all in quarantine, I thought it turned out pretty cool (:
One of the hammers at my work broke, so it was rebuilt with a metal pipe as a handle.
This triple Nilla wafer I got.
I drew the face on this balloon when it was full, now the balloon deflated
My kukri, made from scratch
The stigma looks like a flower within the flower
Camo pants or floating torso?
I got a slightly smaller gummy bear the perfect post to die in new
Cleaning my lab at work today and found a first aid kit and synthetic grease from the year I was born
My dad made a picnic table for squirrels
Newspaper from November 23, 1963 announcing the death of JFK
These clothing hangers at a retaurant.
I found this cool carrot
Portable bidet a $15 water bottle for your hiney- thanks for the pic bro I was confused
Took me 3 days to finish my jigsaw of 1000 pieces
This quote on my day-to-day calender
I’ve never seen bananas this smol, ever.
there's a tiny original jeep in this newer grand Cherokee headlight
A nickel instead of a quarter for the Aldi cart
My Harry Potter boom has hand written notes on the back for J.K. Rowling
the trees look like a bird
This cigarette with the paper overlapping.
One keychain was inside and one was on a car key for 20 years
How sun bleached this box is.
Both eggs had 2 yolks this morning!
The control board for my Mazda keyfob is made by Mistsubishi.
Sneak away with not one but two cat attacks within about a week.nsfw?
Five leaf clover found with my daughter, just days after her fifth birthday
Girl in Belarus on a train with a ak
Cellular carrier letting everyone know to staysafe.
Onion inside another onion
This tiny sign
My fitted bed sheet has a tag that helps you orient it.
The teether purchased for my daughter on-the-way, has Super Marioland as the game on screen.
Instead of clinging to the outsides my blanket in the wash ended up flat in the centre like a pizza dough
These giant carrots, with normal carrots for scale
This is the apocalypse
The amount of pollen that was in my moss samples.
During a pandemic you can see how the veggies keep cool.. I'm your biggest fan!
The way my dog sits
My work gathered the plants of everyone that is working from home so they can be watered and kept alive while they are gone.
You can’t kill rock n roll!
The reflection of my PJs in the window makes my husky look leopard print
This building has a single tile with a swastika on it...?
An All-White Co-Working Space
This penny is magnetic.
Sheep door mats in front of 2 separate apartments in Germany.
I found a piece of technological history today.
I forgot a spoon in a glass of salt water for a few weeks
In an interesting coincidence, the 2020 US quarter features bats
The rain washed the pollen off my car and made this puddle on the asphalt.
Was looking in an old box and found my coin collection
I found this rock inside another rock that looks like a mountain.
Look what someone drew on the sidewalk!
This is an actual picture, but the black oil makes it look like a photoshop. Anyone else.
I was scrolling along my feed when I noticed...
My (87yo) father's "ugly" golf ball collection
I received a half dollar coin today.
The stages of growth of a Sycamore Seedling
This tree cut its treetop perfectly in half so the power cable can pass it without getting chopped
This piece of clementine peel looks like Florida. God, I’m bored.
My sweat formed a heart on my shirt!
The trees behind my house are in a straight line
Missouri River flood line
The social distancing in my local grocery store
This clearance "discount"
Japan shaped chicken nugget
Amazon sent us a letter by mail telling us about prime video.
This art piece has been years in the making! I’ve saved every fortune from every fortune cookie I’ve gotten for the last 14 years.
Labels they add in Moscow when you order groceries online which indicates temperature of the courier in the morning.
Badger set I found in the grounds of an abandoned glassware factory.
Army zippo lighter
This paint chip on my door looks like a hawk
Haven’t been driving since the quarantine. A bird decided to make my Jeep’s backup tire it’s home.
Right Before the Quarantine, this Beer Said “Drink Beer Outside”
This bamboo cane that grew straight up through the middle of an older cane like it was a sheath
This cat that has been showing up at my house. I've started calling her Socks
UK's free weekly care packet for at risk individuals
This tree branch on my street grew as if avoiding a structure.
Came across some different types of fungus/mould while clearing some wood out.
Sticker I received with an order of aquarium supplies.
I found a crisp that looks like Pacman Hitler
Tomato growing from my kitchen sink
My brother built Scenzy the goalie of Poland
My brother built Scenzy the goalie of Poland
This sign in Canada suggesting adequate social distancing is "about the length of a hockey stick" eh!
Saw the Korean care package for people in quarantine. Thought I'd post the Australian government provided care package.
This horned lizard just came out of hibernation [oc]
The way my key chain is stuck on my macbook
Found something bizarre in my salad today.
This romaine lettuce I’m growing just from water and the stump
Heart-shaped island of Galesnjak in Zadar archipelago aerial view, Dalmatia region of Croatia.
A chicken strip that took the shape of a rat. It’s looks like I’m cooking a rat.
Refilled my soap and the old soap floated to the top and gradually merged colors with the new.
The way the sun drained the color around where the sticker was removed
My cookies are conjoined
My local wine shops “COVID booth.”
My local dollar tree has tape for social distancing
A booklet of rail transport modelling instructions include tips for your "feline assistant"
The way this spring dusting of snow stuck (or didn’t) to the mountain behind my house.
Statues in Tampere Finland are wearing masks because of Covid-19!
Scott changed their packaging to estimate how long a pack will last, presumably to inform panic buyers.
I have dermatographia which means I can ‘draw’ on my skin.
A wind turbine blade
I found this pine cone growing a little tree on its top when I was in the park.
Every now and again I pass good old Redditt road.
A lot of places where truckers are going to load don’t even let us in the building or to give us access to restrooms. I decided that at the very least I’ll be able to wash my hands more often.
A friend got me these "toothpicks" online for my birthday
My daughter’s ceramics school project. A cat, holding a cell phone, sitting on a chocolate donut with a flower (4th grade).
Found the newspaper that announced Elizabeth as Queen.
The pencil set I still use till this day was manufactured in the former Czechoslovakia.
the way airplanes avoid Ukraine
This tree decided to split for some reason.
Made an almost exact print of my eyelashes when taking off my makeup
UK Government Care Package for at risk people.
I found an old, abandoned car behind my house
This ball of turtles I dug up making a drainage ditch.
This Spraybottles shadow looks like a soilder
This pan of bacon frying looks like a gay orgy
this network of Middle Easter Arabic TV channels, changed its logo to a house to encourage staying at home
This dent in my beer fits perfectly with my bottom lip.
Being quarantined made me finally wash those big ass windows from the inside out, starting with the one on the right. Until now I always thought the screen was responsible for the blurring....
Old cars buried along an old railroad spur in Colorado -- dozens used to shore up the berms
One of my friends hasn't moved his car for a week because of the lockdown, now he gets a personal parking space I guess?
German tailor Friederike Jorzig prepares a wedding dress with a mask
My father looks like Hawaiian Jesus.
This packaging lists the USA as a product of spinach
There’s a couple tiny succulent plants naturally growing on my lawn
My pen leaked a batman signal onto my palm
Don't know where to post this. The guy who played Mr feeny in boy meets world is having his birthday today.
Cops wear coronavirus helmets to scare people into lockdown in India
This bumpy egg I found
Ordinarily, you see things marked for S, M, L, or XL size hands. This company is specifically selling wrap for 15 inch hands.
The way this glass refracts the light
This leaf is kinda cool
Found this really old penny roll at my grandmother's
This cream biscuit which looks stoned.
Self cleaning elevator buttons in my apt building
This tree is really, really bent.
There's a sea turtle in my floorboards
My chocolate pancake looks like the surface of the moon
I’m propagating my vining plants and the plant is still trying to send water to the part I cut off.
This melted chocolate bunny
sideways olive
So apparently I wished myself a happy birthday 7 years ago.
The molecular structure of Ascaridole looks like a guy wearing glasses
Emojis show up in URL of Chrome
Found a 2020 bat quarter on the ground. Felt kinda ominous
When you realize this is a 10 year old car...
This statue in Helsinki, Finland
The paint stain on my jeans is a perfect right angle
My cousin passed away a few years ago, the picture of he and his daughter is permanently in my wallet now
Found an advertisement for a gathering from 1921
This smiling potato
The Sun Laying A Guinness Logo Shadow On My (Sadly) Not Guinness
My dogs tounge in the shape of an m
COVID-19 Statistics. As of 3/31/2020, the 10 states with the highest number of COVID-19 deaths account for 77.78% of COVID-19 deaths in the USA. NY alone accounts for 41.96% (NYC accounts for over 3/5 of NY state’s death total at 914 deaths).
This wrinkled egg.
Made this airplane out of paper
These traffic lights with gender symbols for LGBTQ+ Pride
Hopefully not the stupid Justice League version.
The top cookie is upsidedown
We're not not trapped in here with the coronavirus. The coronavirus is trapped in here with us
Computers in canada have English and French on keyboards
A super zoomed in RBG colour TV
HMI software devs have a sense of humor
Apparently Monster Energy wraps old products with updated labels.
The cubic tea. It's actual name is "atom tea".
Korean government care package to people who are in quarantine due to exposure, ensuring they don't need to leave the house for essentials
These dishes I'm rinsing look like a flower
My mom found three 4-leaf clover at the same time.
this happy potato i ate today
Boarded up business at Pike and Broadway Seattle WA 3/30/2020
During the installation process of the Ubuntu OS, you can already use the OS at it's minimal level, for example for the browser.
This abnormally long tissue paper
This door stopper in my apartment building.
Motley Pepper
This biscuit I made this morning vaguely resembled Jabba the Hutt
7-11 sells their donuts individually wrapped now
How these two day old seedlings lean towards the sunlight
Same pans, a few decades worth of coffee between them
I poured this beer in isolation last Wednesday. It wasn't a Corona, but still...
Frogs secrete a sticky mucus to prevent sliding apart while they fornicate. (My pic)
(Mild)ly interesting- I found two Taco Bell hot sauce packets that are still together!
Wombat's poop is square-shaped
He turned himself into a potato. Funniest shit I've ever seen
Wish sells toilet paper...
Something fell off the roof and created a perfect heart in the snow.
This Happy Pretzel
The cap for this carton has little plastic blades to break the foil seal as you open it the first time.
This heart that formed in the coffee that I made for my mom this morning
A restaurant in London before the lock down at 8pm on a Saturday night! Effects of Covid-19
I live in the US and my son got a UK edition game
One of these cigarette packs is missing it’s front warning label
This size accurate map
Vegan face mask is just the tip of the iceberg!
The microwave dish has prongs in the shape of the radioactive symbol.
It looks like the dot fell off the i
My dad sewed his own mask with a filter pocket (has never sewn before).
The top kokey is upside down
Cuomo has a nipple piercing
My pencil has a perfect hole at the top
I looked outside my dining room window this morning and... oh deer.
A tiny building specifically for washing your doggo
My dutch school is hosting an online party
The difference in size between my grandmother's hands due to carpal tunnel
What happen this time?
Small egg
Found an odd dandelion in the yard
The way my brother parks his car.
this squirrel feedee
I found a lightbulb in a bag of flour
This gate to contain wild flowers
The prettiest sky I have ever seen :o
This tree that has a single withering branch
A gift from my Uncle: All the Canadian $1 bills framed.
This mountain cake looks like 3D art
This S inside my dry quarantine foot
Egg with a leg.
This hand sanitizer looks like an energy shot.
This you know what symbol in the bathroom tiles
If you stare at it long enough the lines seem to be moving. It's a light fixture that I'm staring at rather than working.
I think the temperature today where I am, perfectly sums up how everyone is feeling
Even planes need a clean windshield.
Interesting looking cloud... no idea what type though.
Mr Bill dog toy in the washing machine
So I found this apple with 2 sides in my kitchen
So the wall of an old building on our farm started to crack and pieces fell off.. And it looks a bit like a mustang now.
This mug my mother-in-law left on my plastic cutting board overnight looks like the Target logo.
I found a dead sheep in front of my house today, no idea how it got there.
These frog eggs I came across during a walk in the woods!
Local Beer Garden selling their supplies
This cloud that looks like an eye
Day 15: "life sized" chutes and ladders for the kids on our driveway!
This traffic cone hasn’t been moved in 2 years
I think our blinds and sofa were trying to send us a message this morning.
The ring refraction pattern of my smooth glass mug
It was just warm enough for the snow to melt in the sun, but not in the shadow.
My Co-Worker's Signature Looks Like a Face When Turned Sideways
Donald Trump not only looks like general Patton, but was also born soon after he died
(NSFW) This old box of matches made from rolled wax paper with lenticular vintage porn on the box.
This parasite on my fried fish
Donald Trump not only looks exactly like general Patton, but was also born soon after he died.
This drawer kinda looks like it belongs in an animated movie
I love that my phone knows to suggest a laughing emoji after this phrase
My dog grabbing a bowl with his raccoon-like hand
This little rainbows stripes lined up perfectly with the carpet
The Beauty &amp; The Beast... The Bearded Beast!
Entrance to the attic
Some clay creating to keep me sane
Took this of the back of one of my grandmothers old cookbooks. Gorgeous.
Warranty and safety information printed on the inside of the products box.
Halfmarathon on a balcony
This king is not present on the bottle of whisky I just bought. I guess he is self-isolating.
Two consecutive cards about two different Sauls
This disturbed blanket
Free food at my subway for medical staff
This pattern on this turtle’s shell looks just like a man’s face
My friends phone that only cracked half way
Cake from supermarket in Denmark
I wonder....
This egg is way more smaller than a normal one
My wife has actually finished one of these..
It’s a trap! (meta repost)
The way the snow patches forms fillows an earlier shadow.
In Kyoto many old houses still keep a red bucket fill of water in case of a fire
20,000 people watching a guy finger skateboard
This man mowing the grass in the park (London UK) brought a guitar with him.
A screw in the PS4 has the symbols edged into it.
They misspelled Covid-19 in the russian news
A wild batmobile appears
I popped a bag of popcorn in the microwave and out came popcorn chicken. I named him Chicken Little.
A rather familiar car
The picture of a firework I took looks almost human like
Telstra making sure I stay home.
This orange looks like it's been bleeding
My bell pepper had a baby bell pepper in its belly
New Reddit update appreciated by a leftie!
Volcano noodles 🌋
My math Professor does funny online lectures
BBQ sauce forest
This showed up recently on my mobile phone.
Roadside grill (preparing lamb kabobs), Panshir Valley, Afghanistan
Reflection from window on pavement looks like DNA strand
yes mr homer i do agree
I found an albino cockroach today
mayochup and the honk
got married in Israel yesterday
my cat scratched arched jimmy! oh no!
suckin on my titties lie you wanted it calling me all the t e
For those living in London and in need of a distraction
this trees branches too!
I made a song about the Tiger King Joe Exotic
Heres why bruhv
Late 19th-century ad for Cocaine Toothache Drops
This tiny garlic
In the UK bottles of Tabasco bear the Royal Coat of Arms - this is because they are official suppliers of hot sauce to The Queen
Found 3 Albino Squirrels in the Same Yard!
My tea froth formed a perfect heart (in my slut mug)!
Perfect toast I made at 2 a.m.
This flower wich is actually 3 flowers
A New Yorker article uses ë to separate prefixes rather than the hyphen
There is just as much snow on the fallen tree as there is on all other trees.
This terrible advice from Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp.
This old thread had aged to a light green on the top two layers, but was much brighter underneath.
The reflection of this pool floaty seems wrong.
damn malaysia heisting for bread now
Water spilled on my bed and it came out in squares.
My phone carrier is now promoting the hashtag #StayHome!
My dog has a grown a T. Good thing we named him Teddy!
Found this growing in my PBR can. Any idea what it is... mushroom? fungi?
These two Zimbabweans first names
The way this carrot slice fits in the finger hole on the cutting board.
Cubed lollipops
2 Egg Omelette became 4 egg omelette after getting 2 double yolks back to back.
My jaw breaker came cut in half (not sure if this counts)
This Marlboro cigarettes ad from the 1950's
Canadian coins are magnetic while American coins aren’t
My record came with a cool recyclable download card, excited to watch it grow!
A tile in my bathroom at my cabin in Tahoe is shaped like Texas
The layer of chocolate that was made by my hot chocolate cooling
Prudence the safety goat unpacked
This layer created by my hot chocolate cooling down
I found these wild Doritos plants
1nd and 2nd Generation
These yellow watermelons I saw
Help me Obi Wan, you're our only hope...
The eggs in my pot is having a meeting
this orange from the fruit bowl
Took this photo at a graveyard. The tombstone eroded so that the words “gone but not” are eroded.
idk if im allowed to post this kinda stuff here but im just trying to figure out wtf this interesting slide thing is?
Ice freezing over a river
idk if im allowed to post this kinda stuff here but im just trying to figure out wtf this interesting slide thing is?
My dad borrowed a thermal camera from his job and took a photo of our dog
So rewinding or fast forwarding really fast on YouTube, on a smart TV, results in a dog running across the screen really fast from left or right
Before and After of a 112 year old watch movement.
Back in the 90s I got this to commemorate 1,000,000 sales of “From the muddy banks of the Wishkah” by NIRVANA
I made a wish
Quarantine watermelon (photo by my friend)
This double almond Almond Joy
If you fast forward or rewind something on YouTube, on a smart TV, really fast, a pupper with zoomies will come out of the left side of your screen and run across to the other side!
Google Maps putting together 2 images that were taken at different times.
My crossword puzzle was published missing a full row.
Our towels are dirty so I've been drying my hands with my toddlers pants.
Back in the 90’s, I got this to celebrate 1,000,000 copies of NIRVANA - In Utero
Hand sanitizer donated to my hospital from a company in New Hampshire that normally makes Limoncello
Data Usage for Quarantine Month.
A clockmaker in 1800s used a "springing hare" as a trademark inside his clocks
Fortune cookie with two cookies in it
A Reese’s with two wrappers
My dogs eat has a chunk out of it since birth
The way the milk is seeping its way through my Milo...
My weekly DnD group has found a workaround for the quarantine.
Popcorn kernel looks like plants from Mario
is my nipple size normal?
Incomplete Pop Tab
This ladybug hanging out in the ladies bathroom.
this new sauce is... interesting
This Lizard with 2 tails my gran found
A Fossile My Grandpa And I Found On Pelee Island, ON, Canada That Looks Like A Smiling Cyclops.
Governor Cuomo has pierced nipples
The size of these peppermint seeds
I must say, I felt very important
My dad got his finger stuck in the slider of a telescopic ladder, being held down by all his weight, and now it’s a smurf.
The tattoo they gave my cat when she was spayed is visible through her fur
Just a black puzzle. Interesting to some extent.
A pure white variegated lemon plant
Someone is donating “Fauci recommended” soil. Gave me a good laugh.
Only the red pigment faded away from this baking soda bottle.
Didn’t have any trees, so I made my own for a treehouse.
The shadow cast by my daughters ride-on-car! It caught me a little off guard.
Peeled lemon done by my sibling
Peeled lemon done by my sibling
Peeled lemon done by my sibling
My math homework actually has images representing the things in the problem (skier for skiing problem and flag for flagpole problem).
Gov. Andrew Cuomo has pierced nipples
Wild to see an empty NYC https://www.earthcam.com/cams/newyork/timessquare/?cam=tsrobo1
There’s anchovies in my syrup
About 50 men knocked out in a small room in Hitman
Taiwanese society has aged so quickly that the priority counter at this hospital in Luodong, Taiwan only serves the elderly if they’re over 80 years old
42 year old in quarantine. Making Optimus Prime out of LEGO. Stay Home!
This 1984 Monopoly set, only missing one of the stations
The condensation on my fry container is a perfect circle
This cars Union Jack tail lights
This recycling bin helps you sort metal
These tree branches sort of look like spiderwebs in the streetlight
Ear-shaped stain on a wooden table
The way the snow is accumulating on the garage roof (unheated)
This growth of mushrooms outside my apt
What happen this time?
Cat chameleon
Astronaut Dr. Jessica Meir talking to a near empty NASA Mission Control. COVID-19 is hitting everyone.
This succulent is called "string of dolphins"
My pen broke and a drop of ink fell in my paint and gifted me this
A Gatorade that froze and unfroze repeatedly throughout the winter
I thought I was trippin’
Helpful neighbor’s chalk recipe found on our quarantine walkie walk
The way these icicles formed from a dripping gutter.
Kids drew this in the common garden outside my home! Great advice and amazing artwork! #covid-19
Free manicure: benefit of being a nanny for essential employees
Opened a new bag of Hershey's Kisses and there was one that was not wrapped.
Found on the ground
Apple with a heart
My car needed exactly 12 gallons
I guess Hotel Vacancy lets the hotel should out a positive Vibe! Boca Raton Hotel , Waldorf Astoria Resort
Cleaning and Found this Showbiz Pizza Kan Full of Tickets! Bring back memories?
Old campaign button I found behind a wall in a farmhouse in Ohio.
This non-transparent Old Dutch bag is semi-transparent when a light is shown through.
You can use a smartwatch to browse reddit. Albeit very inefficiently.
The dust to fingerprint ration on my dad's touchscreen in his car
If you want to help stop covid-19 then sit on the couch like a lazy slob! And when you've sat down for so long that you've left a permanent indent on the chair by your butt, you've earned the right to make this 'bathtub guy' face and say 'I've saved the world!'
My local park has exercise equipment
My dog’s fur pattern looks like a heart shape
Keeping busy at home: my wife made a shopping bag from my old jeans
My dumpling has a heart on it
Baby tabasco bottle (2 1/2 inch)
This lawn care business leaves you a complimentary bowl, matchs, and tiny bottle of vodka.
This shop never closed in 25 years, even when its owner died!
Looking into my cars lights. It looks like the edge of the moon viewed from space.
This Kit-Kat bar without any wafers in it.
The fourth fortune cookie didn’t have a fortune.
The way my mirror reflects the light.
This skittle that looks like a bean
Tiny lounges for pet lizards.
When you can’t physically hang out with your friends because of Quarantine, you surprise them with a wine and cheese pairing for FaceTime... then dance for their Ring.
Tree branches form an eye
I fried a tiny egg in a huge frying pan salt for scale
Not the best picture but impressive none the less.
Smiley face made by the rain
My knockoff toothbrush heads have little teeth imprinted on them
A sign made of party cups that says we love truckers
oxygen collected in my aquarium looks like mercury or gallium
Went to mellow mushroom and have been graced with the all seeing pizza eye
The grocery store’s cereal aisle is nearly all filled with fruit loops
These now iconic duos have had such unique and interesting lives, yet are similar to each other in ways.
A message from the owners of the restaurant I work for
A flyer from Chicago in 1918 during the Spanish flu pandemic
A flyer from Chicago in 1918 during the Spanish flu pandemic
I found 3 four leaf clovers right next to each other
This show was made in 2015 (read the description of the show)
A car title from the 1920s
Packing label on a trolley of plants at a supermarket
Didnt have a drone but this is a cool rock maze somebody made behind a church
Packing label on a trolley of plants at a supermarket
Yes, that is the Ice Cream Man during CoronaVirus...and every other neighbor on the street took their kids out to meet him...only in Florida
This Google search
Small patch of grass that was growing under a mat in my backyard
The grass grows in straight lines where the water drips through the deck
Sliced the outermost later of skin several times without noticing until I washed my hands.
Book I just finished has a ruler on the back page.
Two stacks of cereal boxes perfectly fit under the cupboard
Probably not a coincidence but just in case
My dog finally killed her favorite toy tonight, only to find there was a smaller, even more squeaky toy inside!
Deck of cards (French, I think?) with different letters and a 1 card instead of an ace.
That 1 frozen strawberry... (credit to RKF_LEGEND)
That 1 frozen strawberry... (credit to RKF_LEGEND)
This broken concrete piece looks like “&amp;”
A Properly Labeled Mutant Bean
An interesting close up of the virus.
The shirts my girlfriend designed for our work
Wanted to clear my mind and randomly watched a 1913 video and this shit comes up...
This screw never got its threads
Nowadays, many people wear false lashes. Is it still any special to have lashes looking like this? (yes this is me)
What he invented again?
Gotta do what you gotta do
My black cat appears to have stripes. Stripes caused by window blinds.
On a walk with my dog and saw a tree growing around the links on this fence
What he invented again?
What he invented again?
This kid's diary entry looks like a speech from the president
These floating trees in mexico.
An egg that has 2 yokes (and I broke one)
This 100% glass quill i got in Venice
What happen this time?
The place I work is trying to keep truck drivers out of the warehouse by barricading the doors. This has really started to feel like a zombie apocalypse movie now.
This massive garlic clove I came across this morning
My favorite local restaurant is offering carry out options for your grocery shopping needs
This tiny taco shell that came in my box of crackers
Quarantine days like:
I didn’t believe that the tops of ups vehicles where white, but here’s one outside my window.
The way light reflected off this pillow.
Some poor soul dropped their weed in the local Walmart parking lot.
I’m interested to know why they have these on their lawn when it’s neither December nor October.
This concrete looks like a revolver
'vents' on old bridge slats made of slate
My banana split
I can't grow much facial hair. But when I do, it comes in three colors
Chickens left the tip of this pepper which now looks like a pumpkin
2 weeks into selfquarantine...
There was an apple seed in my store bought apple pie bites
2 weeks into selfquarantine...
The cracker in my soup kinda looks like an updoot
The A1 telekom service has now put a #bleibdaheim (Stay at home) net to the cell service bars to keep people at home.
The lines left by bugs on the inside of this bark look like a topographical map
2 out of 8 of my eggs this morning were double yolked
2 out of 8 of my eggs this morning were double yolked
There's 36 Movies Referenced In This Picture...
This slightly smaller recycling trash can
Brazil’s coronavirus outbreak page now has a Brazil themed outbreak map
I caught this bee stinging my wife
A double rainbow after a cloudy day
The seeds inside my apple started to sprout
A half dissolved bath bomb
Local beer brewery is handing these out.
A half dissolved bath bomb
An interesting horoscope.
My grandma is two inches taller than her CVS receipt.
These two merged peanut butter filled pretzels look like they’re doing it doggy style.
My local post office has put up shower curtains as a sneeze guard
I look like Iron and Wine's album cover!
A liger and her cubs
Sorting cone.
This movie channel changed their logo to a #stayhome one
Human’s social distancing = Nature’s social gathering
This dead fish
This tiny smile on a chip
There is a tree growing in the middle of another tree in my backyard
Searching for Super glues and amazon has this gem in the sponsored ads.... I just don't understand... Why would you want superglue and female anatomy stuff. I mean no kink-shaming here but WTF????
This movie channel changed their logo to a #stayhome one
The sun is gently clearing the path
Accidentally blended my blender ball
I caught my dog making the squee! face
This pencil that can never snap.
I found a petrified sea urchin while hiking.
These shadows look like from a game if the shadows were set on low
A short space saving microwave. You can only reach the buttons if you have the door open.
This is a Golden Reel Award from 1986, that my Grandma's brother won.
I left a shot glass of isopropyl on my bathroom counter and a couple of fruit flies drank themselves to death.
Me and my cousin found this inverted flower.
This mosque... (Turkey)
This thrift store uses a bank vault as one of its rooms
Ordered a converter and got this with it
Cut open an onion and found another small onion inside the big onion
Three legged squirrel ,been here over a year . He is doing just fine, not sure if he knows he is only running on three.
Dog eye lashes on my dog.
This puzzle piece in my puzzle that wasn’t fully cut!
Quarantine day 10: I transcribed the entirety of the Dr. Bronner's label (text in comments)
Really bad advice from my chocolate wrapper.
My shower made Texas and the Longhorns
Do you think they waved to eachother?
My reddit updated between me opening the post and me loading more comments
This is the worst sub on Reddit.
This is my counter.
Solar System Planets
Feeding my duck... 15 days in quarantine...
Took the same exact photo of my dad at Golden Gate Bridge 15 years apart
Feeding my duck... 15 days in quarantine...
Took the same exact photo of my dad at Golden Gate Bridge 15 years apart
These oxygen bubbles on my honeysuckle cuttings.
My coffee looks like it’s possessed.
This has to be some cruel inside joke of the butter manufacturers....
I don't know if I should pick Batman or Iron Man to protect me.
My slice of bread has a perfect swirl
This water treatment facility is shaped like an upside-down water droplet
Stocks Today VS my Relationship Map
My book turned 100 this year
Disabled access portaloo
This trowel stains looking like a city
The difference in color in this aged plastic gun
The film that formed over my tea looks like Australia
This fused pretzel chip
This fused pretzel chip
Decided to make a brownie mix that I was gifted ages ago and the noticed the use by date after pouring it in
A Representative from Illinois barely lives in the district he represents.
Our local Aldi has a cat that hangs about outside. He defected from the Lidl next door because they told customers to stop feeding him
My camera did a thing
Give ‘em the Clamps!
This gigantic strawberry. Banana and hand for scale
Turned my fiancée into a south park character
All of these white cars on Jiggity drive. (there are two more off-screen)
As my husband was cutting jalapeños for pickling, it smiled at him.
I am pretty sure this is Julie Andrews from The Sound of Music in disguise.
These little cement filled boots.
This disposable vape from the gas station is shaped like a coffin.
A stain on my bathroom wall that looks like a sweet old lady.
Homemade cake
Found an abandoned beehive in the creek near my cousin's house!
This car I walked past has a 3D sticker.
A building in my city spells out words with the windows.
I just opened yoghurt without any residue on the lid. Ps wash your hands.
Two identical Pyrex bowls. The one on the right was left outside in the sun all last summer as a dog water bowl.
This key to a German made piece of manufacturing equipment has a bottle opener
Found this mini egg in the coop today
My internet provider got a good message
How the worms made little roadways in my driveway after it rained
My potato looks like Ironman after a fight.
We have had this since October, and now Im starting to think it’s fake, it’s almost April
This is the national headquarters for the union of fish and chip shops in the UK.
Bought this book in a online store of used books, here in Brazil. Didn’t knew it was so old, so i updated it
My Chinchilla’s eye, close-up.
My girlfriend was cleaning her room and found her old iPad.
Bottom is a Sandisk Cruzer 2GB usb drive I got for $40 in 2007. Top is a Sandisk Cruzer 64GN usb drive I got for $13 in 2020. How times have changed.
The power light of my work computer doubles as the dot in the “i” of ThinkCentre
Found a totally white rolly polly today
I have the same bedsheets as Fred from Fred: The Movie
This snake with two heads
Vanilla milkshake I left in the fridge over the weekend
This snake with two heads
Today, whilst going through my coin jar, I found an old 1p coin combined with a 5p coin.
The wooden forms left their pattern on the concrete.
I’m at restaurant, and I found this deep fried potato that looks like South America
Chrome thanks medical workers and doctors on the bottom of the tab
Made a snowman and gave it an anatomical body (like a marble statue).
My homework seems to be angry
My homework seems to be angry
My arm after I grinder down some skateboard wheels for sliders on my supermoto bike
First time seeing a Cannabis Amnesty Box.
All the “desks” at my work are last gen solar panels
I_peeled_a_lemon
Accidentally bit my pizza into the bat symbol while waiting to load into a Rust Server
It’s so cold in March here in Russia, that ice formed on my open window.
Bird’s nest in our weath
This solar system!
Local grocery store started selling toys from the 1990s for kids to play with during quarantine.
Weirdly shaped candy corn I found
In crop fields, sometimes you'll see large patches of trees/vegetation that are not mowed down and farmed around. Some of them may be small ponds or gulleys, I guess, but this one happens to be an old cemetary.
This huge chandelier of trumpets at a restaurant
Umbrella smoke
The way that the water splashes off the new plug in my sink.
Inside a pool table
The design on my couch looks like a snake thing
found this to be so
cd with pictures of vacation in mexico from 2004 has 666MB of files. and cd is red
The paint on this door has changed colors after years of smoking
My bananas :(
Sunflower with a petal growing from the center
The design on my couch looks like a snake thing
Puzzle i opened today came with two identical corner pieces :/
In case anyone was wondering who was tinkering with the economy...
Never realized until today that the arrow in Amazon's logo is not a smiley (or only), it actually points from A to Z, perhaps echoing their confidence that you can find everything on their platform.
An Aztec style door I stained today at work
Tried making trdelníks for the first time!
My boyfriend made this during quarantine yesterday. First attempt at paper crafting, quite impressed
When photocopying an image on a phone it won't appear how I thought it would have. I was bored and was curious what would happen... Didn't expect this
The way my nail looks after Lysol spray got on it
Didn't have "Battleship" during quarantine, so my son and I made it!
This is what happens when no one keeps ornamental cabbage trimmed
My grandma is making reusable masks for close friends and family during the quarantine.
The TSA Line This Morning At DIA Was Empty
The view of a soldier in a world war 1 bunker
When you think you finally understand math...
This egg cracked perpendicular to the edge I tried to crack it on
FedEx "delivered" a package in the future! It's not here yet.
The number of patterns on the ground while waiting in line for groceries
I found this sparrow in my balcony tonight. Woke her up trying to take the pic.
That one asparagus really wants to find a way....life always finds a way...
Protective Gargoyle for your home.
Shadow of the car
I have 3 moles on My arm that make a triangle.
Thank you note from Japanese Office Girl
This pringles can I just found in my basement from 1987
Three Smiths Statue @ Helsinki, Finland received facemasks, a virus and a message
I was already floored to find a loaf of bread to begin with, then towards the end I found the uncut present!
My egg looked like a fish. Or a whale.
Simon and Garfunkel accidentally create Sifunkel on their album cover.
Zeeman store on Belgian/Dutch border. Belgian part is closed off due to Corona restrictions, Dutch part remains open.
This fruit snacks that is 3 times the size due to a manufacturing error
My brand new box of pop had an avocado sticker on the first can
The path a plane cut through the clouds.
What happens when you pour heavy whipping cream in a cup of coffee
My mom (baked?) cake on a stovetop.
A wrong number text I got
This yogurt has a spoon in it's barcode.
Got a double yolk two days in a row
Saw a school bus get towed today.
The socket with a USB charger
My other half frantically called me over to see this "pepper smile" on his chips.
My neighbor practicing social distancing.
This chicken nugget that looks like Australia
This bumper sticker/s me and my friend found
My black and white puppy has black and white toenails that match his fur coloring
My cat’s eye
Pullman Hotel in Kuching, Malaysia reminds you to wash your hand during this pandemic.
I’ve got an extra crease. One finger one hand only
Before and after combing out a year-old sheepskin rug
Someone's having a bad day
the way this tomato paste sits almost perfectly inside the pack
The way my second egg broke my first egg.
Little magic trick for y'all to try out in isolation
Video of mirror effect at the right angle.
This wet floor sign looks like two people going for an epic high-five
The result of washing hands dozens of times a day.
This 1 Reeses cup came with 2 wrappers
this hair floating off my palm somehow
Twisted Carrot
Pallet of sod left behind for over a year now. Seems to be a healthy living cube now....
Spraypainted train in Scotland
Spraypainted train in Scotland
So quiet in the UK Midlands, even the deer are coming out in large numbers!
The way this bird stood where all the cables meet
found on our quarantine hike
The way this cut fits into my tattoo
Naturally flavored with natural flavors
Found this rock with my initial on it
8-bit avocado
Repairing an old mirror my grandparents gave to me - found a newspaper between the glass and frame dating back to 1895
Coincidence?
My SO just found out you can see the logo of the back of her laptop through the screen if it is hit by direct sunlight. She has had this latop for more than 5 years.
Jim and Pam - always meant to be together
The difference between the light pollution emitting from South and North Korea.
My dog blends in with the gradient of the comforter
Day 7 Self Quarantine #OreoArt
Modern art at the bottom of the chocolate mug
A small robin egg from whoppers
These wild mushrooms grew into a perfect Mickey Mouse head
This bloody necklace
This egg cracked while it was being boiled.
This odd hail/snow we had today in Stockholm
How only the red ink wore off this sticker on a piece of construction equipment
Patch of grass preserved by a fallen sign
DIA This Morning
Beautiful handmade ceramic plate I saw in turkey with handmade intricate details.. The pic doesn't do it justice unfortunately
My two-factor authentication code from Google this morning.
This statue to mice that sacrificed their lifes
saw this on r/art
Fond a leaf without leaf
My son's puppy has a marking that looks like a chicken.
Decorated a dead tree stump in the garden
I’ve lived in my house for about a year and a half, but I just found this quote on the bottom of my door.. “I don’t need to be inspired anymore, just supported” ~ Kurt Cobain
Never knew who was on my short until someone shared a post this morning about Natalie Portman
This smiley face on the inside of the peanut butter seal
Fast growing trees means environmentally friendly
Soundtrack I downloaded has the album art as the actual game case
Finished my second ring ever! Icelandic volcanic rock inlay - mum loves it! :)
Didn't know they sell 3 pieces of bread for half a dollar???
YouTuber Luke Towan creating an ultra realistic model train set
So they have these testing areas in some stores for your new shoes and... THEY'VE GOT LEGOS!
I found a pack of dice and did this
You can see through leopard gecko's ears
For the quarantine, my local grocery store is selling a bunch of toys only 90s kids remember.
2 year old squished out a mix of play-dohs and noticed it looked a bit like Jupiter
I got one and a half fortunes!
The way the snow fell in the garden this morning
This corrupted image (top for reference)
Turtles on a date.
You can see the exhaust flow in the dead weeds on the wall.
The yogurt stain on my kitchen floor looks like a nauseous coronavirus
Mini-Melon and Obese-Onion
This upside-down tomato can
The cutout leftovers ended up in my box.
My can of tuna has a warning that it contains fish
Spiral tree, found on a walk
Vintage Fridge Revival | 1950's Coldspot Freezer
These Sony AAA batteries which came with my Bravia TV remote are at still working after 12 years of manufacturing!
Corona Virus Latest Numbers, Top 12 [Data as of end of day March 29]
Corona Virus Latest World Numbers [Data as of end of day March 29]
Little Blueberry flower shape
Light switch didn't quite fit.
White computer screen RGB close up.
What's Goin On? with this world?
Golden moon bears look like bears in a lion costume
Spilled milk looks like a ghost.
4 perfectly round, stationary circles. Made up of squares.
4 perfectly round, stationary circles.
This art piece made of oranges by u/witenri
Many people find newspapers of the JFK assassination, but here's a morning and evening edition from a DFW paper.
This picture of our dog (Basil) looks more like a painting than a picture from my iPhone
My network operator placed #stayathome next to it's name
Thats cool
I found a bullet Inside a tree that I was chopping down , don’t know what caliber it is.
These watches called zalsach were initially designed for blind people. You can tell time by touching the 2 magnets
The screws on my electric blanket need a special screwdriver.
this bent spaghettoni
The wear of my analog stick on my Xbox controller after using it for 3 years
This weird red-green hybrid mini pepper I found inside a bell pepper.
This leaf skeleton, slowly becoming one with the ground.
I made this video skit demonstrating how odd it is working airliners with no passengers during coronavirus pandemic
The onion I sliced had another skin inside
Melted some parmesan on a rye crisp. Maybe it’s the quarantine talking, but I think it looks like the Grinch!
My eye which has Central Heterochromia
This sign has a slight studder.
In my country, people are trying to make money by washing hands for a small fee (approx 0,08 usd)
Been living here for 3 years. Just noticed that outlet near the ceiling.
No it’s not
I took this picture right before the dog "eat" the soap bubble
This candle burning
I can defy gravity
This peeled battery
This naturally square sandstone rock, found in Capitol Reef National Park
The post about reading the Skyrim library lines up perfectly with the I'm so smart post about how much they've read.
The pattern of droplets on this leaf
The post about reading the Skyrim library lines up perfectly with the I'm so smart post about how much they've read.
I thought these two were one post. Mildly interesting
the DNA is a nice little touch
All the statues in Šiauliai have facemasks to show what citizens should do .
How this thumb tack remained when I opened the box
The Royal Mail have Social Distancing stamps now...
My Apple Watch from quarantine
This fly has self quarantined inside the time display of my washing machine
Framed Voodoo Doll and the container it was found in. More info in comments
This hotel making a heart out of the empty rooms.
I bought radish and there was a snail in the pack
My history book has the recipe of molotov cocktail in it (in the section about the revolution of 1956)
Inside of an old wasp nest
My grandmother was given this plant in the 1930s by her mother. She’s taken care of it ever since. Who knew plants lived that long?
The example address for this website.
My pancake has a light patch in the middle
This jar of mustard we opened that is filled to the brim
I have corona and my cigarette smiled at me
The ultimate quarantine stockpile food, this cheese is good until the 200th millennium
This book which was designed to be sent to the front lines by the "Feldpost" - german military mailing service during WWII. The back serves as the letterhead and the front as the envelopes flap.
Pixelated Glass Triangles as the Facade of a Building
I took a picture and this happened-
This stone on the beach I found looks a bit like a fossilized Pokémon skull.
Now we have to store pee as well?
A bug in a video game 15 years ago might help in the fight against coronavirus
My dog jumping
This Google search
This snow in the shadow of our home
Here’s what an electric pylon looks like from underneath! [OC]
In my local food store they found a new use for the salad bar! ( salad, unpaced candy, nuts etc is closed due to corona)
Here we go AGAIN. Ladder with shoes.
A bat appears in a latte I made for my mum
Took down some old wallpaper and when u spray the wall with water the wallpaper pattern appears
My chocolate milk powder looks like Australia
Select Chevron gas stations in Canada are offering 10$ off every fill up for all first responders!
You can open a file in plague inc
My dog’s child sleeps weird
Not sure if it’s that interesting but here you go
Hope you like it.
Because of the quarantine,Classes are been taught for 9th graders through tv. Specifically 9th graders because at the end of the year, if the quarantine is over, they have their ''Official Exams'' that gets them into Secondary Classes if they pass it
What happen this time?
My bruise formed into an explanation point. Girls get the weirdest bruises!
India converts train coaches as isolation wards. Each coach to have a doctor and a nurse with 8 cabins. China constructed 1000 bedded hospital in 10 days. India established 6370 bedded medical facility overnight, with a fraction of its cost.
My black/grey cat has two white eyebrow whiskers and one white normal whisker. All the others are black
Pizzamatics.
We’ve all seen this but I encourage you to try it it’s really stress relieving!
A pig statue I found at my aunt's house
Who are we to judge? He's the lawyer.
Super straight surface tension caused by spilling some sort of liquid on floor panels
my confirmation code that was a perfect countdown
These vintage aspirins have crystallized
I made the happiest homemade tortilla ever.
This photo of a storm I took looks like 3 different skies.
hungry and sober
This picture of a storm looks like three different photos.
The magnifying effect of this vitamin
One of the cakes in this were half the size of the other one. None of the others were like this.
Person that painted my sisters room didn’t move the furniture and just painted around it. Same with the stickers she had on the wall
This is $5 in pennies, exactly 500 pennies
2 unrelated subs line up.
JLo and Shakira are like fine wine.
This is how Quarantine affects people. Creativity...
My Father in Law's bird feeding station (wild birds)
This house in Rainer beach in Seattle
Found this guy walking my dog tonight, he had some mud/grass mixture stuck to his face covering his eye so I helped the little dude out and put him back on the side of the road
My cake roll looks like an unrendered 3D model
Sign on traffic light post. No longer need to press button to cross.
I did it! A drained pen.
I collect $5 poker chips from casinos I’ve been to throughout the world. Last week I collected my first European chip from Netherlands.
My Christmas socks covered in COVID-19
My pen looks like a water bottle
My rewards points were exactly half of the total order on Amazon
A Dollar Tree near me sells Surge in 2020
Walmart has mini versions of the children sleeping bags to feel the materials without opening the real ones.
A dog shelter in my city is more than half empty for the first time in 70 years
My potato has an eye that looks like a real eye
Frozen chicken wings formed into a full chicken body shape
My big pill has a little pill inside.
This puzzle doesn't match the box. The box doesn't show the product placements.
Mystery solved? Thanks Google!
A burned Goldfish found in a bag
My sister took this picture this afternoon. Jesus riding Falcor.
The Hanging Tree
my washing machine has happy man on back.
Foreshadowing COVID-19
Oreo guarding the pizza.
I dont know if I love or hate this company's name?
Fixed but still not satisfied
What happen this time?
This Reddit ad that got gilded.
Just opened this pack and the first can I grabbed has an avocado sticker on it
Olympics Social Distancing Flag 2020
This llama’s haircut.
This amazing photo I took of my cat 🐱
Pyramid of Giza from directly above
These amazing Bloody Mary’s To-Go!
My silhouette from an led streetlight
The way my wife thaws bread
The roads near an airport at Hawaii filled with rental cars because there's no tourists to rent them.
This man was a part of perplex city, something similar to a worldwide treasure hunt that had a 100,000 prize. A clue was to find this man. The treasure has been found but not the man despite the dozens of thousands of people looking for him since the 10 years of the end of perplex city.
The way these water droplets lined up on the aluminum grid
The other side is the same way. Must be a shortage of E's
My cat looks like a famous character but I do which one
A snowman I made on one of the rare instances of snow in Texas.
Double banana
My nail polish chipped into the shape of a heart (ignore my disgusting nail)
With the world turned upside down, at least there’s one constant.
My sisters cat pooped one of the Easter Island statues!
Light peaking thru a tiny opening inside a dark garage. 🔥
Babies are born with all of their teeth already in their skull.
Babies are born with all of their teeth already in their skull.
A poem written during the scarlet fever epidemic
The lighting grid above the Ellen Show
If You're Lucky Enough To Have Found Extra Toilet Paper Display It
This 50 year calendar from 1995
Poem written during the Spanish Flu
The way this tree grew around a chain that was wrapped around it in order to block a road.
Some airplanes are equipped with an extendable wind turbine that can be used in an emergency to provide power and hydraulic pressure to the aircraft
Interesting glitch stays synchronized
This airplane has a turbine fan underneath that can be extended during an emergency to provide power and hydraulic pressure to the aircraft
Very black taki
Very black taki
My tomatoes came with an employee introduction
Saw this sand art on the beach this morning
My onion is 2 onions
Found a banksy reference in the wild
Just found a double grape.
This tiny snail I accidentally brought in on my mustard greens.
My grandfather’s T4 tax form from 1947. He earned $2039.11 that year.
This is the Coolest Desktop Setup I Have Ever Seen
To raise social distancing awareness. A TV channel changed the logo of their channel.
This popcorn looks like a gummy bear
Grotesque of a strange creature on the Château de Pierrefonds
This perfectly half-raked yard
My hand sanitizer has the number 69 on the lid
The White Claw Flavor Collection 2 pack I bought came with 6 watermelon and no mango.
What he invented again?
This hand sanitizers with moisturizer looks like semen
My mom always cuts my sandwiches and arranges them in a heart shape
Comparing RedditGift Gallery photos from 2009 to 2020 Shows The Advancement of Photo Quality
These cauliflower-like flowers in Washington DC
Two Fortune Cookes in One!
This tiny "nest" I found on the sidewalk today
These cabbage like flowers in Washington DC
This puzzle from my childhood
This sign from a puzzle from my childhood
Friend made me a Damascus steel ring and it should never rust (cos finger oils)
This rock I found on the beach
I found this to be mildly interesting.
Quaint graffiti for Georgia O'Keefe
Dr.Fauci is one of the editors of my medicine textbook which is used as the standard textbook of medicine all over the world.
I have an astigmatism in both of my eyes. My contacts are thicker and bigger than standard contacts in order to keep them in place and stop them from rotating. In this lighting you can see one of them really well!
This keyboard I saw from r/mildly infuriating (not mine) creates a very wild dot illusion when you look at the spaces between the keys
KitchenAid attachment that peels, cores, and slices apples
The box my incense came in
This helmet shaped OSU puzzle comes with football, jersey, cleat, first down marker, and a helmet shaped pieces within the puzzle
the available colors in google calendar
My instrument has 72 strings and is played with mallets
My wifes grandpa was a DEA agent in LA in the 60's/70's. This is a small collection of drug paraphenalia he confiscated.
My dog peeped at me while I was taking deck pics.
Coffin birth, also known as postmortem fetal extrusion, is the expulsion of a nonviable fetus through the vaginal opening of the decomposing body of a deceased pregnant woman as a result of the increasing pressure of intra-abdominal gases.
Instead of advertising the year of the car, in the hood they advertise the size of the wheels.
The McDonald’s near is taking good safety very seriously! Stickers sealed the bag shut, and our Door Dash driver was wearing gloves.
This West Texas juxtaposition
This giant heart
The new 2020 quarters have bats on them
Let’s see who get it
A photo of my almost sulf-sustaining 6 gallon biotope.
The inside of the wafer is different from the outside
My cellphone provider’s name is now displayed as ‘stay home’
My snowman would like to remind us all to be safe!
My kids chalk arted the fence
I got a peanut butter M&amp;M with no shell.
This paper towel was only half-perforated.
This penis shape that my last three chips have formed.
I was taking a nice shower when I suddenly noticed this guy next to me blowing a load
She has come back a few years now. Don’t worry though, there’s a real male around.
Pyramid’s of Giza directly from above
Strap protected willow tree from anchor wires. Three years later...
My dog is Pennywise
Fire the head cannon
Forgotten for years, I just found these while cleaning my garage. (Yes, they are very dusty.)
Size 28 shoes (I wear size 10 for comparison)
While unpacking storage I found a single tide pod sample somebody in my family got ...
My tree looks like it’s on fire when the sun hits it just right!
About to wrap presents for my son’s birthday. All the boxes that arrived are a different size.
My tree looks like it’s on fire when the sun hits it just right!
i found a perfect coil in my hair
Found a boat in the woods... well, half a boat.
I’m a biology teacher. While putting some notes together for my students (using an ANCIENT textbook) I noticed that the young neurosurgeon being interviewed in this article is Ben Carson. Kinda neat!
These fused together chicken nuggets.
Onion has always been my favorite word because of the way it can fold in on itself forever and ever in a continuous loop.
Been in quarantine so long a spider literally made a web on my keys and ID.
1937-1938 6th Grade Public School Report Card. Pawtucket, R.I.
This strawberry I was eating had very long leaves
Found a bag of beef stew by the river
Rock carvings I saw at a park
I am pretty proud of my snowman!
The telephone poles in my area are hollow.
Found this little guy under a bit of moss sorry for bad quality.
I have an extra joint on my ring finger
A storm lighting up the world with one single lighting bolt, making it look like it were daytime for a split second.
Found this on the beach a few months ago...
Accidentally left this ticket half in the sun/ half under a book for over a year
You can see where my nail growth slowed after each of my four chemo treatments
Controlled range burning in Kansas
Gas prices in 2020
Since quarentine and curfew begun I've been surviving with only spare change I've been finding on my backpack and pants.
This guy riding around on his home-made two-story bike in my neighborhood today
My mom found this newspaper clipping in her mom’s old Bible this morning
15 silver kopeyek (like a cents) of Russian Empire (1903 year)
Pulled this out of the basement , The batteries expire in march 2020, Still shining bright after 7 years
This old Bayer company aspirin bottle I dug up in the garden.
My friend's reflection lined up with a traffic light
This onion after I sliced off the end
We have a work saftey poster in my resturaunt from 1996
The tiniest stop sign in the neighborhood
Fifty state shot glass collection
This bag Frozen french fries doesn't have a text where it should.
This potato eye actually looks like an eye
This tin of Penaten has been in my parents' bathroom as long as I can remember. Apparently it expired in 2004. Mom still uses it on rare occasions.
This ceiling fan looks like a manatee
This saw blade has holes to see through while spinning.
FaceTime with my friend who look like an emoji.
Best parallel park ever.
This car’s license plate
The cat food has a single differently shaped kibble
I found this zebra-colored stone on the beach
A phone that exploded in my microwave
I’m essential but work is slow. Did some spring cleaning under the sink. I found a one gallon bottle of hand sanitizer.
my cactus that looks like Carole Baskin.
This game code I got came in a tiny game case (lighter for scale)
I just cut into an apple and some of the seeds inside had sprouted!
A piece of metal with fingerprints rusted on it
This car needs more pink.
Dogon Stilt Dancers, Mali, West Africa. These guys dress in amazing costumes and do a very energetic ritual dance on stilts!
This banana is as long as my forearm.
This 113 year old tobacco can my dad found in a 150 year old house.
an informational booklet given to my grandmother when she was pregnant with my mom, circa 1960
Commercial Zucchini seed
Apparently I have a subconscious, erotic connection to oranges
Smiley carved into stone above drainage pipe
My instant ramen had little flakes that look like the logo
Must be my lucky day, got 2 for 1........ but now I'm scared to open it
Six leaf clover I found in my yard today
My cats eyes with flash on
A cookie cup. You drink the coffee and then you eat the cup.
My ramen cup was sealed with one peaking out of it
The part not filled with sparkling water is colored
Cows be swimming!
Barbie umbrella stuck in a barbwire fence out in the country
My bathroom tiles create a slight grid illusion effect
My bacon looks like legs
My puzzle came with a duplicate edge piece
This squirrel feeding perch.
Plants growing out of the holes in this lawn mower
Encountered a silkie rooster today
Finding hidden treasure
This progression of ripeness of my peppers during quarantine.
I got a whole nugget of pure seasoning in my Doritos.
Yesterday we survived an Ef3 tornado. Today I found a 7 leaf clover.
Sanitized my steering wheel, put the heat on and got this cool pattern
My red pepper has another red pepper inside it.
Attending a wedding in March 2020 via zoom from a sous vide powered hot tub in the back yard.
Made a snowman and gave it an anatomical body like a marble statue.
The planets are right. Prepare for the end of the world. Like it didn't start yet :)
Covid 19 symptoms versus flu and others
A regular dog treat vs. the secret final boss treat I found in the middle of the box
This perfectly preserved 50 year old bookmark I found in a thrifted book.
I got a ad about the same person I was watching
One of the Bullseyes at the Uniontown, PA Target has a white nose
This car sticker
This car sticker
These tiles at my local store.
Social distancing @ the mall
Found an old badminton birdie in the ground
The ski slopes in the background look like a guy running with a sword.
Empty Vending machine
SO's bitemarks forms a smiley.
This Square Bubble in my Beer
Found this broken GameGear in the woods and I am going to fix it
The outline of my phone on my jeans
My friends windshield after a acorn hit it.
This guy holding his phone on his head
Moss is growing through the window screen on my shed
A heart shaped potato
Canadian sign referencing hockey sticks as measurement.
6 leaf clover I found while looking for 5 leaf clovers.
A single daffodil found its home in the middle of our lawn.
Canadian sign referencing hockey sticks as measurement.
The greeting at the local 7-11
Random stuffs
Kinda pretty silhouettes of three little birds
The evidence of child-labour on these late-Victorian bricks
My frozen pizza came with extra pepperoni, but I’m not complaining.
The campfire pulled the ok meme on me
1 to 1,000,000
was doing demo in my garage. bought the house back in august. found these full behind one of the walls. cheers!
When you brake a snow sheet in mincraft it first terns into a block the breaks out.
Giza pyramid from directly above.
This one leaf that is half normal and half albino
These 2 gallons of milk bottled at the same plant on the same day, 12 hrs apart, but different brands. Husband and I bought them separately at two different stores 4 days apart. (Essential work and stressed communications be thanked.)
Baby Caterpillar
My onion grew, even though nobody water it or gave it anything.
This useless hole next to a door
Blood vessels running through my cats ear.
I had a Kit Kat bar that had no wafer inside
My plant grew a leaf out of a leaf.
Bird pooped on my window, any guess”s what it it looks like
This is my very first photoshop project
Romanesco Broccoli
This photo of a pyramid from exactly above
Found my Uncles 1996 trophy for something related to 18 wheeling. The tag came off for what it was for...
The way my cat goes to sleep
My package of cheese sticks had a cheese-less stick
This Alabama quarter from 2003 has Helen Keller on the tails side with her name in both print and Braille.
Islamic calligraphy I drew! What do you think?
I think the pressure in my house did this. I’ve had this for 3 days on the counter.
This gas station ad which lost the company name
Fish shaped chicken nugget
This paint separated into water and some sort of solid
My grandfather used all of his hotel/motel keys he received from his job as a traveling salesman and made them into a map of the US
(Credit to u/juhubagainz) This Switzerland house built in the ground.
A picture in my barbershop may not inspire confidence but I swear they’re great!
This long cheeto
Quarantine is hitting my PA student roommate different
Three double-yolks in a row this morning
This tomatoes seeds have started growing inside itself.
Rock climbers bouldering on wall along thoroughfare
I took this picture of New York when I was a junior in high school
Weird looking Mountain Dew BOTTLE
This Costco built screens to protect employees from Corona
This Costco built screens to protect employees from Corona
Tank top I found in a trendy store in Tokyo.
My new PJ pants are made of recycled water bottles !
Stating the obvious
Square stems on my coleus plant
This mug split in two when my husband poured hot water in it for tea. No chips, just perfectly in half.
My hotels front desk in Tunis, Tunisia
This piece of the Berlin Wall that my grandparents own
New plant growing over it’s dead body
My many masks
This French toast looks like the Eiffel Tower
A Nobel prize in chemistry gets you preferred parking at Northwestern.
This drum of "coconut cream" I found while walking in the woods.
Drive-in church
Dew on some weeds.
One of the eggs I just cracked had two yolks in it
There was a little baby mussel in with the rest of the mussels I was eating.
My peanut butter knife looks like a parrot
I noticed my baking mix has added instructions for baking in a higher altitude
This incredibly round lemon.
My airheads wrapper is sideways
[NSFW] This pepper has a package
Standard unit of measure in Canada.
Saving the lives of 2 crawdads while diving for trash &amp; treasure!
I bought a tiny bottle of lotion and got a huge bottle of shower gel as a gift.
Apparently Disney+ ratings will warn you that a movie contains product placement
This is really nice
A mosquito got stuck in the mold for this partition and left an imprint
This tiny bug on my hand
Both eggs I cracked into the pan this morning had double yolks.
This tree man...
This writing on my tofu takeout.
Attended a quarrentine wedding yesterday
Frozen milk gives me Frosted Flakes on top of my Frosted Flakes
My book got woodworm.
Found a grocery list in a book (diary of Anne Frank) I purchased 15 years ago
Inside of a cat toy my cat ripped open
Quarantine + Snow + Germany
Stardew has slightly different wording between Years 1 and 2
My Dad’s mask
Difference of a penny in 19 years. Left 2019. Right 1990. [oc].
The way my Instagram explore feed lines up
Paint Tint Before Mixing
2 doors down from me this man decided to clean his sidewalk differently
I got a triple fortune in my fortune cookie today
Power pylons shaped like goalposts near the Football Hall of Fame
Aftermath of intentional felling of a tree into a house
Crystal and Jasper blood skulls
A house decoration in my neighborhood
My tortoise annoying me and me wondering where is spring at???
This bacon that cooked in the shape of a seahorse
Disney does not display the original photo and only the version on the right.
This mouse on my beer
The floor in La Catedral de Tampico, México
This coin collection at my bf's house.
This ice chunk in my dog’s water bucket was hollow
My yogurt did this
My tissue box that I bought a year ago
A mushroom started growing in my basil
My mobile Network provider on the top left
This cake box has a thermometer which tells you what temperature to store your cake.
Snapped maple branch oozing so much sap that it formed an icicle.
The water on this plate from Mallorca kind of looks like the outline of Spain
American Diet Coke has no protein, while Canadian Diet Coke does...? Perhaps more insects fall into the mix at Canadian bottling plants?
This bottle I've tried to crush folded perfectly..
My daughter found this while rummaging through the pantry...
This billboard for Hope Plumbing says They Really Know Their Stuff
This beetle on my kitchen table looks like a Power Ranger helmet
Individually wrapped and sterilized pen used in medical and ‘clean room’ environments
Social distancing at a press conference
My feet’s reaction to working out after being bedridden for a week. (I’m 130lbs, 5’11, very lean)
Dirt and mud don’t accumulate where the size sticker was on my daughter’s boots.
This is foam produced by the algae remover in our pool (and some pollen)
My leftover paint looks like a leaf
Baguette vending machine in France
This buddah at my grocery store
Found this rock that shows all of the individual layers that it’s made up of.
I found this rock that shows al of the Layers it’s made up of
the way the water is going down my windshield... and i wasn’t turning i was at a stop light not moving
The Worsits have fused.
We have been using this log as a campfire sear for over 2 months, the tree was cut 3 months ago, it is growing leaves back for spring.
This Goose Standing on Top of a Chimney
Donetsk, Ukraine, no filters. Lived here my whole life, seen such a sky only once. Is it due to pollution?
The shadow of my thumb made a side profile
Toothpaste in the cap of the tube
Toothpaste in the cap of the tube
Cmon one more for me bois Sincerely, a gorl
This teespring clothing brand named B.O.S with an odd and interesting lore that I have yet to decipher, it seems like they put up a new design every day with strange dialogue in the description of each object.
The lack of seeds in this kiwi
This company’s automatic response to a support request
Saw a post on here yesterday about a redditor finding a translucent looking leaf and I found one today while mowing grass!
These trees covered with liquen... spooky!
My neighbor built a mosquito out of stainless steal
Found while meal prepping for the week, I've never seen so many different babies trying to grow in one bell pepper
A built in toaster in my kitchen
Cmon one more for me bois Sincerely, a gorl
I don't when Reddit started doing this, but they have started showing how many children have liked the comment, which I think is a good way to warn adults to mind their language and content.
This fry sort of looks like Roger from the show Doug
This Graffiti in London
The deli cut this cheese to match the shape of the bread.
Fractal? Apollonian gasket? More like solidified fat on the surface after I poured cold water into a used fryingpan.
The way this camera caught my pupils
The imprint of a highway speed bird strike on our minivan.
This giant basket of laundry
Bored at quarantine, decided to clean up my warehouse. Guess which of these is still working
Haribo Bear in the supermarket.
My fiancé found a five leaf clover.
Fruit by the foot had two feet
Snow on patio furniture, Colorado
The Dutch television is rebroadcasting Spain(1) - Netherlands(5) on the national channel
The graph for TSLA kinda looks like the logo
Same product.... but different?
Finally finished collecting a least one piece of paper money from every country.
How these food container lids match the Nintendo switch
My 4 year old’s doll that she now calls the Covid-19 doll (due to her hair)
Strange looking “smoke-ring” cloud formations appear to change the color of the sky
My daughter’s dinosaur puzzle has pieces shaped like dinosaurs.
My beer foam looks like Eurasia and Africa
This lake in northern Michigan looks like Hermes' foot / the Goodyear logo.
This microwave is intergenerational and still in use, my grandparents bought it when my mother was a child
My sister had a customer pay with a blue $1 Silver Certificate dollar bill today from 1935
Fell off the dishwasher rack and melted on the coil
My mum made masks out of old curtains and hair bobbles
News company promotes social distancing
My car's taillight assembly reflecting the sunlight
The most American egg ever
This sign in a restaurant bathroom is printed mirrored so it reads correctly when you are washing your hands and see it behind you
Picture Book by Truck Drivers Shows Horrors of Clothing Donations
Tree stump that reads ‘Go’
[OC] This pencil from the General Asbestos Company may actually be made of asbestos
Public shaming
A round puzzle my parents just completed
Banana is gone but label lingers on the road.
I took a picture of my cats retina by mistake
I've always wondered why this is.
Here’s what 100 pounds of twine look like.
My daughter's play fridge is set to 97°C
Sound intensity in the street I live. Usually is 65-70db
This BMW Key themed usb drive I have
The carbonation causes the drink to slowly rise above the lid.
I shook my phone while taking a photo of water droplets on my window
This teespring clothes brand with a interesting lore that I cant crack yet, they seem to make a new design daily with little pieces of dialogue...
My grandpa is a honorary texas citizen
My girlfriend made a ball of yarn by tying together hundreds of pieces of scrap yarn
This snow roll from the recent cold snap we had in Tokyo
A silver wrapped Rose cone that i found in a box full of normal ones with colorful wrapping.
Panzani puts mesurement on the side of packaging, so you know how much pasta you need.
Just received four consecutive £20 notes from a cash machine.
Local plumber brings hope!
This stain in a dresser drawer looks like a Revolutionary War soldier
this barcode on a tub of butter
Local plumber brings hope.
While in self isolation I developed a new skill: making baguettes
Just occurred to me that you can keep counting on one hand if you switch to Roman numerals. (Yes, I should be practicing that bass instead.)
The serial numbers on these notes that I took out today are in order, but skip the No. 14
The serial number on these notes I took out of an ATM today are in order, but skip the No. 14
The toilet bowl looks like the outline of Wooly Willy.
The way this tree has warped this metal post.
Restaurant implements a policy where all employees are temperature checked before they serve the meals. Pretty cool and reassuring amidst the coronavirus panic
The use of the word "unprecedented" in the US (Google Trends)
My dryer tangled up my sleeves
Accidentally poked my breakfast egg right on the circle of the six
The water in this abandoned 1600s smuggler route acts as a clear mirror of the roof when the light catches it. The water is murky and full of sediment.
Shopping during COVID-19
The Easter Bunny is cleaning Walmart's floors
Saw this winnie the pooh (supposedly banned in china) in Wuhan airport, China - dec 2019
This rock that looks like a biscuit
The paper on my mcdonalds cup melted
This truck in China
This tree where water moved the dirt, exposing the roots
This old Atari console I found in the woods OMG
This Ritz Cracker is folded in half.
Sunlight shining through glasses of water in perfect angle to create these neat patterns
Chalkwork of “wash hands you must”. I saw someone post a monopoly board chalkart and figured to piggyback ours as well.
Peeled an orange this morning, only to find that there was another peel under the peel!
My 2-year comic collection
Went for an orange this morning; this orange has TWO peels..🤔🤔
This shower head in Iceland lets you choose the exact temperature of the water
This massirce Heinz beans (my hand is there for scale)
The strange but logical rhythm of these window shades
This old tapestry on my desk appears to have coronaviruses on it
There's no chance of error.
This huge limb that broke off during a storm and landed perfectly in my firepit.
My dog likes to sleep in the tiger knee position
A 24hr donation campaign in Kuwait for the people affected financially by Covid-19 had ~200k people donate and yielded 9.15M KD (29 Million Dollars $)
One of the colon dots perfectly align with Godzilla’s eye.
This cool eye tree I found
Pokemon; Australian Style.
This high security bike lock
Telstra’s subtle message. Only noticed it today. Please stay home.
A 20 year old metric wrench set with the 10mm still in it
Telstra subtle message. Only noticed it today.
When you decide to cook during quarantine
The shadow from the pencil sharpener looks like a cat resting on a shelf.
This ad offering free Premium Service for agreeing to self-isolate.
Found an onion in an onion while making an omelette
Had to drive through NYC this morning, it’s a ghost town
King of Hearts doesn't have moustache
This tree made of copper wire.
This light switch in my house missing the switch
Different ways of coping with quarantine
A coincidence in r/notinteresting
How my knife broke through the glass while i was washing it
My Pixel 2 XL's wallpaper is a real-time feed of the moon's lunar phase.
The snow that fell during the night didn't melt where our hedge's shadow blocked the sunlight.
This tennis ball has become one with nature
This potato shaped like a heart
My smartphone in 2002 and 2020 (Windows mobile VS Android), the one from 2002 still working perfect
The way my bottles grooves hold this watersdrops.
I found this 32 years old can in my cellar. I didn't know roasted walnuts were ever produced. (Can is empty, my father are the nuts 32 years ago)
Floating egg
A picture I took with my phone camera on max zoom of the upbutton on my PC monitor
Hello. Please take a moment to fill out this questionnaire regarding decision-making patterns in inter-individual. And share with your friends too. It's very important for my thesis. Thanks in advance.
Thermostat indicates quarantine in hell.
This pasta making machine was sold for the equivalent of 67 euro today in 1968 (and it's still in perfect conditions)
The way this candle has burned
9pm Saturday, Toronto, Ontario.
This butternut squash.
Not sure if this is the right subreddit but during my return home I at least got to fulfil a small dream of mine and ride an empty passenger plane.
Emptied a frozen cup of water to find that the contents were still liquidised inside. Cup in a cup.
Was drinking and noticed that the old tag now looks like a demon
I like to make different faces of Nic on my pillow cover #StayHome
Wood floor with a panda face. An old picture I found on my phone.
Wood floor with a panda face. An old picture I found on my phone.
The colouring on this shark looks like an alpine ski slope scene
Fridge pipe leaks perfectly into drain
This avocado leaf looks like a map of suburbia
This transparent leaf I found on the ground.
This picture of an old crypt I took kind of looks like an oil painting
My Dad’s Mask
I'm already confused
I just realised that the grass in my garden grows in a circal. First I thought that there was standing anything but that wasn't the case. I also didn't use more fertilizer.
this remote control in the hospital has only the necessary buttons
I just realised that the grass in my garden grows in a circal. First I tought that there was standing anything but this wasn't the case. I also didn't more fertilizer.
There are 330 Penne Rigate in my 500 grams pack of Barilla Penne Rigatte
This sprinkle i thought looked like a music note
The way Street View stitched these photos together makes it look like this woman is a pair of twins
Magic Dust Keyboard Soft Mud
Pile of wood to encourage bio-diversity. Found 100M off a hiking trail in Sweden. (See comments for translation of sign.
Saw this i’m on the interstate during Christmas last year.
Trucker Camouflage
My flavor packet got caught in the seal.
What he invented again?
Starfish turn there stomachs inside out and eject them from their bodies to feed
This Italian Ice place giving away rolls of toilet paper with purchase.
Cop in a southern Indian state wearing coronavirus themed helmet to deter people from coming outside during lockdown.
The colors can be removed to show the clear packaging
A dead cactus
A dead cactus
A dead cactus
Buildings is downtown San Diego displaying hearts in this troubled time. We're all in this together
Medics in Beersheva taking time to pray
This Pyramid Lamp
This LEGO piece is shaped like a penis
I went back to a mug I left on the sink and tiny bubbles had appeared on the surface in the shape of the spoon
My childhood gumboots from over 20 years ago, turned up at the preschool my work colleague's daughter attends and were taken home by her.
What happen this time?
My laptop creates that weird black dot effect
Me: I don’t believe in signs from the universe. The universe:
How escalators are tested in Mexico City's subway
The clouds this afternoon in Sydney Australia
Me: I don’t believe in signs from the universe. The universe:
This dorito chip that came out shaped like an upvote
Me: I don’t believe in signs from the universe. The universe:
My Pepsi can has created an exclamation point
These social distancing chairs in an airport
Posted this in the wrong sub first, so here we go again. I have not been able to stop thinking about this ladder I saw 2 years ago.
Mandarin oranges in juice turns into droplets for a little bit before it combines with the rest of the juice PS I'm tired so this title may not make sense
My dad waits every year for the day the sun rises just right and reflects along the railroad tracks, Today was that day!
In Canada we use hockey stick measurements
Multi-functional Hanger | A hanger to hang more hangers
Laptop fell but survived a week ago, this came out from the inside of the bezel. (Not kidding)
Tag on my son's coat
The New Zoo Revue (1970) shares the same font as the next James Bond film, No Time to Die (2020)
The condensation from my cup left a smily face
This tilted 'no parking' sign skeptically judging people if they're gonna park there.
A social distancing message printed on an Indian newspaper (posted on r/India)
Pizzeria in Chicago selling $10 DIY kits to help pass time
This claw machine in Taiwan has instant noodles as a prize
This spectacular bronze sculpture was either tossed into the sea on purpose or by shipwreck. Either way, its watery supposed end is why it still exists today. (The pic behind it is shows were it was found.)
Coincidental sequence?
This cat's ocean eyes
The shadow on her leg from the laundry hamper looks like Anakin Skwalker
Coincidental sequence?
My white dog has a black hair growing out.
Day 8 of quarantine: A long grape
This piece of sea glass that naturally looks like the state of California
The way the sunlight creeped up between the the blinds on a painting I bought
This is my toaster.
Pool table shaped like a Kombi
Dr Pepper kitty edition
The size of these eagle tracks in the mud, Cordova Alaska.
Found a mildly interesting screw
This silicone that cured inside the tube.
This frost on my cars windshield on a cold winters morning
This light up mouse has a spider in it.
This toaster is made out of glass
Don’t know if this fits or not but... this is my family playing the board game, Lords Of Waterdeep with my aunt, uncle, and cousin over FaceTime during quarantine! We both own a copy of the game and when one person does something on their side we do it on ours and vice versa.
These tree branches growing vertically
The way this tree fell
Rumours that the cartels were using submarines began in the 1990s, and in 2006 the navy intercepted one off Costa Rica with 3.5 tonnes of cocaine on board. A single narco-sub can carry nearly 8000 kilos, and it's estimated that around 1000 are currently in use.
Rumours that the cartels were using submarines began in the 1990s, and in 2006 the navy intercepted one off Costa Rica with 3.5 tonnes of cocaine on board. A single narco-sub can carry nearly 8000 kilos, and it's estimated that around 1000 are currently in use.
This stain on the ground that looks like a question mark
Cloud split into two colors. Melbourne, Australia
A telephone pole that was perfectly split down the middle with rain.
The inside of my old bowling ball
This potty I just used while quarantined in the ER for Covid in East Michigan.
I f you can't log in, just log in!
My sons leopard gecko shed it’s skin like this.
I f you can't log in, just log in!
This ad went up today at my local bus stop in Glendale California
The physics that suggests our future is set in stone.
Conspiracy theories only.
Made a driveway sized Monopoly board today with sidewalk chalk.
The palm trees at the Tampa Bay Convention Center are planted are an angle to match the stairs.
My beer can had another label under the label.
This near perfect circle of rain just east of Nashville right now
Appropriate for social distancing.
This wholesome AutoMod reply, made me smile
Computer punch card owner's registration form found in appliance instruction manual
The priceless quarantine themed cake my family made for my brother.
This lego flag
I spilled chocolate milk on my mousepad in the shape of a mouse
My Goldfish bag’s opening was shaped like a goldfish.
There was a small fish in the octopus I was cooking.
Canada measures physical distancing by hockey sticks
My girlfriends dog has a white patch that looks like a flipped Idaho, added the shape for reference
How many of you know your stove does this?
Indian railways converts train coaches into isolation ward to fight coronavirus.
The medicine cabinet in my house has a slot for used blades
720p is no longer considered HD on YouTube
This dictionary I found at a yard sale a while back for a few bucks has 2562 pages, including some in full color. Circa 1957.
Food for Thought
This cat's blue eyes
A picture of a beam of light
The way this issue of NatGeo flips saved/lost earth from a futuristic perspective - halfway through you flip and start the other side.
I got exactly 24 cupcakes from this box mix, just like the instructions claim.
Light reflection makes my ceiling blurry to look at.
This driftwood I found on a muddy beach
Local Domino's temp sign has The Noid
This's why you shouldn't hoard toilet paper!
What he invented again?
It looks like somebody is doing science experiments in this house
I had a small giggle when I saw my karma
My takeaway coffee art looked like the Coronavirus
These two crane flies were mating on my patio today
My jigsaw came with extra pieces
My sister's remake of the worm on the string
Giant cootie catcher I made
Dust in a cat scan
Non intentional art on my coffee
This person on my local supermarket today
Cloud in room after magnet quench
This page in my notebook is upside down
I got knifed in the eye 4 months ago, doctors managed to stitch my eye back together. About a month ago they took the stitches out but you can still see the scar.
Google Earth captures it all! This amazing man In India invited 1/2 of his legs to join him on a Sunday walk!
Nice throw lefty!
Unusual table of contents of this book
This Coca-Cola glass holds exactly one can of soda
This poster of a festival raising awareness for visually disabled
This poster about a festival raising awareness for visually disabled
Disneyland Ticket Book (missing the "E" tickets) probably from the early 1980s
I’ve always had a dark patch in my blonde hair. I just buzzed my hair for the first time ever and the dark patch goes all the way down to the roots.
This box looks concerned
Two generations of tree family owning its own land.
These fist shaped sculptures grabbing the window bars
I took a picture of a sleeping squirrel.
It snowed when cherry blossoms were in bloom today in Japan
Buying a canteen bag for $0.01
My Chick-fil-A is in a mall and is closed so outside in a truck they serve but they serve chips not frys
This Goose Giving me the side Eye
This tree’s heart shaped outline
This very little clam I found (my leg for scale)
Found this old well in my backyard
This sheeps tag.
Opened up my chopsticks package to find three chopsticks.
Even baby food serving size has increased - jars from 2020 and 1993 (current contents irrelevant!)
Cinnamon raisin bagel with a single blueberry
Making new friends during quarantine
Virus Decontamination Chamber
i found this plant based dish soap that describes what each ingredient is
My egg has wrinkles
Giant cootie catcher I made
The condensation from my cup made a skull with a bow tie.
A friend in self-isolation noticed something odd about his box dinner.
A lightning strike in the middle of the night. Its pitch black outside.
A lightning strike in the middle of the night. Its pitch black outside.
A lightning strike in the middle of the night. Its pitch black outside.
A lightning strike in the middle of the night. Its pitch black outside.
Self quarantining at my uncles house in Shreveport, Louisiana. If the virus don’t kill him Tito’s will
This crayon bucket makes the book's cover look pixelated.
This double mushroom I found today
My beer predicts the future.
squirrel inside squirrel-proof bird feeder
5000 is apparently the max videos you can like
The little bubbles that formed round my paintbrush when I washed them.
The shadow caused by this cord
My Caprisun has two straws on it (sorry of the slightly bad image quality)
5000 is apparently the max videos you can like
special edition Dr Pepper discovery
This warehouse in Istanbul has some kind of formula painted on the outside.
Puzzle with custom pieces
I found a black snail
Ant’s Butthole
One or my fish got into a little pickle today
These veggies are fractals.
This flight of stairs has an indicator of how much calories you burn each step
This wet spot on my front porch looks like an anime eye
Got these earrings from a thrift store a while back - I just found my grandma’s old pill box with the same design!
Nintendo online uses "Great Britain" to sort the countries of the world but uses "United Kingdom" when displaying names.
These snicker minis are connected
Even this banana looks concerned about COVID-19.
A weirdly shaped lemon.
This store in my towns sign
Senior Parking Spots Painted by the Seniors
This tree growing through a wire fence
Covid Easter game in the walking paths. Look for the green egg.
This plant growing out of a tennis ball.
This plant growing out of a tennis ball.
This plant growing out of a tennis ball.
Clouds in the morning
Mott’s Fruitsations package x3
An old car *filled* with Jerry Maguire VHS tapes
My neighbors made a makeshift tennis court with tape and a net.
My bruise looks like a tiny paw
Hotel had fire alarm on the bed headboard!
Broken motorcycle mirror looks surprised.
The hole in this disc actually takes the place of the hole in the actual weapon seen here, the Monado sword
This tree growing out of an old tree stump.
How makeup can completely change features
This frog on my backporch eating a lizard.
One of the tiles on our patio is shaped like Texas
What exactly happens at these festivals?
My KitKat was constructed incorrectly. The wafers were laying vertically instead of horizontally.
Coca cola from Superbowl XXXII
This lizards tail that we found outside
These projectors look like minions
My neighbors down the road put a mask on their letterbox
My network says “#staysafe” instead of its name
Tonight's beff pasta.
this battery is from january 2000 and never leaked and held charge until january 2020 (Sorry about the rotation)
My boyfriend got a spam call from Antarctica...
Found a tiny but perfectly formed Lemon. Avocado for scale (didn’t have another Lemon).
My pillow stuffing caught a rainbow (from the sticker on my window)
Not your average puzzle. Red fox skeleton I articulated today.
There's a town called "Eromanga" in Australia
Right when you feel like you’re about to identify something in this image, you CANT.
the animal skull i found buried in the desert taking a bath
These 2 mosquitoes having sex on my patio
Happy face fry that looks like a frog
Sealed tube of silicone caulking solidified
My flash-light almost perfectly focuses the shape of the LED inside.
Sequence of articles in my feed.
Recycling a 100+ year old hand hewed beam for the new garden beds
My Reddit age
The lack of detail on this quarter
My city painted these along the beach path to help people keeping their distance
Found a perfect vertical burn on a ritz cracker, I’ve never seen this before.
My toaster has a window to see how toast your bread is.
My car has a Party Mode button.
This block of cheese that was in a package of shredded cheese
the chili pepper lemon on my tree
This boat the city pulled out of my local harbor.
Huntsman using another spiders web to make a net to catch bugs
Found a chicken on the hiking trail today
These old but unused Longs Drug light bulbs in my parents garage.
I purchased new bed sheets, turns out I had a pillow case with the same pattern in my closet.
Dog toy before and after
This super-violent comic book about a vampire, a priest, and his girlfriend travelling across the USA to find God (who has disappeared) that has been bound to look like a Bible.
How the can opener looks like a bird
Separate red and blue light on my small amp shows up as 1 purple light on camera.
Cleaning up the new garage and found this tucked up in a corner.
How this glass broke from hot water
This lemon I picked from my tree.
#quarantine Tampa FL Stay safe!
Dart on dart
Let’s see what you guys got...
The Spanish Prime Minister and his wife look like they could be fashion models
This piece of popcorn that got stuck in the seal.
wtf is wrong with these people?
I got an extra fish filet in the pack
Dent from my elbow on minivan window pad two weeks after driving 18 hours from Chicago to Florida
DIY! Made it myself from pallets! Mint, strawberries and Rosemary so far.
Food trucks made a drive through lane so you can still get your double fried Oreos and roasted corn while on quarentine.
My dads radiotherapy mask for his brain tumour (glioblastoma )
My Mom and I made machine washable reusable masks with filter pouches for our local nursing homes.
Duracell batteries are 0.5mm longer than other brands
The way the paint has cracked on this park sign.
Ever seen a goose in a tree?
Picture I took in 2008, Mount Rushmore from the side.
Don't go this way.
Large hail that came down on my town today.
These skeletal leaves
Ice melting om A windy day!
My chicken strip that looks like the continent of Africa.
Just a kid ready to go in the navy 2002
The spot where bikers try to slow down too late
The reflection of the sun on the pavement gave me a cool rainbow orb effect.
This tree has grown right through the middle of this grave
Unexpected message from a church near me
The location where my service providers name is on my phone has been changed to say Stay Safe
My Brother In Law’s dog has misplaced nipples
Fridge Accidentally Froze Egg, Only One Like That
5 of my lipsticks are Star Wars themed (names in comments)
This picture I took of my Potter plant looks like a framed painting
Where this house is located
My bell pepper had a smaller pepper inside
The way I cut a grapefruit today
A little X on my fingernail
YouTuber’s Rhett and Link painted their walls their own skin color via the color matching machine at hardwood stores. (Source: Rhett and Link vlog)
How my dog fits perfectly where the sun shines
Covid-19-Safe Panhandler
I've switched to an electric mower and now my dog doesn't move out of the way.
My tree has an eye grown into it
This tomato grape
I saw these two double bananas at the supermarket
When fallen acorns are left alone
found the remains of a four leaf clover on st patrick’s day.
Blood turns green at 30ft underwater due to the lack of red light
Finished this color changing puzzle today
Bread dough being pulled from the bowl
The mold of my face I wear during radiation treatment
I’m not sure where this should go but I put the link to Rick Ashley’s “Never Gonna Give You Up” in a QR Code and put it on trees around my neighborhood
I took a picture of a puzzle me and my family did and it looks Photoshopped
I think my egg is the best
Cheetle tree
A local distillery started making hand sanitizer to give to people in the community
Evidence of last night's hailstorm
This height clearance is measured in inches.
Joaquin Phoenix + Heath Ledger face mashup
This cactus that is almost 9 meters high
This penny is slightly silver. (My Grandpa sent this to me saying that he kept it for a while, and got it from someone from the government)
This stain looks like an angry bird.
How small our kittens pupils get.
A cracker on the side of the bag
This adorably Communist notebook was left at my house by an exchange student from China.
My neighbor built a giant grasshopper out of stainless steal
Piece of a tree foslized by water
Bedale Leech house. A Georgian Leechery constructed to keep live medicinal leeches healthy.
Found this snail in a shell while gardening today.
A strangely shaped lemon growing in my garden
Port of Amsterdam
This flosser that was inside a beef jerky bag
This dead tree trunk carved into an animal sculpture with two eagles on the top
This baguette delivery box in France
Two fused matches
The beginning of the promo code.
Cool alligator head at my dad's apartment
These dino cookie cutters still in their packaging from 1987.
Toilet paper with a white cardboard roll
Cleaning dirty tables at my work and come across the this on the giant scrabble board in one of the halls
This orange that gave birth to a mini one
The way these bushes alternate colors.
Here's my super duper emergency only tp from '75 I've had stashed. (Bonus crossword to help with isolation)
In my city all the billboards are about Corona virus
A dove has made a nest right outside of my window.
This shark shaped tar stain on my way to work
This is the way
This xenomorhp frog looks like an alien
Measuring spoons for a drop, smidge, pinch, and hint
Fallen palm frond at park kind of looks like giant lizard; or at least enough to scare me at first
My resting heart rate during coronavirus and in recovery
More hail from akron
Downtown LA During Quarantine
The way this egg cracked this morning
My hometown is making cannoli cream-filled doughnuts with Anthony Fauci’s face on them
Baby Holly tree growing on a rock with no soil present.
The way my tire shop is enforcing social distancing
Stay with your baby. Otherwise his legs will fall off.
The way my wine glass broke
Kids in my neighborhood communicating and staying positive during social distancing.
Got this in the mail today
My first debit card and it made it all the way to its expiration date.
On the credits cards from Monopoly electronics banking, they have the number 1935 as a reference to when the first Monopoly game was released
If you go to a dead page on Amazon, you also see a "Dogs of Amazon" which is one of their employee's pups.
This restaurant in Switzerland using gondolas for outside seating
Hollywood put out toilets and sinks for the homeless
US Congressmen have Instagram boyfriends
Owl city knows math
This single rose in a valley of sunflowers
I have a ball that looks like the coronavirus
The iris on my cat's one eye is slowly changing color. It's known as iris melanosis and it's caused by the rapid reproduction of pigment cells in the eye.
the way gravity affected these bananas
A friend in Italy sent a picture of a bird nesting in their car's rearview mirror during quarantine
Me and my dad just found a massive container of dish soap in the back corner of our basement, we've lived here for 14 years and we've never seen it until today
A beaver has almost finished chopping this tree down
One of these egg types is an “organic” wal mart brown egg, the other is from Hens that are actually free range and fed a very healthy diet resulting in a much more nutritional egg.
These two puzzles use the same cutout
Current mood in Atlanta.
Someone at my store just paid with an Eisenhower dollar, coincidentally on the anniversary of Eisenhower's death (March 28)
A bubble made by spitting toothpaste in the drain
This tea set from china with koi fish on the bottom
What the set for The Addams Family looked like in color 1964
The size of this potato chip.
These bananas that have given up
I found a reverse ladybug
Also cars obey social distancing in Norway
These old spray paint chips on the outdoor table looks like an 8-bit dog head.
My local distillery makes these, do not drink the sanitizer
Sign of the times....literally.
This tower I build from pine planks
Someone stole the entire lunchable at my work. Except for the Kit Kat. What's even the point?
Golden Holographic Quarter
Found this on my frontpage
The Map of COVID-19 Cases is Almost Indistinguishable from a Population Map
Bridge restoration project installed pedestrian fencing only over the unused railroad tracks.
The empty streets of Cape Town. Day 2 lockdown. Ft.Table mountain
The roots from our mint plant grew into the shape of the planter
I saw this tree on my hike!
I told my neighbor I was going to place an order for BevMo, and he gave me a coupon. His income is double mine, so BevMo makes him spend an extra $25 to get the $10 discount
When you haven’t played Cranium in a decade and you draw the sculpt something card....
This (almost) perfect cherry tomato.
Family portrait during the Spanish flu 1918
My mobile network has something to say to you.
My local bike trail has a complimentary maintenance station.
Room temperature Reese's cup peeled off cleanly
Dad pulled up a baby palm and up came an old Mountain Dew can it had been growing in
This distillery turned from alcohol production to hand sanitizer production!
The way this sign is slowly growing into the tree
This washed out mayo jar that seems so unmayonnaise jar-ish.
This rather large potato next to my brothers head
Spatula left this print of a bull on my pancake
This KitKat with no wafer in the chocolate...
The difference between these two chocolate covered cashews
The inside mechanism of my front door lock
This straight banana
Tissue went through the washing machine
The fire I had melted the side of the candle
If you search up the name of an animal on google you can view it in 3D using AR.
Clover growing through a mushroom
Combined two bottles of the same makeup remover and they seperated
These fused match heads
My dog has mismatched ears.
This newspaper's way of advocating for social distancing
My local costco has laid out tape for social distancing and closed every other lane
My neighbor burnt his lawn.
This lone grape vine.
Result of a forgotten about item from the back of the fridge. I am sure my former roommate bought these in early fall.
A hotel in Dubai used its empty rooms to sign a heart
Guess I bought too much spicy stuff :O
This drop of Sauce Looks Like it's smiling
A Waffle House in my town has adopted a makeshift drive thru instead of closing completely.
The end of my straw is sealed.
My dog has white eyelashes
Back in December, I purchased a ticket to see Paul McCartney in Naples, Italy this June. Going to frame it and hang it on the wall now.
Human head coin earrings ，so cute .
Happy potato slice says, “Hi!”
This potato I cut in half was Pre sectioned
A few photos from a massive hailstorm we had last night in Missouri
I was at a salvage shop and I thought this was a food item at first, but it’s a light bulb with lighting facts instead of nutrition facts!
Scratched myself, blood’s not oxygenated yet
Found this perfectly broken pretzel in the bag
So last year, almost 2 years ago, I posted a question on how a country could take over another without a military or taking blame.
An eyelash barely hanging on
Construction rubble rounded by the waves.
This Rubik's Cube
These sheep waterers
My frog venom rash looks like ET.
These factory markings on my lettuce
The birds I feed are stealing the thatched roof from my bird table for their nests
The way this grease congealed in this can.
That one coffee bean
Mummified animal on the train tracks.
This Splash of Water that Looks like a Penis
This house decorated the stump after the tree was cut down.
Unfortunate timing
Look at the circles my syrup made! Zoom in and you can see some really small ones!
Turns out after I crushed my hand in a car accident, I severed some nerves in my hand too (middle finger is fine)
Reddit’s double standards
This fungus is just growing in my deck’s wood
This puzzle with lettered quadrants on the back to make it easier to put together
Found an old tree with an elephant's head and trunk in it.
Never seen hail link this
He turned his bike into an elliptical machine
These pens at the hotel.
The barcode on my yougurt has a cow and windmill.
How the rain changed the light going into my car.
my little brother hanged a fly with dental floss
Gross burn (from a tea kettle incident yesterday) that now looks like Comet [OC]
I saw a green stop sign
This tissue paper rose I made out of quarantine boredom
Gross burn (from a tea kettle incident) that now looks like Comet
My milk is the secret agent 420
I bought a pen in that thrift store that was made in the early 80’s. It looks and feels so old!
This plain bagel in my package of blueberry bagels.
This Wall Decoration in My Girlfriend's House
This wasp with no wings...
This wasp with no wings...
This baby tree growing around a tree stump
Almost too perfect
My brand new fake tooth (crown) with a brand new fake filling. (Because the original did, I guess, IDK...)
With so many news about death, my bed started to look like a coffin
Canada’s Public Health agency mailed these pamphlets. It has more info at the bottom.
My sister took a picture with a half submerged came lens, giving us a neat dual perspective image
This chickenwing that looks like a fish
For some reason when I click the lyrics on redbone it doesn’t take me to the lyrics but still changes the background (only happens with redbone so far)
Indian Railways(Global#1, Passenger traffic) converting coaches into isolation care units for COVID cases with Oxygen and other medical facilities. Clean, portable and efficient use of EXISTING infrastructure.
A mosquito trapped inside an airplane's window and since changed color due to constant direct sunlight
A desolate Walt Disney concert hall in L.A 3/28/20
Rocket along the road.
Saw this along the road.
The bird that appeared outside my window
Did something at work!!!
The amount of sap that oozed out of this scrap
This Plantable Leaflet Thing I Got With my Delivery of Beer
First time getting a double yolk in an egg
Boiled crab puzzle
my 1000 piece puzzle contains a duplicate piece
Found this drone disinfecting ar night
My orange had another very small orange inside
The receipt for a pizza place I went to had emojis printed on it
Work colleague has the same bag as my 2 year old.
Blue Apron sent us this NSFW-looking piece of ginger
Room looks like it’s green screened
This over engineered bird nest I found when I uncovered the grill from winter storage.
The way this cloud looks like a spaceship
Someone made a 1000 hopscotch tiles
I found the pot o' gold!
The way this tree's roots grew woven around these pipes
My mother has a ring that her father gave to her from her grandfather, who made it in a bullet factory during World War II (it’s made from a nut)
it's more simple to identify
I took a kaleidoscope picture of my cat
This shadow from my blanket looks like Donald Trump
Vodka and flavored sparkling water makes a less cloudy, lighter-looking drink than gin and flavored sparkling water.
This comune in Italy sends 5 masks to each family.
Baby trees started growing in the middle of this rotting tree before they cut it down
For some reason, I feel like this was a social experiment
This sign outside of a Walmart telling you what is in stock
I made a desk for my bicycle out of cardboard so I don’t have to go outside to ride.
This spiraled egg holder.
In high school I bought my first CD...Found out today it was the first CD ever released.
Housekeeping at the Hartford Hilton showing some love during the pandemic.
It was music week at a kids makerspace. So I had them build their instruments.
2 sides of the same story
Someone put googly eyes on the art in this hospital
My aunt sitting in her car 70s
This gummy bear sat in water all night and poofed up to 3x his size (normal one for reference)
My friends vitamin water has a dragon on it...lowkey want one two
This laptop looks very photoshopped in (it isn't)
Hm
Removing wallpaper in my house and found this. At least a couple decades old.
Woke up to a singe on my bedside table. Took me a lot longer than it should've to realise that my 40x magnified mirror was the arsonist.
If you don't practice, your skills will diminish.
Pinkfong Baby Shark Coronavirus ad I saw on TV. I'm confused how this was aired
About 7 years ago I found this strawBEARy
This sowing needle that broke wall I was sowing me glove
This orchid looks like a laughing monkey.
This tree that looks like it’s growing out of another tree
Someone hung a tree 30 meter up in another tree
Bought a bag of apples from Aldi last week and the seeds inside have already started germinating
The prop used for close ups of the one ring in the Lord of the Rings movies
My moms very old mousepad apparently functions as a cutting board on the other side
me, my friend and my sis at McDonald's got this
The original concept art for cars of Fallout 4, a game based around retro futurism
Even our joint is taking precautions
What happen this time?
My egg this morning had 2 mini yolks
Google didn't Autofill when I typed "Joe Biden Sexual Assault"
The numbers.
What happen this time?
Animated Map Of The Historic Spread Of British &amp; Irish Languages (400-2000 AD)
Stoner Priorities During Pandemic: Revealed
I fried a piece of chicken skin and it ended up looking like the island of Cyprus
Found a little feather in our packet of eggs.
This meme cake
This ice cream
Found this leaf skeleton in my garden
I always wondered how you’d get the ball in there
Sony: More than you know
The frost patterns on the roof of the houses in front of me
My father's setup to work from home
These drops the disinfectant formed on my phone‘s screen. Stay safe, people.
X-ray of a dog who ate a couple toys
The frost patterns on the roof of the houses in front of me
This has remained untouched for weeks on this 5 mile foot path surrounding Microsoft campus - we pass it everyday.
i photo i took and edited because it gave me anime vibes
For some reason our christmas tree is still green.
WWII Britsh combat aircraft "de Havilland Mosquito" blueprint
The spiers fitting perfectly with the sky.
Sun rays through my garage.
This extension cord that has reddot award
Found my VE day commemorative travel card from my first trip to London, 1995
There is a Ring in the flower
This is frozen package chicken is it still safe to eatcdesoite the polka dot/Grid shape design.
Vodafone using #StayHome in their network name
These potatoes are growing tiny potatoes without soil
My dad literally got the highest score that you can get on Yatzy
Fall In Love With My CURRENCY COLLECTION | Being CKR
This 2.8 million views youtube video has only 1 comment
Shadow Frost - Satellite
No wonder she feels so entitled to it..
Clear shot of Los Angeles with significantly less smog than normal due to quarantine.
My pepper had an extra pepper inside
I like winter.
The trunk in this tree looks miss-aligned
These squash look like breasts.
The UPC code on my Splenda box is very patriotic.
Hi folks look at my 3D printed shuttle lamp
This screw inside a ps3 (I think it's a ps3)
The moai heads on Easter Island have torsos beneath their heads
The way my index finger bends after hitting a nerve.
The slow corrosion of having the hand dryer right above the radiator in the bathroom
water fountain for both humans and their pets
This market sells bundles of overripe brown bananas for much cheaper (about 41 cents). Is this a common thing?
So a few weeks ago someone puked in this bucket. We cleaned it out.. and I guess the vomit made the metal melt or something like that ??
The bubble bath leaked through the bottle and formed a meerkat shaped stain.
I found a leaf with only its vein system left.
This sanitizer dispenser
This big purple egg my parents have had in their yard for more than a decade.
Earth is healing without us
Earth is healing without us
Earth is healing without us
This picture of the moon I snapped last night.
Tree stump shaped like a heart
My Brother managed to beat my mum at chess without losing a single piece
Jumped off a bus going 40kph and damaged one of my fingers and lost the line that goes across over 15 years ago
Windmill blade transportation in Madeira Island
It is as if the birds are quarantined also. Our pitfall has not caught any bird .
An almost 100 year old lock case
Fish shop shows who caught the fish and on what boat
The heartwood of this thorn bush I cut, has an eerie yellow color
Weirdly rounded crisp
My phone carrier, Play (Poland), changed it's network name to "PlayStayAtHome"
This banana started peeling itself
Thought this juxtaposition was neat
The way this golf ball shot at a very high speed bounces off an anvil
the anchors in my elbow look like corn
I took a panoramic photo inside a room with color changing lights
The streets of Dubai are being sanitised at night by drones
Snow melt on a golf course
I swabbed my reusable water bottle and took a macro picture.
Turns out these were not mushrooms.
Inside out Oreo half
Received a backwards Oreo half
Current carrier logo with Telstra (Australian phone company) during COVID-19 pandemic
Current carrier logo with Telstra (Australian phone company) during COVID-19 pandemic
I was brored so i made a gun out of peanut
Long exposure of these snowflakes falling
Mojangs words of encouragement for Covid-19
There is a cursor in my jigsaw puzzle picture
This is what refined oil looks like.
The sunrise over the Mediterranean on day 15 of quarantine and the resulting reflection in the hotel behind my apartment
Beaver sculptures
George Orwell's '1984' cost me $19.84
One of my heart meds is heart shaped.
This alone gummy bear from my sour and sweet gummy bear bag
My plant has a distinct face on it
These strawberries have merged together
A roof top bar in NYC last Nov
My box of cornflakes had a flake caught in the seal
A screw in a road surface.
Sign in Toronto talks about length in terms of hockey sticks
An Ice cube with a split in it while being fully intact
Mirrors reflect the wavelength we see as green the best, so technically mirrors are green
These mushrooms on the stump in my front yard
Was looking at the new iPad and realized you could put anything on it.... Anything...
This toilet paper shall be protected by this knight during these times of crisis
Lonely house in my home town
Plant grows around tennis umpire chair
my shorts have a manufacturer's date
Reddit ad on Instagram
This Oreo cookie piece is upside down
My cat puked and made a lizard.
This 57-year-old quarter I found in my backyard
Severed a nerve in my index finger... Half my finger can no longer prune.
I managed to get a pencil stuck in between a curtain
Fractal? Apollonian gasket? More like solidified fat on the surface after I poured cold water into a used fryingpan.
This double-headed gerbera my mother grew
This hot sauce that looks like paint
Coke can found under 50+ year old house.
Found a rock on a walk that resembles the 🗿emoji.
My angel fish are laying eggs!
This graph for noodle texture
My buddy fell asleep with his arms in his shirt and it looks like he has huge tits.
Instead of their company name, my wireless provider changed their banner to say #StaySafe
My alarm system window sticker looks like the middle finger
The way this branch goes over another branch near my apartment
Australians traveling home are now given this and are to quarantine in a hotel for 2 weeks
This catnip packaging
I picked up my prescription from Walmart today and they gave it too me in a Ziploc bag. The above box is how the medication usually comes in.
Bought this book of poetry at a used book store. The Korean translator had signed it and used his pen to update the jacket copy.
Not sure how this bee ended up like this
An ancient Bill Clinton campaign shirt of my father's was unearthed in the basement during "COVID-Cleaning"
Poor guy probably didn't even see it coming...
This reduced-emission truck
I don't know how this happened, but I woke up to this weird pattern on my sink
The 2020 quarters have bats on the back
The address for Sargento’s headquarters
Instead of the normal “fast” and “slow” settings, the warehouse vehicle at my work has “hare” and “tortoise”
My steak looks like the US map
TIL: Sodastream and boiling water don’t mix
I make animals out of binder clips at work, here are a few of them
Ever seen a curved escalator?
This man's outfit is literally on fleek
My mobile carrier telling me to stay at home
The Australian government had to issue a warning to Uber and Taxi passengers to sit in the back seat. This is because Australians predominantly sit in the front seat when travelling.
Don't forget to bring a... t-*owl*! Get it? Because it has *owels* on it?
Pic of wall (post got removed for some reason)
I cleaned my gutters out on my roof today and found a fish in them...the nearest body of water is over 5 miles away.
The fish I bought has the name of the boat and it's captain from which it was caught.
Workers doing repairs on the foundation of my building (from the 1970s) found a well preserved vintage beer can deep underground, presumably from the original building crew. The dirt on top obscured a lot of the top, but interestingly, you can still make out most of the words "Please Don't Litter".
This tree looks like it has eyes
Construction site Danger sign spelling fail spotted on a walk earlier.
I found this on youtube
Did a puzzle with my roommate this evening and there was an extra piece
These coins have wavy edges.
Domino's attached a job application to my pizza box
In my city, bauru (São Paulo), supermarkets have banners to avoid contact with people, because of the Corona virus
More from my fire pit
My dad turned his closet into a makeshift recording studio since he can’t go to the radio station
The way this ice perfectly covers the rock
Pizza Hut is using these boxes even though March Madness has been cancelled, and now all the words take on new meaning.
My chip looks like a heart
A mosquito trapped inside an airplane's window and since changed color due to constant direct sunlight.
My cymbal was made in West Germany
I wonder how they would have pulled off car jesus? Did they put him on a cross?
gooey almond butter blondie
This cool branch
Frozen ice cup
It's not a competition. Earlier social distancing = earlier things get back to normal. Think of it like sex. You're not getting too close to one person, you're getting too close to every person they've been too close to.
Have an upvote
Woke up this morning and a whole forest sprouted in the mulch
I found a deer tooth in the forest where I work
How people bring balloons back down
Moss growing in bottles in the woods
The Alest of Ales.
These jazz hands on box instructions
These jazz hands on box instructions
This gigantic mushroom, shopvac for scale
There was a spider on outside of my window, and I noticed its three webs with its babies inside.
2 Year Old Paint My Dad Found In The Garage
The lighting in my living room makes my wall look creepy lmao (didn’t edit it)
Missouri Walmart after hail storm.
Breaking bad !
QR code powered pizza pickup oven
Close up of wood burning
What he invented again?
Dominos gave us a blank box for contact free delivery
The way my beard trimmings almost look like a Kanji
This soap bubble on a paper towel
McDonalds Hot and Spicy McChicken for the low price of $99.00 lol!
This Hot Wheels car is for ages 14+
2 year old pain my dad found in the garage
He looks like a spooookky ghost
My cell provider is changing its name on their phones
My neighbor’s very determined violets
My neighbor’s very determined violets
My neighbor’s very determined violets
Local Brewery is Selling Groceries with Beer
Quarantine sunset becomes quarantine train
The snow in my yard was happy to see me.
Someone in my neighborhood has crocheted hundreds of multi colored hearts and put them on poles and trees.
These garlic cloves look pregnant
My girlfriend went to the wet market for food since we're in quarantine and all. The fish she bought had a squid inside.
This Coke Zero I grabbed at work for a little pick me up with a suggestion of whom to share it with!
Getting back to the basics w/ fam during “quarantine”
Mentos when you do the coke experiment wrong
Our front door reveals a bandit when the sun hits just right.
Well...I guess it is meant to be
This graffiti made think kind of deeply of what the backstory is....idk why tho.
This was on my kitchen cabinet and it looks like a guy wearing a hat and a cloak.
Circa 70's or 80's, pristine condition.
My playing cards have topless mermaids
This tree that is growing over a chain that was wrapped around it
Due to Coronavirus, my local park covered up the play structures with orange covering and raised the swing set to prevent kids from playing on them
Los Angeles traffic at 5:30 pm on Friday, March 27, 2020
My pizza came with its own pizza cutter
Wrong way KitKat
My newly opened icecream reminded me of a pandas face
This port for a flux capacitor in my work PC.
The shadow of my Switch controller.
Local target saving you time
This huge piece of mozzarella on my bagel bite
Noticed my apple's skin had grown over the stem
Take out gave roles of toilet paper with the order
My aunt’s indoor bee hive.
So I was getting rid of the remaining Christmas fireworks and these two Christmas flares bonded together while on fire.
Someone peeled off the x and now it says "carma".
Some of these clouds look like Hitachi magic wands
Someone packed my 6pack inside out...
The pattern of these clouds
The batmobile from the 1989 movie
The inside of the Knight Rider car
The pattern on this water faucet looks like a map
Stuck at home, decided to see if I could warm Canadian banknote to get them flat again. SUCCESS ! 150°F for 20 min.
This detergent brick was packed oddly
The corrosion on this water faucet looks like a map
This impossible photo marketing a tiny portable stove
My parent’s fortune cookies match making them together perfectly
Glasses on my cup
These incredibly clean mirrors
These incredibly clean mirrors
My provider has this little hashtag now!
My son’s balloon from his 16th birthday. He just turned 26.
This crumb from my cinnamon roll is shaped like Texas
My cocktail sausages has a nose and tuft of hair
iPhone portrait-mode made the glass disappear
I fell and skinned my hand and it made a cute little heart. [Very mildly NSFL]
i got a folded pringle
I’ll see your buried 7 Up can and raise you these that were found in a wall during demolition.
These Post-Its got their packaging imprinted on them.
When the colors of the leaf decayed this transparent film was left behind.
What is this weird bug i found?
Different times of the day of the Toronto skyline
My double-layered window cloned the moon and a nearby star.
My cats eyes
My parent’s fortune cookies match making them together perfectly
Just keeping a six feet distance from everyone
The way this ice crumbles (w/ crunchy sound)
A cleaned out heart, no longer as dark as my soul
Distillery in Michigan is making hand sanitizer and giving it out with to-go orders while closed to the public
Sharpie markings on my seed tray prevented moisture buildup
Octopus with 98 tentacles found in japan
Found this in my backyard the other day
My reaction when I find a box, with thousands of unopened Jurassic Park cards, while cleaning out my childhood bedroom.
The way the sun was shining meant my drink glowed
Did some coronavirus get on my bath mat?
Eeyore's nose looks vaguely like the reddit logo
My family hadn't moved these clothes hangers in a long time, so a pair of birds made a nest in them and even used some of my dog's hair too
I found a tiny bottle of Guinness while going through my Grandpa’s liquor collection
This egg is squishy
Just picked up dinner and the restaurant employees were not only wearing masks, but they were handing them out “In case I go somewhere.”
Chungus Phone Ad
The NASDAQ today looks like the NASDAQ over 1 year
Infuriating lid
My uncle has a picture of goats in his house
Isolation sunset turned into a train.
The back of a 737 engine
This water bowl automatically filters water for your pets.
Stock is running low, so we had to making our own Toilet Paper (4" Choc Cake)
People practicing social distancing while waiting for take-out pizza
My toothpaste came out as a bubble
This WhatsApp cure
Face masks my mother and sister have been making and giving away to the people who are still working and keeping everybody's lives going at grocery stores, gas stations etc.
This prickly pear cactus is growing out of this palm tree
My kid's accidental bonfire marshmallow burn clearly spells "SUP"
What 10 years of living in hotels looks like.
One of my fish oil vitamin pills is smaller than the others
My new laptop came w/ a micro Lego set of their logo.
Sorry for the bad photo quality. Found this ladybug in a lampshade
And still the Goddess sleeps...
This show from 2015
Prescription bottles with reversible lids that defeat the child lock
My Kit Kat wafers were vertical instead of horizontal.
Social distancing at my local grocery store entrance
In Canada, they measure good social distancing practice by "about the length of a hockey stick"
Wooden Finger I found at the park
lace curtains + rain + light from lamppost make sit look like my window is glittering ✨
Panel at my University is flashing trouble.
Local brewery encourages recycling witb instructions
Whale eats a schoolnof fish
This candy i found
The driver on this learner pamphlet has a blue arm
Someone put a roll of toilet paper in our Little Free Library
Cat with a cat pattern
Potatoe superstitions
This “brick” wall is made of styrofoam
This “brick” wall is made of styrofoam
Messed around with this quarantine picture of the sun setting and turned out like a train running through a tunnel.
Please help me make this girls day
My hospitals new cafeteria queue.
Abandoned cinema
the way this orange molded
Vitamin c-section
A push notification from the county today.
This was the show (1999) where all adults died from deadly virus and only kids are left to build new society, this one is too close to home atm..
These Charts Of Today's Market vs The Year
the way this orange molded
Can’t argue with that
The backyard of my childhood home/parents’ house grows four leaf clovers like crazy
After eating it for a bit, my popsicle started looking like a severed finger
This face mask I made.
I also have bird-shaped scissors
This Keyboard has a Floppy Disk Drive
Tesla’s car models spell out Sexy.
Look at this caterpillar!
This gives me trypophobia
Look at this caterpillar!
Even the Beatles practice social distancing.
Soap bubbles in a dispenser at work
This leaf I found looks like a bird
This photo of Canadian band the Calgary Shades was taken in the early '60s and the white guy's name is Tommy Chong
So whilst I was cleaning. I found a crazy magazine. It’s made from marvel comics and it’s currently discontinued. The final issue was in April 1983. I have no idea on what date this was printed in. It probably doesn’t cost much. But it’s fun to see stuff from the past.
How did you read it?
Cloth medical face mask from the 70’s
The inside of a car antenna
Unopened wrapper (left) doesn’t even have cheese in it
I think I rather watch the East
M Xbox controller has a greeting
My room's floor's friction factor is bigger than my door's hinges' friction factor.
My room's floor's friction factor is bigger than the door's hinges' friction factor.
The egg on the right is almost perfectly spherical.
I gave a presentation of gonorrhea and went on a hike the same day
Nobody likes shrimp flavor instant noodles
A pie tin after being put in the dishwasher
This can of salsa from San Antonio, Texas with a barcode the shape of a jalapeño.
Got this fortune on the same day I found this art at a thrift store
This guys face mask has a face
Heating elements under a sidewalk while it is snowing
This Coca Cola chess set
This brownie
Visual of 100,000. The same number infected in the USA with Covid-19 as of today
This leaf looks like a yin and yang
This is the skeleton of a water tower that's currently being deconstructed.
Found this old 7-UP can buried on my property
Poppadom looks like France.
Half and Half
The words in this word search are in a V shape
A baby cockroach (sorry for bad quality)
This holo pokemon card has no printing.
With a blue bookmark on her head, my cat is turned into the Avatar.
The middle 3 are all aces
Found these conjoined gummy bears in the bag.
The name of this medicine is what it is NOT
Blue containers emitting blue shades into the water.
The thiccness of lens needed for my prescription sunglasses (-9.5 in both eyes)
I realized it about 2 seconds before i took the picture
A pre-9/11 souvenir mug from NYC
My red pepper had an undercover green pepper inside
When I was 3, my mom sat me down and asked me some questions, we recently found this beauty.
These social distancing chairs at my doctors
Don’t blame the bats.
Apparently, if you have a $1 off coupon at Walmart and buy an item that is less than a dollar, they owe you change.
My waffles turned out to be a spider web
Someone paid their respects to this dead squirrel on a nearby trail
I found a five leaf clover while looking for a four leaf one
The drawstring on my pants is fraying into an axolotl
Surprise Flander’s butt in a red pepper.
The upvote button under a microscope
Gummy bear lookin’ garlic
This old truck, redesigned as Mater from Cars.
The text on this dog’s newspaper is Latin
This is the most embarrassing post I've ever made, but... L I N E.
For the first time in weeks r/coronavirus is not one of the top 5
The way these beer cans open
I found a mini mini m&amp;m in the mini m&amp;m bag
The holes left after moving the dart board that was there the last year
My cellphone provider has a nice message
Hydrant installed at dog park.
There is a very bright star or planet right over the moon this evening. Is it the Venus?
Went on a walk and saw a satisfying rainbow gradient of parked cars
glass from a shattered windshield outside my house
This tree ate the sign along a trail
Cleaned up my home office and found this
My weird little slice of bread
My big juicy steak
I have many questions
A Redditor just pointed out that my dog looks like porg.
My left earlobe is shaped like a heart.
Both are still sealed and from the same box!
5 leaf clover
Anyone need a roll?
Two of my Swedish Berries were linked in a way that loosely resembles an old telephone receiver
Glass jar with approximately 4oz of moisturizer that couldn’t be pumped out of the original bottle. IS THAT SPECIFIC ENOUGH FOR YOU, MODS?
The color of my dog’s fur almost perfectly matches his blanket
Missed the lineup a bit, but still...
Blossoms filling in this indentation
Portland, Oregon and Portland, Maine are close to being latitudinally parallel with each other.
My son has a game where you match two halves of different plastic eggs based off of the shape and color inside. This one looks like an updoot.
Six white SUVs waiting in line at a McDonald’s drive thru
Found this tree while hiking
My car shows up four times in the reflection of this guys car
I found a little caterpillar in my store bought basil.
Social distancing stickers at the UPS store. Very clever! Each sticker has a different band lyric on it.
These mints from a vendor company are shaped like mini trucks.
This overly red sun I managed to capture right before sunset
This worm is knot messing around.
Escape Ladder Sales Pitch
String fell on some vinyl scraps in the shape of a 2 at my warehouse.
The sky funneling upwards in NW Oklahoma
This piss stain looks like an AT-AT
This biscotti had the chocolate on the side instead of the bottom
I found 3 extra shapes in my lucky charms
If Jeff Bezos gave all 3.3 million people who’ve just applied for unemployment $10,000 he’d still have a net worth of $80 billion. (I know net worth is not all liquid cash, but you get the point)
It was just what I wanted and I love it!!
The flower petals fell from a tree outside my door
This old keyboard in my parents basement with buttons that take you to different parts of the internet
My egg shaped rocks I use to decorate for spring/Easter.
My mobile provider reminding me to stay at home
Mushroom Growing in Seedling Pot
My mobile provider reminding me to stay at home
A face mask for bearded folks.
this shelter's roof made entirely of gloves
The way the incense burned
This spiderweb/debris has been blowing in the wind for months cleaning the dirt off this pole
The way this tree has grown to reach sunlight.
Amazon gives the estimated download time for dial-up internet.
This piece of popcorn. It looks like a movie character I think, but I can't figure out which one.
These posters go hand in hand.
Unique cloud formation in Oklahoma today.
This snapping turtle swam right up to my boat and stuck his head out of the water to look at me for a minute before swimming away
Find the frog.
My new shirt arrived
This digital game code expires in 2799
Weird bird poop on a railing
How an induction cooktop looks on the inside. Electromagnetic energy generates heat in the pan, but when removed, the surface element is cool to the touch.
My kid found a giant Lucky Charm in her cereal this morning.
Apparently this Chinese restaurant sells Duck Plague
I don’t think that’s how most popular works
Tony Hawk signature on his autobiography Hawk.
This board looks like an ostrich
A tiny mushroom that is smaller than my fingernail
Can of La Croix “defying gravity”
My daughter put her unicorn at the piano and it looks passionately invested
Speed limit at my school is a fraction
How these seagulls are lined up on the roof
This sink urinal bidet combo
The sticky part of this Intel sticker on my computer resembles a circuit board / motherboard
The way this candle melted~
All the trees in the area were cut down except this one
Armin Hansen (1886 - 1957) - View from My Hotel (Monterey Bay)
Someone has put these up around the neighborhood
The way the snow landed after falling from power lines.
This rust stain in our sample fridge looks like a salmon
The way the sun is melting this patch of snow as the shadow gets smaller.
I just found this old pull tab where you pull it all the way off instead of just lifting it up.
This number 5 I just wrote down
This reflection looks like the head of a bird
Old bag of chips found inside the walls from when our house was built
This dog toy’s inside lining tells you it’s time to throw it away
This US shaped piece I found in my 1,000 piece US puzzle.
One of my eggs had twins in it today.
Guy looks like a young John Travolta
These two twin eggs
My dad bought a 17th cetury style plague mask to wear nextime we get groceries.
This very narrow portion of a bridge
This window our in store artist made for the HR office.
I got removed from a match while taking a panoramic picture
Working from home and I accidentally spilled tea all over my workplace. My Fiancé brings out this replacement keyboard with one lowercase letter.
This begonia
The way the back of my phone reflects
Weird clouds look like rolling mountains
I introduce the NT2020V1 Designed for going out and not touching store door handles and also using the stylus at the checkout aisle when paying with your cc or debit cards.
The reflection made on the bathroom door from the entrance door.
Amazon bleeped out dinky dink on my daughters playlist.
The way the ice melted under the tire of this parked truck. OC
Someone ordered a bit too much
This is a wild cucumber shell
Febreezed my couch, the sun is so warm it's steaming my pillows
This failed "zone" painted on the road I found. was fixed when I came back four hours later
The difference between the two where the one on the right has been used outside
This sign that says keep all largemouth bass under twelve feet long.
This round peace of corn
Horse and buggy parking at a Walmart in Amish country
The amount of white cars randomly in this parking lot
This container of hand sanitizer my dad gave me
My friend writes on the lines of his notebook, rather than in between the lines.
I accidentally found this optical illusion. Scroll up and down and watch the image warp!
This store has a buy 3 special but limits you to 2
The amount of moisturizer in the bottom of this bottle after it stops pumping.
COVID-19 has now become sentient, and is now signing for my deliveries
This symmetrical parking lot
The way my egg bursted when boiling
Lowest gas prices I've seen in a looooong time.
I was in a cafe and given a table number, is it seven or eleven?
This 7Eleven/Mobil, while still being built, has it's gas prices as such.
How my coffee settled this morning
The worker responsible for sterilizing doorknobs gave up, did this instead.
This wiki entry
Found a birds nest in front of my house with dog hair and toy stuffing woven into it.
Drawing secant lines
The ice melted and froze together in a way as to stay halfway up the cup
Pringles added an entire serving to their chips
The covers for my gas stove look like a Spider-Man symbol
Two strawberries in one.
This tree’s heartwood has a heart.
I peeled a carrot. Now I have fourteen baby carrots.
My orange juice doesn’t expire for another 28 years
How straight my banana is
I have a tendency of finding things in the forrest. This is the catch of the day.
This cookie in my Cookie Crisp is happy to be eaten.
This abnormally large fruit loop I found this morning.
Restaurant seating people outside to get around the 10 person limit
A beehive viewer inside the house.
I don’t know what to say
This mutant dandelion
This half iced, half filled poptart "glitch" I just got.
Here's a cow i drew by hand in AutoCAD a few months back
With the right lighting, the dust on my marble benchtop makes it look like a milky way galaxy
This L shaped sheet of toilet paper
Kinda makes you wonder
Bottle from of the whiskey distilleries that is making hand sanitizer.
This real cactus my sister bought had plastic flowers glued on top of them.
An owl appeared in our tree
This coin I found
I'll definitely take their advice!
Hyatt Hotel Heart
Wi-Fi robot is crying :’-(
This is what the "Save" Button on the PC is supposed to be. Never knew that...
How straight this egg white is .
Spilled water and Shrek came out to say hello
We made a wood burnt floating map of San Francisco using OSM data (24" x 24"). Includes all major Streets and neighborhoods. Created from 1/4" Maple and offset 1/2" from the Wall.
My cat typed this while I was in the bathroom, I want to know what a Kljdfrd is and why he wants to eat one
A trading card for Armageddon (1998) still sealed in it's original packaging.
The Chick-fil-A drive-thru is handing out Purell wipes with the bags of food.
The feet on the bottom of the PS4 are the PS button symbols
banks closed inside, so this old lady parked and got in line by foot
If you open more then 100 tabs in incognito mode the page counter goes :)
Had a bad tooth removed
This "COVID Castle" my coworker built for social distancing in the office.
There's a red car every three other cars
What happen this time?
Today my egg had a double yolk
Sheldon wearing reddit t-shirt
Drive through COVID-19 nose (brain) swab test
Moved the silverware rack and it's already a game changer.
I just realized what the inside of a twist tie looks like
During online schooling a classmate became a Nyan Cat for their anonymous animal
Piebald Deer
Friend found a random phone couldn’t get in for hours then randomly tried a password Nd got it
The windows on taxis in China have special filters that make the sky appear bluer than it actually is
The evening sun illuminating my cooker hood through the wall vent.
Sorry if I am at the wrong subreddid
This tree in Scarborough, Ontario looks like an eye. Kinda interesting.
Somebody wanted to see the pocketknife i dug up so here it is
This sign at my University with the number for the library police.
This dark spot on a paving stone looks like a hedgehog
This building appears to be trying to communicate.
Clump of snow kind of looks like a piglet.
I accidentally broke this lamp and the filament came out
My cat has a perfect silhouette of a bird on her chest
Wild baby magpie followed me into our house
A dog that I watched had a full-on extra toe on her back legs.
This parking space has an 8 ton limit for TIE Fighters. Also no bicycles
The way the waves in my coffee maker bounce.
This little lamb's markings make him look like a cow. (Photo by me).
Left these potatoes in a dark cupboard.
A cloud that looks like Godzilla
What's inside a 9V battery
When the Americans want their people to feel less fat
Eleven or Seven?
Phone carrier changes name to STAY HOME (translation from Estonian), when you connect to a new cell tower different from your home.
This Bird Poop Looks Like A Note
I've never sen a deformed one like this before!
This design of a Playing Card Deck
Hoped for some eggs during the lockdown but one of my chickens had a bad day.
In "Asterix and the Chariot Race", released in France on 19 October 2017, there is roman whose name is "Coronavirus"
My takeaway food tells me the last recorded temperature of the chef and packing staff
This hotel near me in bangkok lit up their empty rooms in the shape of .... Umm praying hand!
The way the sunlight reflects off my chair's leg to make a shiny ring around it
We checked into the Park Hyatt Hotel in Tokyo and felt like being on the film set of 'Lost in Translation' from 2003.
They didnt stole my Bell just stole the Battery out of it ?!?
This hotel in Belfast also lit up their empty rooms in the shape of a heart.
This tape shows when the box has been opened before
Unintentional Metta
Essential morning traffic. Be safe out there guys and have a good weekend!
My chicken looks like it hasn't got any legs when it sits down
This tomato with mould growing on it
The pattern/markings made on this tree.
Traeger Smokers include beer holders for you to use while building it to go along with their "6 beers till finished" instructions. Also, the box turns into an actual fort for kids with a printed roof, a perforated door to open, and decorations when you turn it inside out.
Bent handle keeps spoon from falling in
This patch of grass looks like a minecraft block
My mother has a cup with the same picture in it
This baby pepper I found inside my bell pepper.
My mother happens to have the same japanese cup
The Big Lie , CIRCUMCISION
My dog turning into a demon...
One of the Cute Lockdown in Pakistan.
Hartford CT’s version of the empty hotel room heart
I see your facial hair swirl and give you a tornado.
Transformer Room.
Transformer Room.
Transformer Room.
I found a shamrock shake in my freezer from 3 weeks ago and cut it into slices for a night time snack.
New Homeowner
The shadow of this thawing meat looks like a regal dog.
Niagara Falls Canada at night. [OP]
Cracked an egg slightly enough not to break
My ant swam through water in a drinker and now can’t go back without drowning.
how much searches for boredom has gone up
Drones sterilizing streets in Dubai, UAE
LVMH hydroalcoholic gel
Vending machine must have malfunctioned and spewed out all of its chips. Unfortunately the door was held closed by the weight.
My Oreo biscuit was put on upside down
My network provider tells me to stay home
The matte surface on the back of my Switch is turning reflective after so much handheld use
My phone carrier is reminding us to stay home
This building next to mine using regular clock on exterior (Korea)
Not all my snickers are snickers!
A bird table
My dying pot of basil started growing shrooms
Chateau Frontenac, Quebec sending some love to all of us
Ear fungus is a type of mushroom
My cat’s toy has a mullet
This bear face in the ceiling
The color on my tv cutting out
Castle Bolton in North Yorkshire, this side is in remarkably good shape
I just came across a dragon eating a knight, not your everyday occurrence in North Yorkshire
3 days in and I've finished all my chores, finished all my hobbies and finished all my Jameson. If this quarantine is not coordinated, it doesn't seem to accomplish the goal. You know what I mean? I'm home, wife works 3 days a week. Tomorrow we get my Grandson for the weekend. How is this secure?
My service provider changed their name.
In Thailand take-out soup comes in a bag rather than a container. (Trying to figure out how to get it into my bowl now without splooshing it all over.)
Amazing street art taken in Memphis
This map with many slight inaccuracies on a school wall
Went for a bike ride this morning, 8:00 to find Asda is rammed. Scary times
Château Frontenac Québec City support
Mercado libre, basically Latino e-bay has updated their logo because of covid-19
Even this banana is straighter than me
My cat looks like it has a hole in it
These weeds quarantining in the shade
World leaders committed to share learnings via video conference for the benefit of us all
Indoor beekeeping... this shouldn’t be okay but here we are.
Greatest don't buy... wait... what???
Why is this ostrich eyeballing me?
I'm the times of Covid19 newspapers using disinfectants during production
Seen in Phoenix
Stay at home due to CoVid-19 and Try out these Top Science Experiments To Do At Home
My grandpa made the Financial Post Magazine. (Man on the left) May 8, 1978
During the lockdown period in Malaysia
Spider posing for portrait (before being escorted out)
These Sugar Crystals growing inside my Maple Syrup Bottle
A colleague of mine cycles to work every day, working from home hasn’t stopped him.
A tree has grown in the middle of the train tracks. Our virus future...
The door to Tim Burton’s old dorm room
My store bought Jalapeño turned red when left in the sun
A man standing on top of a parasail without any safety ropes at a beach in Phuket, Thailand
My vape records how many pulls i’ve done with it (GeekVape Aegis X) (Puff counter on bottom)
Hexagonal paper for drawing organic compounds
Pornhub changed its name to Stayhome Hub
This park bench is chained to another park bench
What happened to Charlie’s face
My blinker stayed completely synced to the car in front, partially because it was the same year, make and model.
This building’s number is also the bike rack.
This piece of wood looks like an ostrich
Balloon dress
One armed kangaroo in Canberra
This star wars inspired fire pit
Log smoothed out after years of rolling around against rocks in the ocean.
What he invented again?
join this
The menthol ball inside a "Crush" cigarette
Charles Manson might be shorter than you thought. 5'2"
I bought economy and got bumped into business class at check in, to an empty cabin
The holes in this gold plated leaf.
Walked past this tube thing in Arizona that looked like a cactus
This Vanilla Orchid is slowly taking over our house
Almost perfect vital signs. (Took them on myself, I'm a nightshift nurse)
Close up of my fire pit
I figured out how to tie a 4 leaf clover on my shoe
My mobile phone company has a message for people when they are on phone data. Stay home people
Marble countertop eroded away after years underneath lemon squeezer
The way my grandpas old zippo tarnished looks like a smiley face
Ants build a bridge with their bodies to reach a wasp’s nest
these two soaps in one bottle
My mobile carrier advising me to be safe
This Bread with the name imprinted on it
This corn perched on chairs affixed to a light pole I saw on my neighborhood walk tonight.
My cat has a bald spot from rubbing on me
2 identical packs of noodles bought at the same time from the same store, but only one of the seasoning packs has the little tab things for tearing them open.
This tomato from my farm only grows in this size and are always perfectly round.
My cheese-it’s box doesn’t have a tab to close it
This power distribution transformer has a house number but no mailbox.
Coffee mug faded after 30 years of use
A woman’s and her dog have the same heterochromia
There are people that pour molten aluminum into anthills and dig it up to reveal these beautiful sculptures.
This “baby” carrot
This almondmilk is now called "non-dairy almond beverage"
Squeez bottlecap fits on mayo jar
One side of my facial hair turns into a swirl near my cheekbone
I hope this isn't real... but 2:34 mins left to snag this bad boy
Just an accident waiting to happen really...
I found this sun bleached black walnut which I thought was cool
What the applesauce is going on with the mirror (From u/fierymedusa13) [woah that mirror] {look at the mirror}
The destroyed wall here looks like hair
This cut piece of my sisters bathroom wall looks like hair
My baked potato was cursed.
The gradient on this plant
2020 PANDEMIC FESTIVAL
Pandemic 2020 Festival 🎊🎉🎏🧴🧴🧧🧧🦠🦠😷😷⚰️⚰️🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇
The pedestrian crossings in Adelaide CBD AUS are entirely automated so there is no need to press the button now.
Left a bale of straw out over the winter, now it’s growing grass
Left a bale of straw out over the winter, now it’s growing grass
His the hero the avengers deserves, but not the one it needs right now...
This stop light impersonating Spiderman
The word, the score
My beer gives you directions on how to best enjoy it
Found time capsule in my yard.
Three double yolkers
This deer skull I found when hiking
I'm a fish
A purse belonging to a 1960 graduate was discovered down beside the locker.
This bike lane label symbol has a helmet painted on
Line to get into Costco in Iwilei Hawaii
My Fortune Cookie
My Ice Cream Looks Like A Clown Fish
LEGO bookend
The portrait formed by the chocolate shell on my mom's ice cream
I gave my mum a Vanilla Orchid for her birthday six years ago, not really realising how big they can get
Teacup that my mum bought in Japan 50 years ago with lady in it that you can only see when light passes through it
Rush hour in Los Angeles
This crosswalk button for horseback riders, 8ft off the ground
This cloud looks like an anvil
The claw on this hammer has another, smaller, claw on it
This small tree is growing around the vine.
This 2020 quarter that, by the way, has a bat on it
This 2020 quarter that, by the way, has a bat on it
This gas station plays the news on the screens while you wait.
Pretty cool sidewalk chalk i saw while i was walking around.
Building at Pearl Harbor doesn’t repair damage from the attack, they preserve it.
Building at Pearl Harbor doesn’t repair damage from the attack, they preserve it.
This cloud looks like a firmly erect penis (Los Angeles)
This sign pointing in the direction of Phoenix I saw from the air on my last flight.
We found this cool Christmas ornament for our dog
My son's teachers came by during extended break and self quarantine and wrote a message in chalk on our walkway
This gas station is playing the news on the screen while you wait.
This display. Why are all the women facing the other way?
This sign pointing in the direction of Phoenix I saw from the air on my last flight.
My son's teachers came by during extended break and self quarantine and wrote a message in chalk on our walkway
The way this chandelier reflects the sunlight onto the wall
This sign pointing in the direction of Phoenix I saw from the air on my last flight.
This time my miles remaining matched the temperature outside
this bottle of hand sanitizer is the shape of a hand
This 90s Hilton Las Vegas souvenir photo cover featuring Bill Cosby
My wine bottle cork had a message on it
Coincidence? I think not
Grapefruits are called grapefruits because they grow in clusters like grapes
The cross-section of this clove of garlic.
The 'John Hopkins University' Coronavirus Map of the US gives me flashbacks of the Verizon Coverage Map that was being advertised...
Bat got trapped outside my window blind got mummified
This penny I was handed in change next to a regular penny. I wonder what its story is.
My Taki was rolled the wrong way
This wine made by a local vineyard is called Duck Walk and I noticed the cork says “Quack!”
This brand of energy drink I discovered on Amazon.
This truck in front of my house has another toy truck as its payload
nutrition label on this orange juice didn't say "pulp" or "no pulp," but "some pulp"
Frog who was perfectly camouflaged with my deck
The Goldfish centipede
Found a cylinder cement block while cleaning my yard
1930s shadow puppets
My downvote Siamese cat
(Sorry for bad quality) A Sikorsky S-64 Skycrane and another smaller helicopter constructing large transmission towers in the distance
This flowerpot left out over the winter grew into a little hilltop landscape.
Toilet paper aisles in Austin TX
2 of the same meme in a row?
My keyboard skin is a visual representation of my most commonly used letters
2 of the same meme in a row?
If you buy the shaped Kraft macaroni and cheese, you get 2 ounces less of uncooked macaroni and cheese.
My keyboard skin is a visual of my most commonly used letters
Origami rose made from paper towel
Gore warning on The Great British Baking Show
While getting some Popeye's after work, I spotted this rainbow cloud, and I have never seen something like this in my life.
WhitePeopleTwitter answers AskReddit question
This hotel near me in New York lit up their empty rooms in the shape of a heart
My carrots grew strangely intertwined.
A garlic with only two bulbs!
This sour patch kids watermelon is all red
Fresh from the garden
These birds shaped like a cheetah.
My Reddit bugged and showed this
This is what's inside a tape dispenser
Moths head and antennae look exactly like Harry Potters snitch.
This puppy shaped mountain in Elazığ, Turkey.
This channel has hand washing adds
This tree grew all the way out of a parking sign
This is what's inside a tape dispenser
The pattern of this burnt out microwave lightbulb.
This brand new gravestone from a US Civil War soldier. He’s been dead 100 years but it’s so fresh and so clean
Found a $2 Canadian dollar bill in near-perfect condition while boredom-cleaning the house
This no parking sign I found
Because of the virus, one of the Lithuanian telecommunication companies tells its users to stay at home by giving them a friendly notification near where the company name is used to be
a frickin shoe stain
This electrical box is wrapped to blend into the nature trail around it. It's nearly invisible on a clear day.
This large pickle chip
Venom Face Mask with Filter - A reddit asked if we could make a venom mask. I would like to know if you guys like it and if I should put it on our Etsy shop.
The way this old remote has worn down from years of my family's thumbs rubbing on it.
Venus flytrap with fresh dinner
This squished piece of avocado kicked under the freezer at work looks like a dinosaur.
Gas is super cheap right now, which is counter-intuitive to keeping people inside
This spider by my house glitters
This perfectly straight banana
My jobsite has toilet paper that doesn't have a tube.
Just want to share this
My food was delivered with toilet paper for some reason
If you ever wondered what a North Korean beer bottle would look like
This house in Saskatchewan was made by two brothers. Half by the stone mason brother, half by the farmer brother.
Water vapour trapped by a bubble in a beer bottle
Can anyone tell me what culture this is from? I bought it for $2 at a market and I love its intricate workmanship.
Social Distancing at Costco
The way the sun coming through the window made my dog look like she has a quest for you
SD cards over the years
This one pink cloud in the sky
This bus in Saigon has Cup Noodles for grab handles
Cars have a cut proof glass. When the glass breaks it breaks into non-sharp edges and more rectangular shapes then shards. This reduces the chance of you getting cut in a car accident.
The avocado Gods giveth. And the avocado Gods taketh away.
Cars have glass that is considered “cut proof.” When the glass brakes it breaks into flat edged squares so the change of cutting yourself on them in a car crash is reduced.
The way this tree chose to grow
When you type in 121G into the site search box.
The dash in my car does this sometimes
Me and three others have the same cake day
My phone reset itself to August 10, 2000 while I had the stopwatch running.
My German cell provider telling it's users to stay home. I didn't even know an edit of that text was possible nationwide!
The drippings from my taco slightly resemble the continent of Africa
Found an old PepsiCola can while on a hike.
Anakin with a hairdo
This old computer I found at work has an "Turbo" button.
Weird mushroom growing on window sill
The way my cat tried to get in
Cardboard from work fell off my cart and landed like this
This old tv remote that has numbers 2-13
These toe nail clippers shaped like feet
Can't ask for a better start to a game of Scrabble
During my walk I came across some old street marking that now looks like a duck
Even the cars near me have started social distancing
This tree grew around a clothes hanger.
This beef jerky includes a dental pick in the package.
My provider in Belgium telling me to stay home in the dropdown menu
The Netherlands is the world's second-highest exporter of food!
Half my pop tart had no filling.
My microwave turn table can hold exactly 16 oz of liquid.
1898 silver dollar, penny for scale.
The ducks in my pool
Finally found the phone/computer cord to my old phone and wanted to finally download the pics when noticed the date on the old phone. WTH???!
This lizard’s iridescent blue scales
I got an ad on a JK Studios video starring the JK Studios members
The way one side of this road has life and the other does not.
This Nebula I accidentally created while at work at an ink factory.
This Frozen Egg
Who the hell microwaved one of these?
This tree looks like it rendered weird (if it were in a video game)
Trees adorned with rainbow streamers in our village for children to spot whilst out on their daily walks during COVID-19 social isolation and also to send out a message of hope in our community.
My cats both camouflaged on separate blankets.
Bird stamp on sliding glass window (it survived)
I think my mutated fingerprint would feel at home here.
This tomato I found forgotten on the counter really likes the sun!
These dog prints in cement
The way this tree is growing
There is a plant growing out of my sink
The coolest barcode
Got my moneys worth out of this 30+ year old coffee mug
This emergency exit during construction at my work.
Aww nuts...I gotta rake this up! 3 squirrels that frequent a Walnut tree in my yard, sat on the same branch all winter &amp; had a buffet. (oc)
Steam and soap residue on the shower door left a butterfly wing pattern.
Bought an onion from Brahms and it sprouted the next morning
My bag of baby carrots had an uncut carrot in it.
This really big Slug
Found this Australia-shaped rock at work
They now have drones to detect corona virus or sick people who should me isolated. Checks temp, heart rate, coughing ect.
I was on a Hello Kitty Themed Flight a couple weeks ago.
Moth or butterfly
Tiny grape compared to a normal sized grape.
One of my neighbors is an astronomer.
This salvador Dali rubiks cube ill never be able to rearrange
A good brew for a pandemic
Just found out my dad has a Apple MessagePad 2000 from 1993.
I was throwing darts with my dad, and i threw one right through the shaft
My friend was making coffee this morning in this mug she has and looked down...
My Google assistant sharing good advice in these hard times.
Yankee Stadium if it Was in Central Park
I managed to make a perfect 7
6 year old rose
The Covid-19 map of the US is starting to look the light pollution map of the US
My town has a mini library at the nature trail in honor of a girl who passed.
A body wash that explains what’s in there
I'm doing Drivers Ed online now
This sign actually being necessary at the hospital I work at.
This roundabout sidewalk that is in the developing part of my old neighborhood.
The toilet roll I use has an extra roll in the middle instead of a cardboard tube.
Also in the UAE, sanitizing process
Breaking two glass. (perfect timing)
Disinfection in the UAE
My dad made a pasta car and TP face out of his quarantine supplies..
One of the few positives of the UK lockdown has been I’ve been exercising more and discovering more of my local park. Found this tree sculpture on my run today
I had no idea that people put adds on clementines.
My father’s ticket to see the Titanic with my mother. It’s in surprisingly good condition.
This mislabeled soy sauce bottle
This truck is pulled up outside my house
Dog being dog 200 years B.C.
This optical illusion in my water jug just now
This Connect The Dots book that has puzzles with over 1,000 dots.
A knitted corona virus telephone booth
This bad ass rock in a random park in France
My town has a little pet cemetery that is equal parts fascinating and macabre.
This plant attaching itself to wood in my backyard
The rubber pads on the bottom of the PlayStation are the symbols.
The moss in between these bricks has fruited.
A bot on Playstation Network preaching anti discrimination??
Moth I saw whose wings look like leaves. :-)
I don't understand the difference between these two functions, can someone explain how they are different if the video being captioned is already in spoken english form?
Firefighter's Memorial Kansas City
This decomposing leaf I found in my yard. Zoom in.
There is a sour scale on the packaging
A random tiny flame at the bottom of the candle melted through the side of it
This chicken strip I got in the shape of a ring.
This moss grew underneath this broken piece of glass bottle that I pulled out of the ground. Lip and all.
House in my neighborhood made a mini-golf course for neighbors to use during the lockdown!
The knots in the wood on my ceiling look like the face of a sloth.
This Big PB M&amp;M (Normal One For Scale)
Uncrushed kool-aid
This giant carrot
We saw 2 fruit by the foots in 1 package. What about 2 mints in 1 package?
A frozen piece of chocolate i found in my freezer which is now rock-hard
This chocolate chip cookie looks like an owl
A local mac and cheese restaurant is offering to sell you a roll of toilet paper with your order
My pizza came with sanitation wipes instead of seasoning.
How my friend’s coffee dried out
Found a backpack from middle school in the closet. Opened a zipper and found this unopened granola bar that expired over a decade ago.
I have a 33 year old bottle of Guinness
A new magic eraser compared to my old one
New peanut butter marmite can be spread on morning Bage.
I was out walking my dog, and saw this painted rock
Received in the mail. They should have spent the $$ on PPE!
This symmetrical art Tapestry has one singular non symmetrical piece in it.
My odometer this morning.
There's a street sign in Russian in my American town. (Bloomington, IL)
The moon changes position depending on where you are in the world: here it’s upside down on equator
The date on this PowerBook G3 can't go any higher than 2019
Chipotle has started to thank people for ordering online as they’ve had to take out all furniture
This is what a baby flamingo looks like
these bananas are yellowing unevenly
Close up of a moth
The size of this banana
The misplaced parenthesis in my book
This All-In-One USB, Micro USB, USB C Cord
These violas look like Tide pods.
The size of this nutrition label, tp for size
This 1943 steel penny
Hand sanitizer with terrible advice.
It saddens me to think of all the people without jobs right now. However, it’s nice knowing I will be employed through these crazy times
The overly sexual advertising of these baby carrots.
Dubai on lockdown
This deck of cards has a blank for a replacement if a card is lost
Apple less ripe under sticker label
Throwback: matchbooks from big chain restaurants.
The pattern my tea made
My dog had his front canine extracted
Restaurant giving rolls of Toliet paper for each Take Out order.
Took a cool photo of my collection of pointy objects!
Coke gave truck drivers where my dad works 6 bottles of coke for working during the corona virus outbreak.
My sister found this train of pizza bites in the box
My Sunchip is a bowtie
Time Magazine Dec. 3rd 1973, during the gas shortage. A Japanese mother stocks up on toilet paper.
The way the water flows
Beaver really loves this tree in particular. He felled it, stripped its bark and has three gnawing places along its length.
An intrestingly shaped coin from Swaziland. I don't know why it's upside down though. Sorry.
Got medicine for my puppy and they called out all the prego women out there.
This old cooking spray can has exactly 836 servings
This bird pooping in midflight
120 year old building blocks.
The company I work for makes bolts and screws, here's one before it's been threaded! So Fascinating.
This little cat engraved in a lightbulb at my work
The shadow in this planter looks like a nature scene
Wondered why that squirrel was running back-and-forth across my fence for the past few months. Apparently he was stocking up in my woodbox.
This drone sterilizing the streets of Abu Dhabi. Credit: u/primous1
My literature teacher's homework
This Jarts set from the 70’s we found in the shed
Little rainbow has visited me during my quarantine.
Floaty dress + bob haircut = Darth Vader silhouette.
The way that this bottle cap is stuck in this fence
I found an old Xbox branded lip balm while cleaning
I was cleaning my room for the first time in 2 years and I found this pen under my little table
The Romania - Iceland football match was canceled due to the Coronavirus, so now they play the game in Fifa 20
I got a piece of pasta that wasn't folded
An empty bag, which used to contain a 'mystery' white powder just landed in my garden.
This guy was staying inside before it was cool. He (unbeknownst to my mom) wintered on her peace lily when she moved it indoors last fall.
The way the wax spilled out the side of my candle
My teenage sister's book collection organized by color.
I present to you 2 things that happened to me this week. A leaf sinking in the snow and what I assume is some random guys pube at a urinal spelling out “on”
Sony Infrared Headphones. I had never seen such a device - yes, I am Gen Z.
This gate caught a tree that fell, leaving a perfectly curved bend.
My spit looks like a fingernail on the computer mouse/hand
My pack of sweet popcorn came with a reversed one
This double flavor lollypop found in a bag if dumdums
Spring in New England is odd. 48 hours between these pictures...
Liquid has been in this cup for so long that it started to seep through
This street sign in my hometown
My puzzle came with an extra puzzle piece
A work at an ink factory and accidentally created my own Nebula.
My BIC collection. All these + dupes and non-BIC lighters/torches = 49 lighters in my house. I have a problem
This pregnant bell pepper I just found whilst making lunch
An air pocket in a plastic fork.
This mutated dandelion in my backyard
This pine board looks like an ostrich
Vintage mountain dew bottle I found in my woods
The buildup on this concrete loading machinery.
two banana halves fused together in the freezer, creating one odd banana
Single serving is only 3/4 of one pickle.
One of the 1950s home movies I bought at an antique store had the same street address as my parents’ first house.
My coffee making the surprised Pikachu face
Why did this happen
Found a leaf that looks like a downvote!
Goose in the pavement
How does this work
This Jenga piece has a code drilled(?) into it
The jokers are much cleaner because they weren't used
My shirt politly asking me not to burn it
What i do to cheese in quarantine.
My pie is not smiling
Water droplets separated by a grid in a baking piece while I was drying the dishes
My grocery store taped off spots to wait in line to practice social distancing. When you get to the end, a worker with a walkie talkie tells you which check out to go to
Nature made a snow penis in the parkinglot at work.
Bark inside of a tree
I, too, have a 23-year-old bottle bottle of Orbitz.
This massive bull acting as an advertisement
This jellyfish glass art
The Telekom updated their network name communicating the message to stay at home.
Scissors shaped like a butterfly
My local newspaper changed the Go section to Stay now that all non-essential activities have been prohibited
My wife inherited this prehispanic era molcajete for making salsa that her great-grandmother found buried in a field in central Mexico. It still works great.
A good use of tax dollars.
My ice cream is frowning
These are the eggs of a zebra finch, Poephila guttata castanotis. US quarter for scale.
This branch I found looks like an elk
Suggestion from Google Play today... let's play Covid-19!!!!
These socks have built in air holes so your feet never get to hot
Found this small gnome house on my walk on the side of the trail.
Niagara Falls is a ghost town due to COVID-19.
L. Pierre Valligny bottle from around 1906, found while digging a trench not sure what it use to hold?
This “hand washing” notice in the restroom at my work. Interesting song choices!
Our attempt to recreate this Queen picture for a Down Syndrome fundraiser
This social distancing elevator
This restaurant in Santa Fe, NM puts a piece of the meat on the outside so you can tell which one it is
These pocket knives and cap gun that I found metal detecting
This entire pack of Gushers was red
Matching patterns
Abbey Road being painted as no one is walking on it in quarantine.
Abbey Road being painted as no one is walking on it in quarantine.
This man flipped over a drainage pit full of icicles during work.
Can't tell if my cat really loves me or hates me...
Massive chicken egg
All the flights out of LGA today fit on one screen.
My moms tiny mouse
This plant that is flowering under the leaf
Soviet soldiers folded their letters in triangles during WWII due to a lack of envelopes. This one was sent by my grandma’s brother in July of 1943 before he went missing, presumably killed in battle. The stamp on top reads “checked by military censor”.
I started to cut a potato open and it has a heart in it
This grocery store has its name branded on their generic Oreos.
Squat if you're caught
This molt of my sally lightfoot crab.
I wanted to upvote and this happened...
Today I cracked a 3 yolk egg. Odds 1:25,000,000
I found a blank screw in the pack
Recreation card from Folsom state prison
The toilet paper I bought comes with a mini-roll inside each big roll for travel purposes
This cheese slicer
I made a wood burnt County Map of Texas using OSM data. Made From 1/4" Maple ply. Offset 1/3" from the wall. Approx. 24" x 24"
U.S. jobless claims over the last 50 years
Vodafone Germany changed its network display to #StayHome
My potato pen for size.
This mask that came with my HDMI to usb-c adapter, ordered through amazon.
At this time of quarantine my soap is trying to tell me something
My McDonalds order queue number is a palindrome (2442).
Vodafone Germany changed its network display to #StayHome
Vodafone Germany changed its network display to #StayHome
A peeld grape
Bacteria colony on homemade vinegar attempt
This Picture of my mom with a dolphin mid-jump, eating a fish, inside the her "heart" (enlarged so you can see it)
This water bottle has a little mountain inside.
On a chart of noxious and prohibited weeds, this one is wearing a hat
Can in the fridge froze in such a way it exploded and sprayed the entire fridge
This pine needle has tiny saw-toothed edges
My apple dropped on my trousers and made a little person shaped stain
8K photo of a supermoon. Try zooming in
My bell pepper had started to grow another inside of it
My eggs are smiling
Every morning, I feel like this house is smiling at me!
Found a chuck-e-cheese coin from 2002
These clouds have jelly fish like black tendrils
My ice cream was smiling too
Livestream funeral due to Corona virus - I live in the uk however I wasn't able to go to a funeral in another country so my mum's cousins at the funeral set up a livestream so those of us who couldn't leave home could see the funeral.
This disassembled water tower
Found this and now I want to make one myself
Hotels.com has a new ad campaign.
A billboard ad bought by ministry of health which translates to: Thanks for everyone who didn't see this this advertisement, stay at home.
My KitKat has no wafer.
This chain of hex nuts coming off of a magnet
The sweat marks on my sleeve.
This ice stalagmite growing outside at my work. Bauer one20 for scale.
This chain of hex nuts coming of a magnet.
The way my coffee stains the milk.
The marker marked underneath the masking tape
Toilet "paper" rolls from my local bakery
The difference between a $90 dollar shirt and a $20 shirt under magnification
It’s okay officer I’m essential
Newspaper in Sweden wants to show some love to health workers by letting readers send a heart!
Went up on the roof to adjust the TV antenna and noticed this hairy spider.
Every light (5 sets) on the main street in my town is RED; never seen that before.
My Venus fly trap is flowering.
Now that we have to stay in, the turkeys have reclaimed downtown. 8:30 am. There’s no getting it back from them.
This is Juan Corona, a serial killer from Mexico who died in 2019. How proud would he be if he knew that a virus that kills thousands of people is named after him?
My eggs are smiling
Difference between $20 and $90 shirts under a microscope
My employer is still making me travel during a global pandemic and I was the only person on the flight. The crew still did all their normal announcements over the intercom.
WFH forced me to clean up my office where I found this unopened bottle of Orbitz. Launched 1997 and discontinued in 1998.
We just found this while gardning, we never even planted seeds?
The effect of sunlight on my dad’s orange shirt
My plantain chip has 2 mirror images of itself
Every light (5 sets) on the main town of my street is RED
Tom Hiddleston's Car Reflection Kind Of Looks Like Steve Carrell.
This little bit of bacon, which fell out my bacon sandwich looks like a bit of bacon.
In this time of social distancing I have one simple wish
Might be pushing the limits of 'mildness', but got a pause from me nonetheless.
Item restrictions have caused an excessive amount of items to be put back at the Woolworths store I work at.
Corporate wellbeing and productivity
Found this smartass in the woods.
I found a senior health insurance advert, starring András Arató
I found a senior health I surname advert, starring András Arató
These circles made outside a grocery shop to support social distancing :)
These circles made outside a grocery shop to support social distancing :)
This old coin
Found these instructions for how to use a voodoo doll
Melted candle wax has just enough tension not to pour out of the hole
Young Sgeldon predicted the Corona virus
Frozen mulch
Outgroth growing on an outgroth of my cactus.
Leaf decomposed into a beautiful structure
Young John Goodman in this 80’s music video
This still actually looks interesting.
A 69 watt lamp from a traffic light.
Running science experiments at home with my kids, but look at the water one! Unexpected results.
The History of The Game "Hangman"
My friend's bread dough made a pattern that matches his countertop
This eggplant has a nose.
Labradorite Crystal
Extremely small set of 12 Japanese made colouring pencils. Bought in the 1980s at a market. Barely used!
Did you know Art Pubs exist?
margarine tub looks like its melting
An extremely small set of 12 Japanese made colouring pencils. Bought in 1980s, barely touched. Some of the English on the front is misspelled.
Connected bubbles in bubble wrap
The way sunlight refracts through this crystal piece
Rainbow unicorn shaped scissors
I take your bird scissors and raise you scissors shaped like a unicorn
This is how hardened superglue looks like once the package (above) is removed.
Bat Skeleton found in Shed, he wasn’t trapped or anything so don’t know why it died..
Coffin seller in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia (OC)
What should i name this creation?
How people reserve track-side seats for the Little Brown Jug from year to year.
This message on my food order
There's a code on this jenga block
The way this tree grew
This page in my book had some stickers that got printed on
My pinky toes do not touch the ground.
Found this tiny orange inside another one
My phone operator got a new name
Took a walk in the forest and discovered a decorated gnome house inside a tree
My Venus Flytrap caught its first insect today! The trap or whatever that’s furthest left.
The way these ripped pants look like Crush from Finding Nemo
Googlin ewadser shows you only 1 line of images.
My keyboard creates the Hermann grid illusion.
These flat-packed organizers look like 3D illustrations of themselves
I got 3 crusts in my loaf of bread
This hotel in Goa has two upvotes
Iron filings over a magnet trace out a strange face
Search trends for "how to cut your own hair"
AMOLED Pixels!
These ramen noodles fit perfectly in my bowl.
A small, independent restaurant placed a massive order of bulk foods and supplies from Shamrock for the community because food in our small town is running out quickly due to COVID-19.
Thats the scratch i got from the baryonyx claw near my knee(See my previous Post)this crap Sharp as hell
My new high powered laser came in its own case with all the other attachments and equipment.
This milk package shows you how much milk is left.
This pencil grows a plant
The heat source for this coffee roaster is basically a jet engine.
The heat source for this coffee roaster is basically a jet engine.
My network carrier changed their name to #bleibzuhause (german for #stayathome)
My network carrier changed their name to #bleibzuhause (german for #stayathome)
My bread is smiling at me.
Left is a trex tooth (3489€ in a sale) right is a baryonyx claw (6456€ they said normal prize,idk)
The way this apple’s markings have distorted
These two brands of coconut milk look exactly the same
These two brands of coconut milk look exactly the same
The heat source for this coffee roaster is basically a jet engine
Just noticed that it says “STAY HOME” instead of the carrier name on my phone
Just noticed that it says “STAY HOME” instead of the carrier name on my phone
Bubbles that formed in my dalgona coffee after mixing
My USB SD Card Reader is happy to see you
This heart-shaped nugget I had for lunch
Fork its a fork
my coffee-milk oracle gave me a guy with a shield today
The wide array of characters in this stock photo.
The wide assortment of characters in this stock photo.
These towers i made out of wooden blocks
The way these slidedoors open
Straight banana
This 3.5" western redcedar plank in my shower represents at least 190 years of growth.
Straight Banana found in our house
These crane shaped scissors I was using to cut fishing line while browsing this sub.
My new alerts from late January
A signal tower pretending to be a tree
My polydactyl cat using his extra toes to balance
What it looks like behind a bowling alley (sorry for the bad graphics)
There was a bee in my raspberry
One cup came bottomless
Scissors also shaped like a bird... except shinier
The revolution begins....?
Paperstain resembles a giraffe
Not very interesting but the outside of this Oreo was placed backwards
The anvils of this micrometer are polished to a mirror finish.
The Spinifex Pigeons have cool mohawks
Aquafina Water bottles glow under UV light compared to fry’s water
The Navy or The Wiggles?
This onion has green onion growing out of it
I got the same post twice in a row
My ice cream is smiling
My pack of gushers cane with all reds
Thanos' love handle looks like a futuristic ninja from Samurai Jack
A duck umbrella
Firemen's Memorial in Kansas City
My bread was happy to see me.
This consumer tag that shrunk and hardened like a shrinkydink when I washed and dried the “dry-clean only” duvet.
The view from inside the hotel makes it look like the ceiling blends with the sky
My pocket knife (ps controller for reference)
this old snap-on toolbox portrait my grandpa had
The commentators on this ESPN show are wearing matching clothes to their quarantine facecam backgrounds
A post about Deja Vu glitched and showed up twice on my feed
Mildly interesting view of my square ice cube spinning in my circular evening bourbon pour.
This lady giraffe made from a stain on my baby's blanket
And I thought no one was traveling. 11:40pm EST
And I thought no one was traveling. 11:40pm EST
The way the spots on my leg line up when I bend it
Found a leaf that looks like an upvote!
Apparently there's a part in this weaving machine called a "slay drive".
Social distancing in vegetable market in India
My box of models got so wet, it activated the waterslide decals on the sheet and stuck them to the bag of bases.
Restaurants are selling draft beer, and cocktails to go since they’re not allowed to have dine in customers.
This pregnant koi fish
The groovy way this sign is peeling
The groovy way this sign is peeling
Propping up his leg, but missing a foot
The new Thai restaurant near me cut steam vents into the takeout box for my pad thai.
Is this boat going forwards or backwards?
Regardless of whether somebody might want to go to NYC right now, I never thought I'd see plane tickets like these in my life. If I wanted to, I could fly non-stop from Austin to NYC tomorrow morning for $35 RT.
All these planes, with no where to go...
Check out his name
This cheesy skull formation on my instant noodles
This perfect 31 / penguin I accidentally made with mustard....
Movie theater temporarily closing because you know. (I don’t want to go Mr Stark)
The pink roots on this Swiss Chard I planted.
Retablo Pulp Fiction scenes from Ayacucho, Peru.
This little egg I found outside my door
Proper Social Distancing
The shadow of my dad’s truck looks like Squidward’s house
The way this hairbrush comes apart for easy cleaning
The shadow of my dad’s truck looks like Squidward’s house
The shadow of my dad’s truck looks like squidwards house
When boredom strikes during quarantine, this is how my dad passes the time..
Water drop on my shorts made a heart
This really old (and loud) light switch
What happen this time?
This Apple corer, slicer and peeler.
This asparagus has asparagus on it
The shadow of my car looks like Shrek's head
The guitar shape on the wall my guitar made
What an entire bag of spinach cooks down to
Defect package Oreos, I had to cut the other half open
Weird screen effect on zoom
Found a deck of Coke a Coca-Cola playing cards from 1992 in a closet full of board games
The size of my cats tail
The game Monster Legends has tips in the loading bar about how to stay safe from the pandemic
My box of 18 frozen fish sticks had 19!
The cool way this pen company makes the barcode look like a pen
I found 3 moves I had never heard of I found at ace hardware all had members of the office cast in them
The top viewed book on Internet Archive's National Emergency Library is "End of Days - Predictions and Prophecies about the End of the World" by Sylvia Browne
This dandelion I found at work that has a ton of heads on one stem
Take what you need.....
The way my bath bubbles congregated
This banana is perfectly straight.
These potholders made of bottle caps my stepmom has from Nigeria
Thanks for the advice pornhu- I mean stayathomehub
Thanks for the advice pornhu- I mean stayathomehub
a building in my neighborhood made a heart out of their windows
The difference in colour in my soil
The way this plant grew a leaf underwater.
Either the way this cheese spread on this cracker looks like a sea lion or I’ve been in the house for too long.
This Mexican Style pizza has corn tortilla chips as a topping.
this path a ladybug took when the mirror was fogged up
Desk fan shaped like a bird
this kit kat with no wafer
My cat has one white whisker
Fully stocked shelves at a grocery store, weeks before pandemic - 2/29/2020
This Coffee Maker Has a Digital Analog Clock Screen
This palm tree has a bush growing on it. For reference, this palm was about 50ft tall.
Quarantine: Day 5
This palm tree has a bush growing on it. For reference, this palm was about 50ft tall.
This perfectly curved spaghettini noodle.
This palm tree has a bush growing on it. For reference, this palm was about 50ft tall.
The ways these vines wrapped around each other.
The callous on my finger has eroded and the skin is supple.
The callous on my finger has eroded and the skin is supple.
The callous on my finger has eroded and the skin is supple.
The callous on my finger has eroded and the skin is supple.
My glasses are almost the same as this snapchat filter!
The barcode on my milk this morning
Hearst Castle- the castle George Hearst built for himself in 1867. He owned a total of 250,000 acres, and had zebras and other exotic animals surrounding the property, living on the hills.
Difference in needle hole between an IV stick and blood donation stick. You’re welcome for the amazing labeling ;-)
This "spork" that my meal came with
This is the message we get on our phones in Puerto Rico every night during the pandemic followed by the emergency buzzing sound
Made chocolate milk. Walked to the room. Bottom just fell out.
The icon on my cat litter closely resembles the cats from Neko Atsume
Our local grocery store installed barriers to separate cashiers and customers
This Watermelon Ring with no hole
My neighbours put a chandelier in a tree
Reddit's font on my phone merges this f and i together. fi
Just in time for coronavirus, the new 2020 U.S. bat quarter.
My soap bottle says “ you turn my world upside down” on the bottom
They...they painted their car in chalkboard paint. What?
This art shows all the phases of the life of a leaf
Pornhub changed their name for the quarantine.
This wrapper never got an energy bar.
This cookbook from the 50's with a three digit phone number
Photoshop his lips over his eyes
The world's potentially fastest boat! (OC)
For those who were sceptical of previous post, here's a different setting of the copper tree.
These people are extremem social distancing with their car at Sonic.
These crystals formed from dried strong salt solution
My 5 year old found a pack of fruit roll ups with 2 rolls in 1 wrapper.
These jellyfish clouds during a cold front
The name of this street (the other street was “that way”)
Someone riding a unicycle down the highway on my way home from work
My cross-linking surgery for kerataconus. Was wide awake with anesthesia.
This 10lb plate with paint splatter.
Weird holes in carrot I cut today
A concrete outdoor foosball table.
The company I worked for are making some shields for our local hospital/clinic with our 3D Printers.
These blue tape lines at my local grocery store to enforce social distancing.
The sky was purple and pink
Every month I have my kids update the calendar in our home so we can all keep track of their activities. They updated it today.
A local pizza place gave us toilet paper with our order
Scissors shaped like a Bird
This badge I found in my grandmother's sewing kit with the symbol of the Fouth United States Army. It must have been my grandfathers
This badge I found in my grandmother's sewing kit. According to the internet its the symbol of the Fouth United States Army so it must have been my grandfathers.
These houses that are close enough to be conjoined twins
I search up “Sea potato” in hope for seals of walruses, but I get this....
I kept selecting potatoes from the center of the pile, until there was only a circular potato arch left.
Found in a bookshop in Saudi Arabia. On the cover they don't even kiss.
How bad is it? People are walking CATS in TX.
The way the sun hit this freshly cut maple tree makes the sap look bright blue!
This gun that uses toilet paper as ammunition is on clearance.
This old toilet paper holder with an ashtray on top.
My house is an almost perfectly preserved time capsule from the early 1980's
The way these icicles froze on this tree outside my house
My mug and notebook are similar in color.
The seagulls in our local pond look like they’re self isolating too
Somebody wrote this Bob Ross quote on the sidewalk
My friend’s African Violet plant bleeds....violet.
My husband is working from home. This dog used to follow me everywhere, sat on my lap, laid by my feet, was loyal to ME...but now? Now, that is all gone thanks to The Rona making my husband work from home. The dog has completely switched alliances, traitorous fool.
A sticker my friend gave me not knowing what my cat looked like, and a photo I took of my cat a few years prior.
Just realized the puzzle I've been working on during social distancing is a cove in Italy
If you have 100+ tabs open google, it gives you a little :) instead of a number
This potato that looks kind of like Baymax
half of my dogs’ eye is white
My photo before and after editing
This hotel in Korea has a carabiner next to the window. This way you can repel down the building in case of fire.
Carry out using tape to mark 6 feet for social distancing.
Sign at my local baseball park (not that there are many games at the moment)
A fire rainbow cloud in the shape of a tornado.
This Delorean .
There was a scorpion in my random gummy mix
This game of hopscotch
My Fruit by the Foot packet had an extra surprise
When seagulls are better at social distancing than us
Got this with my order
My dog’s fur is so long that it comes off in sheets
Captured American Missile Launcher Currently Displayed in Serbia Military Museum from War with USA
My lid had nothing on it.
Bottle I found with plants growing in it
Deckard 2019 vs 2049: I composited two shots from each film.
Pointless fence
My grandpa traveled a lot and loved collecting coins. Here’s some of his collection.
I found a 1940 wheat penny in my jar of coins that I have
Snapple's bottles have a way to tell if your drink has been tampered with
I found a clear quartz point that had been tumbled smooth by the creek on my family's land today
Well at least It didn’t spill...
This vascular sweet potato.
Supposedly there are 28 movie references in this photo.
This blade of grass grew through a clover leaf
This apple corer, peeler, and slicer.
The way LED's in my lamp make my shadow look pixelated
How the second coat of paint peels independently from the first
How this snow is melting off my car
My neighbor has one of 15 licenses to keep a golden Eagle in the United States. Today, he’s introducing his new dog to the Eagle.
My neighbor has one of 15 licenses to keep a golden Eagle in the United States. Today he’s letting his new puppy interact.
Midtown in NYC during the pandemic
Odd glass(?) bowl
The sunlight rays shining down from the clouds
Hmm didnt expect anything else
USB drive does NOT increase your capacity for mental telepathy
The pattern on this wood looks like Mufasa and Chewbacca
How the donuts line up even when they aren't the same flavor
Mosquito caught in the glue of my Radar Detector mount.....
How smooth this deodorant looks (sorry for bad photo)
The beads of water on this bottle look like diamonds
Edinburgh queen street, rush hour/Coronavirus.
How the donuts line up even when they aren't the same flavor
After 12 moves in 3 different states today I found a 13 year old newspaper page in a box of old paperwork we've been carrying around, took a virus for me to go through my shit.
After 12 moves in 3 different states today I found a 13 year old newspaper page in a box of old paperwork we've been carrying around, took a virus for me to go through my shit.
How the donuts line up even when they aren't the same flavor
This stick of incense hanging on for dear life
My grandpa pulled this badge off a Nazi soldier in Italy while serving as a tank driver for the US army.
This old photo from the 80’s of my brother and I. He just happened to hand it to me when I visited him today. The Coronas though.
Just made this perfect “b”!
How my skittle broke when I dropped it
Sugar was growing in my Maple Syrup bottle too!
The tilt sensor on my pinball machine.
Glasses can do some interesting stuff to light
Hay bale I saw on a dog walk earlier. I think it was due to recent flooding.
Woah, a five leaf clover! That's pretty cool if I do say so myself.
My dog has a really long ear hair.
A random patch on sidewalk (below) in the shape of Nepal (above)
Thought this piece of wood looked kinda like a Zebra
My mom’s Lollapalooza ticket from 1991, the very first Lollapalooza
Front vs Back of an Embroidery done by my Great Grandmother
Front vs Back of an Embroidery done by my Great Grandmother
The back of my ocarina has a face.
I have the same mug as Monica from Friends.
This crossed line in the sky from planes/jets
This bird poop on my car windshield that looks like a pretty cows face.
Someone in my neighborhood changed a street sign from “Ave 51” to “Area 51”
My totally normal grocery shopping ensemble
My marker grows hair
If you put Lunchables Pizza in the oven, they become actual mini pizzas
This skittle in my bag (it’s on the right)
This jacket with instructions on turning it into a neck pillow
My Rubik's Cube has levels instead of colors for each side
My job put up plexiglass barriers in between registers as a response to COVID-19.
The decimal point on this one roll of shipping tape at the store is off
Time to go for a walk or something
This light looks like a hung man.
Sunate in England
The way the sunlight reflects off of all but 3 blinds
The weathering on the key rack card shows the shape of the key.
1961 American Civil War magazine
Bird Made of Smoke
The sledding hill my brother and I built in our backyard
The thrown paper in the bin looks like a bull
This Bird Made of Smoke
i left sweet and sour sauce from takeout in my fridge for about 6 months, and it separated into a disc with fluid around it
i’m a nurse at an ER in austria and a guy donated us a ton of red bull because the festival he organizes got canceled because of covid 19
I made an eternal terrarium with Moss and an orchid. This is day 1.
The support system for the giant wisteria I posted yesterday
This highlighter with a transparent tip so you can see what you’re going to highlight.
The way this egg cracked.
This cool pencil eraser
This letter f in my bananas
Two rose leaves merged into one
Latex gloves with a message from the factory worker written on them.
My odometer.
there is no other option !!!
*Not a viagra ad.
My mom made me a different style of mask with filter. How would you guys feel if she made one with protruding teeth and tongues on a mask???
Tattoo shop in Las Vegas, shut down due to vivid-19.
This legend had a mission and completed it
the way most of my dice settled in their bottle
This really really really long foosball table
*Not a viagra ad.
The 1940's powerboat I'm working on has a load of cobblers "lasts" as ballast.
My brother found out that one of our Doritos bags was misprinted.
Heartshaped Beetroot Dropped Out of the Jar.
This tiny train on my fingertip
Left my bottle of washing up liquid on the windowsill and the sun turned it from yellow to transparent
These pants that say "VOTE"
As of 3/24/2020: 6 states and NYC account for 72.43% of the deaths. The other 44 states make up the remaining 27.57%. (All data from JHU.)
This one car has been parked at the Santa Monica pier for 11 days
Conjoined Twin trees
This wears grape I found
Behind the scenes production photo during filming of 'Saga of a Crew' circa 1983 - Daniel R. Christopher Productions
Someone tagged a discarded mini fridge on my curb.
I found this perfect mini tangerine inside of a normal sized tangerine
Leopard Gecko Actress meets her Stunt Double for the upcoming 'The Geckoator' sequel
Someone tagged a discarded mini fridge on my curb.
Only one side of this tree is wet
This Siamese mushrooml
Switzerland now has the most COVID-19 cases per capita, even more than Italy
How the sunlight shines through this window with roller shutter down
This almost 100 year old German 50 million marks note my grandmother left me
This carving in the red rock
I only got half a lifesaver today
The scars I've got from handling chicken have the shape of a bird's feet.
My kit-Kat has light chocolate on the bottom
The car I bought last year had 19 years of reg stickers stuck to it.
Soy sauce be looking bit like the U.S.
[NSFW] This iridescent surface in the eyeball of ungulates is what allows them to have night vision
The stages of my bruise. Roughly the size of a small bowling ball.
The way these tiny cuts wrinkle after the dishes.
Inside of a seedless pepper
Dog still guarding husband working in my office.
This is a real button.
Found a frog on my door this morning, I’ve never seen one like it around here before
the inside of an escalator
the inside of an escalator
Reddit’s fun sometimes
Update. Day 5, the dog’s betrayal intensifies. Now he guards my husband while he’s working at home... in MY office. Such bullshit. I walk by, dog growls. Then we exchange insults.
A mosquito landed on my table
This egg I made that looks like a mug
No mass but you can wipe your ass.
How the heat colour changing plastic changes near the extruder and the hot bed
A random person dropped gummy worms off at our door without knocking and then left
The way these beams of light are reflecting
The frost on the grill cover’s pattern this morning.
This company allows you to upload your own videos and to create "video prints" you can buy
[OC] I'm Italian, I have to take a medical school exam with Microsoft Teams, but there are no more webcams on Amazon!
This misshapen orange
While at home I got out a classic monopoly set and thought while setting up and messing around I was getting a large amount of 6's. I was right one of the dice was rigged with a weight in the 1 side.
Wear and tear of my wooden spoon after 10 years of use
This sticker was stuck on this road sign approx. 10 years ago.
I was building a 3D printer, and there were gummy bears in the box.
This chicken nugget that mildly resembles a dog bone.
Monkeys coming down from the nature reserve into the town. Wondering where people have gone this past week on lock down (Gibraltar)
Sirius is the first star that appears in the night sky.
Every emotional overlap in the movie Inside Out
The amount of aircraft still flying over Europe even during the current pandemic. (It is a LOT less than usual though)
Someone ripped their chip bag and these birds are LOVING it
A fun chalk contest in our neighborhood
This shriveled Clementine that looks like a pumpkin.
The inside of this bell pepper.
The ice coming out of this culvert
India is taking social distancing very seriously
I found a little spider web in the grass with little rain droplets on and all around it
My ghost shrimp and her eggs.
My cheese has a derpy face
This TV channel logo practicing social distancing.
My pjs are the exact colors of the american flag even down to my scrunchie
My old hoodie sheds, and today a tiny pair of scissors fell off
Day 5: Construction of the Corona Lazer begins.
These smooth clouds
This TV channel logo practicing social distancing
I live in Italy and the authorities are disinfecting the roads of my city
This metal horse sculpture
The ozone layer is healing and redirecting wind flows around the globe
Next level social distancing
Do you think she knows she's Batman?
This bent wingnut looks like it's dabbing.
There was a glitch in the Reddit Matrix today.
The scar on my dog's shoulder looks like an upvote
My friend’s provider in Belgium has been renamed to better suit the lockdown over there
The way my sister's phone reflects looks like if it's under water.
This olive was pitted and pimento'd perpendicular to the stem.
My local shop has put down isolation boxes for social distancing. The arrows are to organize traffic.
I just pulled a feather out of my turkey sandwich
In response to my previous post about the disabled iPhone, here is the Live Photo.
Consider Sharing!
The way this polyphemus moth looks like a face.
Where it should say “Sharpie.” On my marker it doesn’t.
This really big football at my dad’s work
My sharpie doesn’t say “sharpie” anywhere except on the tag.
My Pickle has a triforce inside it
She wants 1k, can we do it?
This “P” shaped dust particle on my infotainment screen.
The size of this blackberry..
Found this on a jog the other day. Thought a shovel had somehow fused into the tree!
This iPhone my friend found, which happens to be disabled for 48 1/2 years.
Our apartment is exactly 0.31 toilet paper roll long.
A leaf with just the veins
Hit a pinecone with a machete once and this was the result
The omegle icon now has a mask over it
This ginger root that looks like lungs
My ipod which I shredded 10 years ago still works
This paper issue in a grocery store
This inverted nebula tattoo
This handrail that continues between the windows
My Cinnamon Toast Crunch box has a Cinnamon Toast Barcode.
These jalapeño slices look like the tabs on soda cans!
Jalapeño slices looked like the tab on a soda can
Cover of the prominent Serbian magazine issued on May, 1999 amidst the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia.
As Louisiana shuts down all non essential businesses, you can still get your drive-thru daiquiris.
Sugar crystal that formed at the bottom of my maple syrup
this tree chomping its way through barbed wire
So pineapple is just called tropical not pineapple
This is the statue of liberties face from the inside.
I was doing the dishes and discovered a depressed stain
What are the odds...
My knitting needle is the same colour as this circle on the cover of this magazine
This slightly larger than normal handicap sign
I made a miniature campfire with moss, rocks and a matchstick.
I made this rainbow tape painting today
“Not child resistant”
After scraping out my hummus container, it now looks like a stormy sea
A bent piece of spaghetti
Half frosted poptart found this morning for breakfast
This portrait of Kobe Bryant made out of cut up pieces of coffee packets.
My dog has one black whisker
This avocado with a tiny pit
The box has a face
Man makes a a portrait of Kobe Bryant out of cut up pieces of wrapper: "Kopiko Bryant"
turtle tried breaking into my house, the police relocated him
I have the first Witcher book ever published, in edition of 30 000. (1990).
My lotion dispenser subtly hinted i should just do it.
Give your best title
There are no tourists around so Abbey Road's zebra crossing is being repainted
My brother's Hawaiian Pizza where they forgot to put the pineapple on.
A couple took off their face masks to kiss at the Barcelona airport.
Social Distancing
Peeled this wrapper and it formed a tube
A local gas station installed sneeze guards to help prevent exposure to covid-19
Keeping the sanity and having fun while staying indoors, Day 10
A horses foot without the hoof
This scratch my Mum's dog accidentally made left a nearly perfect tick
This snow snake wrapped around the handrail
Interesting...
We had an epic snowball fight.
A quick drawing I did while bored in class a few weeks ago
I thought I had been charged twice, but turned out I spent almost the same amount at the same place two days in a row because I am a creature of habit (and was just charged for both on the same day)
This ad I got in the mail (yes it's a real dime)
There is a plane visible in satellite view near my home town
There is a plane visible in satellite view near my home town
Stumbled upon on a walk, granny’s garden :)
There is a plane visible in satellite view near my home town
This nightmare tree
If ever there was a more appropriate travel destination right now
My punk rock potato
Difference in air traffic - March 13 vs. March 24
Cool DVD light effect
This six leaf monstrosity I found
Half of the store is made unavailable due to different COVID-19 rules in Belgium and The Netherlands
Kids knocked over my $15 psoriasis shampoo again. Either that or a mutant slug came out of my drain
My wife put my Bob Ross mug in the dishwasher
So I took apart a wii to find the problem and it just started working again
I took it apart but somehow it still works
My sister set this up near her home in San Diego County. It made my heart happy. (She and the kids made the bread from scratch as an experiment to show chemical reaction!)
Vodafone uses #stayhome as its network name during the covid19
Used all the ink from my pen
My electricity meter today
This bug has a pattern that looks like a butterfly.
This toilet paper has another portable one inside of it (removable)
People started filling little libraries with non-perishable food instead of books for those in need.
The limbs of this bush
My doorframe is not suited for right handed people...
The way these snails have clustered in the sheltered part of the tree
This WWII era machine at my work has a tag notifying that corners were cut in the interest of national defense.
Vodafone uses #stayhome as its network name in Germany
My tripod was made in West Germany
A leak that got under a box of crackers left a puddle with a square edge
My tripod was made in West Germany
My tripod was made in West Germany
There's a plant growing in my car
Vodafone uses #stayhome as its network name in Germany
My camisole after a sweaty day looks like it’s in agony
Social Distancing
Using the travel sized box as a bowl
Stay home is shown instead of the network name in Iraq.
My kitchen scale box has holes for the feet so you can use it without taking it out of the box.
In germany, the amount of coronavirus cases is in sync with the weekday
Work boots: brand new vs only 6 months of wear.
Does he want to be seen or not?
The Liberty Nickel from 1897 I found in a till last night.
This toddler plate looks like a startled alien.
The Inside packaging of my Coffee has dogs printed on it.
A perfect sphere of cooled wax from my lava lamp
3 dogs in Croatia keeping a safe distance while waiting in line.
“The Purge” movie style siren announcing the start of tonight’s curfew. Manila PH
This anti-sexual harassment poster at my college gives an example of a guy being harassed by a girl.
The way this ice froze in the chair cover
I smoke each cigarette to almost exactly the same length
Childhood memories!
made it
Swedish equivalent of 7-11 has started packaging buns individually during these Covid-19 times.
Good boys practicing social distancing because of the virus
I saw this swan sculpture (?) at my local hospital
A few houses in my neighborhood have these stations setup along the sidewalk with free household supplies for other neighbors during this time.
A man in my Spanish book that looks like a stereotypical Jew
Toilet paper is currently on sale where I live.
From Asterix number 37, "Asterix in Italy", published 2017. The villains name is Coronavirus
The plastic film is peeling off the foil
these moam blox have a dubble wrapper on all of them
Telegram that I found from a letter I sent to Lemony Snicket a LONG time ago
This fluffy mould growing on a tomato
A french sign in my New York neighborhood
AGFA, a company in Mortsel, Belgium, has had a family of falcons living in their tower for over a decade. You can monitor them online with a webcam.
These plums that grew and fused together symmetrically.
Tunisia 89 years apart
My Dad had one screw that has no thread.
"Once in a blue moon" idiom has an equation.
Got a bit bored
My local Italian restaurant has a monthly raffle for business owners
The numbers on this bus were cut short and spelt "bus"
The way that my coffee grounds settled at the bottom of my mug.
I found a fish in my yard.
2 Bananas in 1 Peel
The shadow of ice on my window on the sun protection looks artistically appealing
The shadow of ice on my window on the sun protection looks artistically appealing
The shadow of ice on my window on the sun protection looks artistically appealing
my network-provider recently changed its name
The shadow of ice of my window on this sun protection looks artistically appealing
My hands are really wrinkly
Actual graphic in my old biology textbook from (private) US middle school. i.e. the worst education money can buy.
My hands are really wrinkly
I found the original dancing baby while going through my mum's old CDs
Fabricated obamium.
A map showing the length of the greek coastline (including islands)
The mushroom-shaped milk in this coffee
Instagram party? Sign me up!
5 Leaf clover in my garden
This Red Onion that lost a quarter of its colour
One of the seeds in my apple had sprouted
Someone creates homemade ventilator!
Giant Popcorn
Organized crime in Brasil enforces lockdown in Favelas, because the gouverment wont.
This news channel in India narrates the news in sign language
My plant grew through a seashell
My brain blasterz
i just saw quentin tarantino. i'm from israel btw. cool
Strange specimens of Batman spotted on car
Lens flare during my morning sketching session
The reflection in my dogs eye is super clear
News paper clipping found in friends scrapbook
Chicago O’Hare at 6PM on a Tuesday
A tiny mushroom growing in the grass
In 2007 my dad built a 2nd house 150ft apart from our main house. We never understood why until now. Here’s my sister quarantining in the 2nd house. My dad with hindsight 20/20.
Was synthesising some biofuel, and while the thing separated the line splitting the waste and actual biodiesel was right over the metal ring holder, therefore making it look like as if it never separated at all!
That's what a 450$ Ethernet Cable looks like.
Smartphone data reveal which Americans are social distancing (and not). Location data firm Unacast identified places where residents are engaging in more social distancing in green — and less in orange. Blue means staying closer to home.
My eraser shaving looks like a Nike swoosh
My wife burned alphabet pasta
Found evidence that my dog was in my room
Reddit is the oracle that will pose the question and give the answer in the same screen. Robots stealing jobs and saving lives? At least a few.
Both lines of numbers are repeating.
This ice cream was really happy to see me!
I fumbled my Pringle pulling it out of the can and this is how it landed
PornHub has changed its logo to StayHomeHub.
The name of this shop in Corona, CA
Clouds when i looked out of the car
My whole life has been a lie
These side by side square anthills
So I was washing my dishes and this happened
An orange with no white
Just 1 Week of Quarantine before the LIONS returned to NYC | Coronavirus | Stay Home
My old insoles had a bunch of insults under them.
This smudge on my iPad screen kinda looks like the number 1
Capital of the Philippines before and after the quarantine
This is the only thing that's gone right for me this month
Dr. Usama Riaz has spent weeks screening, treating coronavirus patients even then he knew PPE was not available. He lost his battle today. Remember his name. He was only 26.
Video rental shop going strong
New Zealand Goes Into Alert Level 4
Its an actual computer bug
One of my homegrown cucumbers was hollow from end to end.
The neighbor's grizzly bear
The cactus in my brothers room grew a flower crown
Had this timer going on my old iPod for some time now...
The neighbor's grizzly bear
A loose kernel made its way into this popcorn bag.
My red bull has a bull on the pull-tab
My mums back passage as requested
My mums back passage as requested
My mums back passage as requested
I (US citizen) just realized that the bear on my 18th birthday card (from the UK) has a beer.
Sealing wax color meanings
My dominos pizza was delivered on a table so he could maintain social distancing
Taking off the head part of a vacuum
I finally did it
my pancake was sad this morning
Up-vote from Hell
Up-vote from Hell
Not a very good name for a real estate agency.
The shadow of the water bottle looks like a man in a coat
The way the packet lined up perfectly
Was caring a glass tank and a small piece of glass got lodged into my skin. Instead of making a small hole, it made a weird star shape
My friend and I played go fish and we split the win right down the middle
It's amazing what you can find on Aliexpress
Every night my cat gets on this chair so then he can see the fish.
The droplets in my water flosser with air bubbles in between
My vet appointment today.
Those bubble rings tho
Peeled clementine just wants to say. “Hello”
At a certain time of year, the sun is positioned just right to hit those lights and create sparkles... Like so.
My network changed name
These tiny hearts left I found in a bag of craft sequins.
Antenna ball before and after years of L.A. traffic
Antenna ball before and after years of L.A. traffic
This perfectly round peanut butter cookie in a cookie batch my mom made
This is what happens to my hand when I'm in the pool for a day.
One of these things is not like the other
Never thought I would come across my own post while scrolling through reddit
My 1978 Birth Certificate didn't ask for my mother's profession (nurse)
Article complaining about robots not saving us is next to an article about robots saving us.
Double rainbow during the rona
A municipality's way to promote home quarantine.
This woman’s epic hair
A McDonalds in Singapore, where tables and chairs are now pasted with these stickers to enforce 1m social distancing during this time with Covid-19
Was digging through an old box looking for NES and SNES games to play and found this 17-year-old bday card from my sister. 🥺
My bread was crushed into a number 2
[OC] TP usage - Wash your hands vs no wash on paper
What he invented again?
Just a few dead bugs on my lightbulb
These fence timbers are twins, from the same tree.
The people who made the coffees I ordered had their temperature measured
My Cookie Has A Face
This flower I saw that seemed to have mutated.
This mundane name for a business
Photo of a big crack in a treestump.
the stripes on this deformed peppermint
Out of curiosity, I wanted to take a long exposure of this spot light and this was the result
Did not expect this on my decent into Dubai. (Yes, this was taken before coronavirus)
I just went to check up on a show I used to follow and have forgotten about since last year. Then it hit me...
My vodka bottle fits perfectly in my car's cup holder
My laptop keyboard replicates a common optical illusion
Lord Hiss from Robin Hood, was occasionally drawn with fur.
Neat tree I found while in Alaska a few months ago. Brownie points if you can guess what part of Alaska
99 Woodstock! Live-Lightning Crashes
Kosher for passover coke have a yellow cap
Notecard roller coaster
Ordered a product from China on Amazon. It came with a mask. Completely unrelated to the product and I did not order masks.
I have five different Charley's Subs punchcards
99 Woodstock! Live-Lightning Crashes
My cousin made a tree from Cooper wire
A pineapple home-grown from a store-bought pineapple top
Found the end of a rainbow!
A 2017 Asterix comic features a Roman charioteer named Coronavirus
Little shopping carts for little people at my local market
My spineless cactus grew a single spine
This is how the path of mosquitoes attracted to the light looks like
This patter on my pb
What happen this time?
Tile at my grandmas house looks squishy
Density of those soaps caused the green to sink when added to the bottle
Decide to test my skills and kick it at a nail popping out of my deck.
This badly-made Oreo. I swear I didn’t just fix this. The chocolate ones are harder to split cleanly.
The Florida agriculture commissioner is named Charles Bronson, so every gas pump in the state has a sticker saying its approved by Charles Bronson
I've lived in my home for 7years and saw this emerald beauty for the first time after the fiancé was cleaning out the basement.
This large variety pack is full of smaller variety packs
Coronavirus shrubbery spotted in Texas
This box of sugar's expiration date
My grandma gave me this still wrapped SNES Space Invaders game.
Little succulent leaf fell off and started growing another little succulent.
Aburi Sushi in San Diego promotion
The snow on my windshield rolled down as it melted.
I managed to stack golf balls
There was a bug stuck in the middle of my candle
Just a perfect tree
I have a weird nail
Snow had just the right conditions so that it rolled up like a carpet
A conjoined orange
A bottle of water left in the freezer for a couple hours
My last bite of pizza kinda looks like a dog.
Girlfriend found this in my sons clothes that was just in the dryer.
Abandoned Austin TX streets during COVID-19
Abandoned Austin TX streets during COVID-19
Abandoned Austin TX streets during COVID-19
My Safeway has lines 6 feet apart to practice social distancing.
From the depths of the crisper drawer
I wrapped a leftover pork chop in foil and it kinda looks like Ohio.
The reflection of this glass heart on a wall
For a while after they were born, my twins would only sleep “stacked” like they were in utero
This McDonald's has a walk-up window for service.
This round chip that came in the bag of triangles
I've been collecting two dollar bills for the last 5 years.
The sugar eggs in my oatmeal hatched into tiny dinosaurs.
If these two signs teamed up, they'd make exactly one whole sign. Same restaurant location
My computer is being used to help solve the COVID 19 crisis
Chicken flavoured drink option
My pills have a color gradient based on which ones stay the longest in my pill case.
This vending machine has a vinyl wrap to blend in with the building it was placed in front of.
Accidentally left my bird feeder out in the rain and came back a couple of days later to some life sprouting.
This tape scissors
This tape scissors
This tape scissors
I peeled an orange and then I noticed the shape of this tiny piece
A local bar/restaurant sent us a roll of TP with our delivery.
Rip still work but can’t charge or press bumpers
My orange has a raised wedge from the others.
Toilet paper getting stocked
What one Supermaket is doing to protect their employees from the virus...
LaBonne’s in CT installed plexiglass guards for their cashiers overnight
This bottle that has 2 labels on it
Forgetting to type a space can yield very different results
Soap jellyfish
The mystical double Nilla wafer.
Thanks, Uber Eats delivery driver
Atomization of rust coming from this staple gun.
Always carried a tin of Altoids in my bag through high school. Just uncovered my collection doing some spring cleaning
The way this glass cracked in a spiral without shattering
Fun guys eating a tree, I came across Deer Hunting.
It’s 2020 and there is still an up and running video rental place in a small agricultural town in Washington.
They way our training room is set up
My mobile phone provider tells me to #StayHome during this pandemic.
The have markers for people to wait for food and max of 5 people can wait
My orange has a butt.
My abstract painting looks like fan coral!
My cat has bald patches that kinda look like eyebrows
Surprised to find so many correctly joined pieces of puzzles that we correctly joined pieces sorting out a brand new box
This piece of wood has an ostrich in it
This screw top with an ichthys symbol on it
What a unrolled taki looks like..
I have a birthmark in the shape of the Hawaiian Islands. (Map below as comparison)
This unordinary highlighter pen
A dehydrated shopkin, hard as rock and feels like velvet
A ball of hailstones from Edgewood, Washington! It hailed for at least ten minutes
The way this tree’s limbs have grown down to the the ground.
Somebody put a heart in the building! [OC]
Coffee Table Reflection that looks like Squidward
My avocado had a rather lager pit/stone
Found a bunny by using a mirror effect on Leonardo Da Vinci’s painting Portrait of a Musician
This water spill that looks like a person's silhouette
Accidentally spilled my drink and it resulted in somewhat of a sick paint job on my PC case
Drone shot of a massive power station. Those dots at the bottom? Cars.
My glasses are the perfect size for canned Guinness
Some would say they’re the reverse
This miniature PC.
You may know of Yuri Gagarin and Alan Shephard (the first two men in space) Here's Expedition one (the first trip to the ISS) which coincedentally had an American named Shepherd and a Russian named Yuri fly on the same crew almost 50 years later.
Local Weather Girl Doing Nightly Report From Quarantine
My Mum’s stuck in a hotel in Lima. This is the bottom of the cup in her room.
The sunset makes the steam look like flames
Those "NFR" Duracell Batteries that came with my Coustom Xbox Controller I ordered from Microsoft
The Boring Side on a milk carton.
Line up of grounded WestJet planes, including Frozen plane at CYEG... due to covid-19
This fortune trying to get me sick.
The Boring Side on milk carton
My food is smiling at me
When using Google translate, emojis in one gender will switch to the other. It will then show the correct gender afterwards to clarify.
The Google Result for Spanish Flu specifies that the pandemic occurred on Earth, as opposed to any other planet
Meanwhile in Alabama
This dirty 1974 quarter looks like art
This chunk of slush on my deck that looks like Nova Scotia, that I took in (Halifax) Nova Scotia.
Magnetic drink holder. Definitely comes in handy, as you can see!
We moved the sofa and found where our cats had been hiding stuff for the last year
Someone made a "Covid II bridge", complete with penguin plushie, over some mud in my neighborhood
NBA 2K16 Cleveland Cavaliers
My square icue cube melted into an atomic bomb blast.
Mom’s mash potatoes look like the pancake batter
A creek in Toronto, Canada had turned red. Clearly another sign it is the end.
This single hair on my arm that decided to go rogue
This house in my neighborhood, each story is a different exterior.
I made a dinosaur!
There is no carpet, just a painting of it
This single hair on my arm that decided to go rogue
Papa Johns is sending out instructions for “No Contact” delivery
This single hair on my arm that decided to go rogue
This collapsible fork that came with my tuna
Found an empty fortune cookie wrapper from panda express attached to another fortune cookie.
Unhappy leaf looks like an old faded painting
The entire lamp is in the tree
There were two weddings on the beach during quarantine.
Train engines have Old Glory flapping in the appropriate direction
This smiley face in some paint
Chick-fil-a has a temperature gage for employees and they are not aloud to clock in unless they are checked.
Mini mike and ike
My wall got painted, and there was a crack in it, you can still see where it is.
Someone made a "Pont Covid-19 Bridge" walkway in Montreal, I took some pics
This lottery ticket my mom got. All possible spaces are all winners
This hot wheels car has a GoPro mount!
This bread that is best if u sed by March 32
Tractor in a Train!
A random grouping of letters given to me in my first hand
Train delivering timbers for track... hmmm neat.
My popsicle had a bonus
This pattern appeared after my mom drained the macaroni pasta
This tin full of 100 year old coupons someone was saving for a record player, but never used
These two light sources in the Costa Rican sky, the setting sun and lightning. Which one is which?
Cloud that looks like a dragon sitting down
Cloud that looks like four winged dragon sitting down
Not taking any chances in Lubbock TX
When i put a magnet near my pc it activates a reed switch tricking the pc into thinking that the screen is closed.
This one hundred trillion dollars bill from a closed down Zimbabwe bank and yes it's real look it up
A heatmap of McDonald's. Each dot represents a McDonald's location
Eye-level view of our new AeroGarden
I got a cut on my finger that doesn’t pierce the first layer of skin, it’s under it
These leaves decided to do their own thing
Found this heart-shaped void in my bread slice. I looked at the adjacent slice, but it was normal.
This rainbow sunlight beam that my mirror created on the wall.
My bag is the same color as this chair
A fern growing in a jar in a trash heap
I have a fully working 1980s SBB Railroad Crossing Gate in my Garden.
I have a fully working 1980s SBB Railroad Crossing Gate in my Garden.
Easter Bunny cookies with some of them missing noses
This town in New Mexico
My dad got these pencils which have seeds in the end so when it’s too short you can plant it.
The name of this lake
The fan remote has tan lines
I dropped this pin and couldn’t find it on the floor. Turns out it got stuck in part of the speaker mesh!
T-Rex bread last of sandwich
I have a 1980s Railroad Crossing Gate in my Garden. Sorry for the finger
I swear Finn wolfhard looks a lot like Dylan. And if they don’t make a movie with him playing Dylan I’m gonna be upset.
This cupcake looks like a manatee
Found Hercules in Da Vinci’s Last Supper painting
Blanket my cousin knitted for my 10month old baby girl (I'm, 38m, a huge G1 TF fan!)
This cicada is advertising for McDonalds
The only Lithuanian soldiers killed POST-USSR, 1 in Krakow, Lithuania, 7 in Medininkai Lithuania, and 1 in Afghanistan during riots because a U.S soldier in Iraq used a Koran/Quran for target practice.
This small Australian silver dollar I have.
This stone I saw while walking a trail
Bathroom In Lubbock giving the best advice it can
Spawn from the 90s, ages 4 and up.
Pandemic is my favorite board game, you can play as a medic, quarantine specialist, researcher, dispatcher, it is a cooperative game, all players VS the game, 5 diseases spread om every turn. Always exciting.
This creepy hair that I pulled out of my scalp that looks like it’s made out of lots of little hairs
The way this orange separated out this beer
These glow in the dark stars i bought for my son's nursery came with instructions for star signs
This my computer I use for the distance learning we're doing for school.
These X's at a bank so people know to stand 6 feet apart while waiting
My mom's onion sprouted on our kitchen counter
The way the moss makes the rocks in this stream look like a bad video game render
I see "Ms. Rinia" in the chipping paint on the garage
The way my brothers protein powder shake seperated in the fridge.
The foam on my cup of juice looks like a blooming flower
My Steam verification code...
During the Second World War america stopped shipping Coca Cola syrup to the Germans. As a substitute the German Coca Cola bottling company invented Fanta using apple fiber left over from lollipops and whey, from cheese makers.
Same shelves, one weighted down by books so they're different heights
Pre-9/11 Time Square Toys R Us Bag had the Twin Towers in the background.
The barcode on the cookie dough is shaped like an oven mitt
This oversized clipboard
My Angry Pie.
Knock off LEGO cross bowmen
This straight banana
The neighbor's ancient wisteria
Looks like soap was poured over my cereal.p
My phone network told me to “stay safe”
Both books I ordered online and picked up at my local bookstore both have the same color scheme.
How happy my tractor is to see me
The way the glass looks and feels smooth but the sunlight shows the very subtle striations in thickness..
some of the gumballs at my local Home Depot are discolored.
Text from the UK Gov reference COVID19
Spilled milk on the floor
The 8oz. Walnuts are triple the price of the 4oz.
PornHub changed their title to Stayhome Hub
The expiration date on my yogurt is 4/4/2020.
My friend's A4 size cheat sheet.
Garage door was literally hanging by a thread.
The way these trees got blown by the wind to make a den
My son playing Roblox noticed this avatar wearing a mask and gloves...
So the vodafone of my mother did this somehow
This sun chip flew too close to the sun
This pic of my juice
I just drew what I believe to be a perfect check
I just drew what I believe to be a perfect checkmark
Death Valley- Salt forms really cool after the rain
Looks like Winnie the Pooh waving in the photo of this soup recipe.
What happen this time?
A falcon just hit a window on my house.
My (originally round) soap naturally turned into a “C”.
A falcon just hit a window on my house
This leaf in a frozen puddle shaped like a leaf.
Got three £20 notes with consecutive numbers.
People in Amman, Jordan, practicing social distancing while waiting to receive government-distributed bread outside their homes while in lockdown.
People in Amman, Jordan, practicing social distancing while waiting to receive government-distributed bread.
This leaf frozen in a puddle shaped like a leaf.
This cigarettes' target used to keep the streets clean
This cigarettes' target used to keep the streets clean
The way our cats have arranged themselves on our bed.
Papa John's No Contact Delivery
Infinite tunnel effect when sharing screen.
Our Prime Minister's Coronavirus address was put on amazon prime to reach people that might not watch tv
I found an uncut puzzle piece
Holding the world or a football?
A Bubble for the ages. The hidden abilities that emerge during quarantine.
Looked out my car window when I arrived to go hiking and I see a baby doll hung on someone’s lawn......
Lived in this house for 6 years and didn't know that our antique doorknobs were supposed to be this pretty color until I started disinfecting them so much
My local CVS had buy 1 get 1 free on all of their vitamins
A grain of rice that flung itself out of my frying pan probably because of water inside.
The hole in this microwaveable pasta ensures a perfect heat every time
I work for a medical manufacturer that considered and essential business to help fight the covid-19 virus. They gave me this paper in case I get pulled over during the lockdown
I’d have to agree with this honestly.
I’d have to agree with this statement honestly.
In Asterix and the Chariot Race (2017), the charioteer favored to win the race is named Coronavirus.
I have these old records of Nazi speeches
This trilingual stop sign
Piece of lint on bathroom floor looks like a tiny dinosaur.
This character in a Tennis game looks like Joe Rogan.
This weird half tree
Dried up cilantro that looks like a dragon/wyvern.
German Autobahn gas station bathroom PSA
Found an elongated egg in my carton this morning.
A perfect set of footprints
I had an odd craving for Devilled Lamb Kidneys, I only noticed the price when I got home.
These weird drying nuts/seeds that fell from a tree.
The h on this utility box looks like a deer
So it was them...
My shower doors make the Netflix sound.
My zipper looks like the Apple Finder logo
google earth who
My carrier (Vodafone de) changed its display name to get more people to stay home.
Being in forced lock-down, I decided to walk around my land with some small high-powered magnets...Here is my haul!
My used pack of zen magnets compared to my never opened zen magnets
re you looking to advertise your MineCraft Server or looking for a new server to play on?
A baby pepper growing inside another
Brain food? This dropped out of my orange tree
This lanterns turning red because there is an road accident ahead
Brain food? This dropped out of my orange tree
Mandatory social distancing in Singapore foodcourt (queue up behind the yellow line)
Two skittles fused together
Two skittles fused together
Look at this super thin piece of bread
Look at this super thin piece of bread
Look at this super thin piece of bread
My avocado got squashed into a perfect circle
when he said a straight banana, he meant it.
These noodle prints in the bottom of the pot I cooked noodles in.
Apple Photos thinks someone shooting a bottle rocket into the air is a tree.
People in Majorca doing their rounds on the rooftops
The way the carbonation of the flat Pepsi and fresh Pepsi are separated
People in spain, Majorca doing their rounds on the rooftops
That’s one way to stop people from hoarding selfishly
[OC] Tree stump looks like an Epic city skyline.
Drone Strike on Moose - my pops dropping a tick treatments on a couple moose.
Evry year, hundreds of bikers from marseille are getting their bikes blessed by priests at the saint-baume abbey in order to be protected against crashs. Here is how it looks like.
Most popular movies set in each state (2 images, slight differences, which do you agree with?)
I apparently found the place in the woods where old monitors go to die.
My phone company says to “stay safe”
The way my coffee settled in my mug this morning
My tea lines up with the CLASSIC on the logo on this Coca Cola Cup
Corona Virus Beads
I’m not too sure about this
Dispensary package has a bit of sandpaper to make resealing the package easier
My car's dome light has a detachable flashlight.
Stelagtites have formed on this archway under a small nearby overpass.
The way the snow is rolling off my windshield.
Very efficiently packed green beans
Coincidence?
This large apple (google home mini for comparison)
This national park puzzle has an Ewok in it.
My dad is a cartoonist, and would write back and forth with Charles Schultz before he died. This is a signed copy of one his comics sent directly to my dad! It even says “for Kevin”
When I adjusted the volume of the video it matched with the laptop case
My grandma likes to leave food out for the raccoons but realized they had trouble holding onto the corn while nibbling on it so my grandpa nails them to the deck for her
How is Coronavirus the only thing spelled correctly?
This post was apparently not suitable for r/gaming. F
I thought that was a llama in sunglasses
These animal crackers.
Birmingham, Alabama
This big coke can
Baby pineapple
Random laughing emoji sticker on moving van floor.
My phone company says to “stay safe”
The zebra crossings at the BMW mini plant spell out MINI.
A baby pineapple
The grains on this slab of wood mildly resembles a sloth.
This extra long baby carrot
The juice in this glass didn't mix with the water, and created this affect. (Yes, it was mixed after).
The water in where a friend lives in Mississippi right now. That's not poo.
These straw bales wrapped in plastic, anchored to trees and playground equipment. Took me a minute before I realized I was at the bottom of a sled hill.
I found a ladybug with no spots.
Something was feasting on an old legal pad under I found under my bed
The way my banana peeled
Cut my bologna, to stop it from tenting, and it looks like a German Iron Cross medal.
This tabletop model of a swimming pool
This Live Photo I took ended up creating an inception like effect on this building
Weird pattern in my grass after the snow melted
This heart shaped cactus leaf I’m repotting
Lockdown message from the UK government.
Everyone is spread out in line at the Commisary, due to COVID-19.
My fried bologna looks like a German Iron Cross medal.
Mom made a mermaid sequin face mask with filter, what do you guys think??
My friends STILL send these!
My oatmeal made a yin yang sign with the cinnamon
This red pepper hook that grew in this red pepper.
This is a neat looking key chain
The Breakfast Club takes place today (March 24th) !
Found a garlic clove absorbed by another clove
Seeing feet inside socks is interesting...
My brother organized all of our dominoes
The way this slat in my blinds is actually 2 slats in one slot.
My mouse and my keyboard have exactly the same finish, despite being produced by different brands.
My jeans match the carpet perfectly!
Is it me or that’s the black Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
This is a Matchbox plane from 1973. Once mine, now my son's. When I found it, I thought pink (right) was an odd colour for it, but just learned today that if you heat it (left) it changes colour back to the original colour.
My network provider changes name.
Due to reduced pollution during lockdown in Manila, a mountain range is now clearly visible
A nest that I found this morning while cleaning up some trash
Just delivered a load of hand sanitizer. This is inside the warehouse, the pallets of sanitizers are lined up ready to be loaded onto trucks and distributed.
This paper bag that shows you how to pack it
Those aren't mountains in the back.
My phone service provider telling me to #StayHome
When your preparing roots for work and this randomly happened (btw its Probe Nr.69)
Nazi propaganda dropped on Allied soldiers in WWII. Found in my grandpa's belongings.
The Sheetrock in the ceiling of my house was made in 1920
Carrier telling me to stay home
Nazis dropped this propaganda to Allied soldiers in WWII. Found in my grandpa's belongings.
whoa just spreading by
The way this Omega ad blends with my carpet.
There is a 5 min window every day when the sun makes a perfect light circle around my chair
This miserable napkin roll in the age of pandamics
My doors glass deco looks like a cyclops Yoda
Social distancing lines from afar
Trippy picture I took of some headless Geese back in January
Got a text from the UK government.
Strange artistic combination
Beautiful butterfly resting on top of a dainty flower.
The 'G' letter on my keyboard looks like an arrow
This water bottle sticker :(
Oil puddle in parking lot shaped like a heart
This tree had a meeting with a moose
This Strawberry That I Got From Costco
Temple Bar in Dublin, Ireland - St. Patricks Day 2020
These mushrooms that look like toasted marshmallows
I just received a message directly from the government. Never had that before
My packet of wet tissues' water content evaporated and condensed on the packaging
Water managed to get in between the walls on my double walled tea-cup
This Candle holder that looks like the Freedom Tower
This old IBM ad. What's a computer ?
My cell company, Vodafone, in Germany renamed itself “#StayHome VF.DE”
this happy face water imprint left on my table
Companies who do this should die
my network provider found out that im not at home
My local grocery shop put exes on the ground to indicate social distancing.
Reddit has now given a link to r/Coronavirus to inform redditors
From Northeast Florida. Lowest gas prices I have ever seen in my life here so far.
How you can see where there was fog
Not a cactus, but my succulent is also flowering!
This rude potato chip I found yesterday
data of polution levels in china during the period of corona-virus lockdown
The coffee residue at the bottom of my cup looks like Mt. Fuji.
This upvote dashboard light
My daffodils have never produced a single flower in 10 years, but I love them anyway.
A leaf that has lost its leafiness
The paper sounds like a dog sniffing
Figured out how to take pictures of the stars with my android last night
I saw Ur ostrich and remembered a friends Sid ...
The coffee stain on my bench cushion looks like a bear
Swiss army lighter(?)
The way this snow is peeling off the furniture
A rainbow hitting the legs of these stacked chairs
A coin from Italy(1985).Does anyone know more about this?
This spider took this down without the aid of a web...
Elephant from $1 note . Tutorial https://youtu.be/anYhLxsOYM0
A Crab Voltron
I found a baby cutie
My thumb
Some of my cheerios were heart-shaped, but they were in a normal cheerio box
Pornhubs new banner during the coronavirus pandemic
Well my cactus has a foul mouth and flowered a little.
Pornhubs new banner during the coronavirus pandemic
In Finland, someone put masks on statues.
From the wear pattern on my keyboard I seem to use the J key the least.
The most useful camera ever
cappucino-Power reasembles a heart
The sixth day of quarantine. Boyfriend opened the window and saw the green we never noticed before in the building across the street. Stay strong buddy!
PornHub has changed their logo to this.
These blueberries that fused together
The grocery store I work at put these down to help practice social distancing.
There was a paprika in my paprika.
Just found another solution to this game called Laser Maze
Building looks like swiss chesse.
Just got an emergency alert from the UK goverment
Interesting cloud pattern
The bot in Words With Friends just played the word covfefe against me. And, as it turns out, the plural form of covfefe is not covfefes.
The company that made our alcohol wipes has an interesting name now
Jacob Javits Center is now set up as a temporary hospital.
Took this picture upside down
This surprised cat in my garlic.
Austrian mobile network operator A1 telling people to #stayhome
The grains on this slab of wood mildly resemble an ostrich
Found this interesting parking lot. (Aqua)
Took picture of aquarium while my friend had his laser pointing it.
I caught a hair in my in my jacket's zipper
countries with completely lockdown vs not completely lockdown
The way they have prepared for corona
This Baroque Egg
When the government sends you a message
Blue jay still has half of his feathers
so hot that pupils are dilated
Messed up this fudge and it looks like fried chicken
Sign language interpreters can't wear face masks becaus they need to mimic with their mouths, so this is what they came up with in Slovakia during Government press conferences.
She wants 1k, can we do it?
My mobile service provider changed their mobile access point name to "StayHome"
A krisped rice grain stuck in the seal of the cereal bag
Here's my grandma, An elderly Native American woman beating the odds of coronavirus, with braids in her hair and A smile only a grandma could give. A day after this she went into ICU....she's my hero...she's my hero and I hope she can be yours too.
My service provider changed the display name of network on cellular phones to encourage self isolation.
Carrot doing Gods work.
My service provider changed the display name of network on cellular phones to encourage self isolation.
Carrot doing Gods work.
My service provider changed the display name of network on cellular phones to encourage self isolation.
This male bathroom in a steakhouse displays the daily local paper for you to read as you pee.
The branches on this tree I found have begun twisting around as they’ve grown
Heart shaped rocks a friend has collected over six years.
Quarantine had me bored, so I decided to install a disco light in my living room. Here's a panorama which captures it's changing colours
The tennis ball is a telltale sign.
The way the snow fell in my yard last night.
It looks like Cuomo is being interviewed by his younger self...
I was the first one in France to test virtual escape game
It looks like Cuomo is being interviewed by his younger self...
I just noticed her tennis ball in the grill legs
This computer generated face kind of resembles a young Kirk Cameron
Light from my wine glass on the ground looks a bit like a crab
Tiny crab is basically camouflaged to the sand
The light and door are perfectly lined up to smack my face in bed
Light from my wine glass on the ground
Graffiti wall in my town Magikarp in the corner lol
Peeled and found entire garlic pod as single clove
The pattern this wire fence wore onto the rock over the years (from a local mountain trail)
What happen this time?
Peeled and found entire garlic as a single clove 😌
These Cola cans
The overlapping shadows behind my dragon from the bias lights
Never Gonna Give You Up on 666m views
Rescue bot that provides key information to emergency responders to help minimise risk and efficiently save lives in critical incidents.
Attending a virtual mass on my mom’s iphone
I found out today that if I put tape onto my pen, I’m able to look inside it
A program in my company's computer called SwiftKiller with the icon resemble to Jason Voorhees
fat dogs redacted
The pattern of the seeds in a cucumber slice
[OC] CSoD: COVID-19 Screen of Distress...(BSoD like)
My phone company changed their displayed name to give encouragement.
This rubber duck i found with two heads
My mum's sandal looks a bit like one of the bad guys from Lord of the Rings.
These guys putting art on the bland wall
Whole of garlic a Single bulb 😌
My cactus also grew a crown of flowers
My camera took a picture when a spider was falling
My company
The color of this jumping spider
This local company saw that opportunity to get peoples attention and gave away free toilet paper with their advertising.
This photo I found...
My cactus also grew a crown of flowers.
Windshield Snow Rolled Up Like a Yoga Mat. Snowga Mat.
My Venus fly trap grew flowers!
My Venus fly trap grew flowers!
My Venus fly trap grew flowers!
Ants eating paint
This gimbal in the captain's quarters of a ship to keep drinks level
The way these glasses are aligned
A long exposure shot of a spark spitting toy gun taken that I took on my phone
Meanwhile, A Community in South East Asia claims to be IMPENETRABLE against COVID19
This sheep that broke it's leg - my parents put a cast on it
I Slammed a 2-seater aircraft and its passengers walked off without harm
Does it have an expiration date?
This much dust gets piled up in one week
This heart that looks like a pretzel
L.A.'s 405 South at 6:45 p.m. on a Monday. The new normal?
This pic from video about Japan
What he invented again?
The placement of the blueberry in this homemade frozen yoghurt popsicle.
Inside a factory producing face mask
These giant okras
The telephone poles in my town got a little wet, but only a little.
This ice cube hanging on for dear life.
A photo of Stockholm 1967, when sweden changed The side we're drivning on.
Mildly interesting frost pattern on my car's roof
This cloud creating an extra horizon line in Wellington
My toast looks like it has eyes.
The large #StayHome sign on the Burj Khalifa
This door opener at my wife’s work place bathroom
This incredibly tiny toy car
Skeleton (I think it might have been a fox) I found in the shore of a lake in Ushuaia, Argentina a few years back
This is what mangoes look like if you don’t use pesticides. These are bite marks from ants and not been infected by fruit flies.
Telkomsel (Indonesian carrier) added "stay at home" phrase to its carrier name
This swing for wheelchair bound people
A plug from the hood
who needs google earth
Blooming desert after the rain in an interesting pattern
SHUT YOUR CURTAINS PROPERLY!!!
How wii fit will just keep counting the days even after years of inactivity...
PornHub is giving people free premium if they promise to isolate
Someone ripped their chip bag and these birds are LOVING IT
This tree that’s surprised to see you.
Memphis, Tennessee during the 1918 flu pandemic from a news article from the time.
Just a friendly neighborhood bobcat enjoying all of the humans staying inside
Pinky and the Brain
What happen this time?
The tree in my backyard looks like it's covered in all-seeing-eye symbols. It's an illuminatree!
I've pistachio shell protected it's nut too much but the other one's nut just fell out
As a sex worker, I've been off work for almost two weeks. Most of us are.
In 1961, 152 Black Cats Auditioned for Tales of Terror. A Film Adaptation of an Edgar Allen Poe short story. All cats were seemingly “less nervous” than their owners.
Reddit now allows you to see how many people are following you.
This tiny skittle in my bag of skittles, yellow skittle for comparison
A large mango
Found old Play-Doh where the salt crystalized
This giant mcnug I got today is m.i.
This truck with the perfect amount of exterior styling
A generic brand's labeling in Canada
Ice on my window
Pornhub playing its part
Pornhub playing its part
Peter..are those testicles?
Oh Denver....
This gravestone
Bird scull and part of it's skull I found at my step sister's house about 5-6 days ago. Pretty well decomposed and it looks lovely on my alter
This block of cheese has a very crude map of the world on it.
A little hard to see here but we have sneeze guards at the store I work at now.
Found the last cigarette I didn't smoke 7 years ago and haven't looked back since. It's a great memento and feeling how much fitter I am today.
how to burn you're house down 101
Pornhub changed its name.
WTF American Idol. Put the letters in the right direction!
This piece of seaglass I found looks like a bird beak
Deadliest substance in the world.
Deadliest substance in the world.
Deadliest substance in the world.
Whitmer’s the gov of Michigan
The banana-with-peanut-butter looks a lil' like Trump
Factory error backwards cookie oreo
Blue jay with half it’s baby feathers. Credit u/bsanday4
COVID-19, a poem
Our pizza was delivered socially distanced
this leaf I found
My aunt stores her bath towels with a washrag between each one so you can easily grab both at the same time.
Did u know that the mod shop in gta 5 is based on the real life shop called west coast customs
Articles Like This...
Got this cookbook from 1968 for my birthday today. I never knew turtle egg pancakes were a thing
The buckle on my Dakine fanny pack is called a Rock Lockster!
What he invented again?
This double pickle chip
The name for this lube...
Not only was there 2 crackers in one package it was stuck to another one (this is some chinese snack)
Very, very, interesting in deed... generic brand labeling
Very, very, interesting in deed... generic brand labeling
Pulling out a childhood favorite and got an interesting amount of money...
This ad pops up every ten minutes
I fold an Elephant from $1note. Tutorial: https://youtu.be/anYhLxsOYM0
Found my mom's teacher training material from the early 90s. Thought the "Office of Global Access Technology" was interestingly timely.
This focus on my pups shake
My local grocery store placed these cakes in place of where the toilet paper should be
This bottle of cleaner I found in the back
My kids left my dads old Wooden cane outside for 3 days while it rained. It changed form and the hook started to unravel.
My septum ring appearing when I got a panoramic x-ray
This art piece by Joi T. Arcand (2009)
Chicago weather. Both today. Top is 6:30am, bottom is 4:30pm.
This art piece by Joi T. Arcand (2009)
The cactus in my daughter’s room grew a flower crown.
The barcode on my cookie dough is an oven mitt
Panorama taken at a concert with lights changing the colour of the room
The sexy insides of a Tarantula's molten skin
The beach practicing social distancing
This mobile firepit
These huge carrots
The center of this carrot that split open
Stop sign in Oujé-Bougoumou, Eeyou-Istchee (ᐆᒉᐳᑯᒨ, ᐄᔨᔫ/ᐄᓅ ᐊᔅᒌ) / northern Québec
The way my wine glass shattered
Sleeping beauty mountain in Queen Charlotte, B.C actually looks like a sleeping beauty.
Seattle buses running free during pandemic. Riders asked to only use backdoor and keep distance from the driver.
These Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches have the days on them...for when you need to schedule your breakfast I guess.
My finger after being covered by duct tape for 3 days
A decomposing leaf I found in my yard
This abandoned WWII housing unit in Alaska, kept hidden from the public until the 2000’s
Seating of cinema in construction already visible as the building frame goes up
My pack of Skittles had 5 Skittles stuck together.
A scenario in Plauge Inc
My labmate found a fish egg with twins in it
Piece of wood containing glowing embers
Some bones that my family and I spotted on a walk the other day.
Steel can after being used as a crucible to melt Aluminum
I immediately flashed on a notorious pathogen when I saw this Corporate Illustration in an email.
Random Spider-Man mini-fig on a roof lamp at a coffee shop
My brother’s bedpost looks like Megamind.
Old vs new work boots
A drawing on the back of a truck.
This ketchup squirt looks like a... well, you know.
Pine tree with intact root system washed up on beach
A drawing on a car.
Each branch of my money tree has a maximum of 5 sub-branch.
My new mouse came with a battery marked “Not for Retail sale”
I found this very split eyebrow hair today when I was plucking
Say happy birthday to UCLA Boot Camps
Death Valley Flats- right after it rained, a day after, and two days after
This lemon on my neighbor’s tree
The store turned this quarter machine around to avoid spread of the virus
This glass brick has water in it
There was an add on the back of my fortune cookie
This lane is only for the coolest of bicyclists
The dried soap in my holder looks vaguely like North and South America
How the eaten part of the banana changed faster
Bilingual North Vancouver signage
The way this egg broke
Bilingual North Vancouver signage
Someone forgot to put the street back on correctly
My company uses old WWII oxygen tanks, (for oxy/acetylene torches). Someone missed when they stamped over the original marking.
I ordered food online and the restaurant put a roll of toilet paper in my order
My phone’s telling me to stay home
To the guy with a truck on his truck I raise you this guy at my friend's apartment
The way the snow is melting off my car
The bottom shelf is now a piano
This potato in the shape of a heart.
Hear me out. I wanna picture of my truck with a picture of my truck on my truck.
Food coloring dyes my blond coworker’s hair on her digits, but not her skin.
Fully Frosted Fruit Loop
This Taki looks like South America
Starling flock maneuvering while being dive-bombed by a Peregrine falcon
This piece of pizza
This straw TacoBell gave me
Frozen Mtn Dew
Found an old spray can from a past pandemic while moving
A Fully Frosted Fruit Loop
My kid’s school district is giving out lunch AND breakfast for free after closing.
This mud wasps nest looks like a flower.
This puzzle is based on a klein bottle so you can put the pieces to the opposite side of the puzzle
Free toilet paper for every takeout order at beach restaurant where beach parking is now banned.
This multi-purpose measuring tool.
This envelope has a COVID-19 disclaimer on it so you know it’s safe to open.
I found Wolverhampton's symbol while (re-re-re)reading Asterix the Legionary.
This blue jay that’s half baby
Local kids made a snow coronavirus
My flight out of nyc was almost empty
Chipping paint looks like a chicken doing karate
This perfect Camellia
Collector's item Olympic pin due to COVID-19 postponing
This puzzle can't be finished in any way due to its pieces shape.
This oddly shaped chocolate bar I got today
Jesus in the eyes, in the sky!
I was the only passenger on the subway this morning
This game gives tips about how to minimize exposure to the coronavirus while loading in.
This 2 potatoes that grew together
[r/aww] Blue Jay with half it's baby feathers
My fingertips after playing guitar for the first 3 weeks
This broken pot's soil is held together by plant roots.
This giant mutant orange that fell from my orange tree in my backyard, with my hand for scale.
This goose with one leg
The underneath of this Jammy Dodger
Just a custom made hook from a local taxi
Upside-down Mr Potato Head looks just like Steve Harvey
Not only does it look like toothpaste, it only shows some of the colors of the rainbow
This old coupon from 1993 i found in my unopened SKIP-BO card deck.
Elizabeth Holmes' net worth... Hm.
The way my Cocoa Puffs coalesced into a hexagonal tessellation
How this tree grew into my grandma’s fence
Tilted arm rests in Nadi airport. I think it’s meant to encourage a relaxed seating position.
My chicken sandwich has 2 top buns
This snowy owl carved from a dragonfruit
Razer temporarily redesigned logo to promote social distancing
This toy car library
This Oreo with the logo inside out.
This lollipop that looks like some sort of off-brand Mike Wazowski after licking it.
I thought this lid said Crappiest Preserves
How to measure spaghetti serving size before cooking the noodles
Here's what 25lbs of Panko Bread Crumbs look like.
This street sign
A Club Penguin notebook my school gave me.
Found a old model car in the middle of the woods today. Flipped over,rusted through and through as it sat on a river bank.
I have a toe nail that grows upward
My cheeze doodle is shaped like a hockey stick
Nailed it Kroger
Thought I wasn't going to have any for you but we got two!
Canbarry sauce looks like blood for my turkey
We've been sowing improvised masks for the local hospital all day. Western Europe.
My mom made reusable/washable/reversible face masks, what do you guys think?
These absolutely giant birds flocking around in this tree. Turkey Vultures maybe?
There’s a bird’s nest on one of the crossbeams under my deck.
If you get the right Oreo, the cracker can fit on the bottom area of a 12 fl oz can. Sorry for horrible camera quality...
Lysol to disinfect my groceries made the label look like good graphic design.
I was flipping my phone and I accidentally took a photo this is what it looked like
The middle of a carrot
Got my dog groomed today and realized he has a Batman symbol on his chest!
This pouch of chocolate milk
The way this water conforms to the tile edges
I appreciate this reusable packaging. Only seen it offered from Varusteleka though.
Inside of a bee tree.
My Xbox controller is so old that I have worn out a groove on the joystick
Circle of life tracks.
Cleaning a nook of my restaurant during this CORVID-19 slowness. Found a 20 year old blast from the past
N95 masks from 1997. Is this still okay to use for COVID19? The nose pad has crumbled and the yellow string is brittle.
A map of a 128’000 mine minesweeper I am doing. Confinement has got us up to some weird sh*t.
Since that other truck painting blew up, here’s a much “better” one I found
My first painting. Thank you covid-19 for making me branch out.
My provider put a Corona warning
Remembered Dad’s visuals from a 1965 educational lecture that illustrated proper TP use for each type of bodily waste. (This lecture was conducted after he had to use a plunger for some time.) Never knew it would serve me so well 55 years later.
I bought a bag of diced potatoes and there was an entire halved potato in it
A lonely plane in London sky this evening
the way this tree branch grew into a fence and got chopped off (oc)
Jobs Sneeze: Steve Jobs awkward sneeze, right into his own hand during an interview.
Nobody at the Wall Street Bull today. It’s the first time I’ve ever seen that during daylight hours.
If you search about:blank on chrome the results will be literally blank.
I’m scheduled as COVID since i’m on a 14 day quarantine
Guy has a picture of his truck and house on his truck
My wife and I have the same childhood pic. Temporary lockdown, early 89’s style.
This blue jay still has half of its baby fluff
This blue jay still has half of its baby fluff
This blue jay still has half of its baby fluff
People would pay good money for that caviar he’s wasting
This face that appeared on my pot lid
New financial help available from UK government to business and individuals. Quite interesting I think.
New financial help available from UK government to business and individuals. Quite interesting I think.
This adult bluejay still has half of its baby feathers
New financial help available from UK government to business and individuals. Quiet interesting and impressive I think.
A four leaf clover I found in the pages of a book my great aunt gave me. Figured I would make it into a bookmark
New financial help available from UK government to business and individuals. Quite interesting I think.
New financial help available from UK government to business and individuals. Quite interesting I think.
Landing gear after an emergency landing
Why does the shadow of my shorts look like a bald dude with a big nose?
Pollen collecting in puddles after the rain.
The water is al calm you can see the surface tension on this leaf
There are two types of people right now
This weed grew out of the baseboard inside of my house. Yes, my front yard is on the other side of this wall.
The way the tea leaves settled at the bottom of my cup
3 sons in a local cemetery, all died during WWI
Since my last post was removed for "title violations" This dentist has no shame about calling out people that are afraid of dentists.
The heart of an artichoke
A Photo Of An Empty Casino Floor; Taken Inside A Casino On The Las Vegas Strip. Inside Is Empty With Most Employees Being Laid Off, And The Doors Are Locked.
The company who made this puzzle hid a cat in it
My copy of City of Bones calls Shadowhunters “Darkhunters” instead
Four two dollar bill before being cut apart
Highway Driving During a Pandemic. My commute is usually packed with cars and heavy traffic.
Giant Sylvanian families figure in the window of a toy shop
Sweden, Not The Most But Requested :)
I was enjoying the warm weather today when the seam of my shorts aligned perfectly with the seam of my leg (I got re-tailored recently).
This frozen mud puddle looks like a topo map!
Caption This Picture of a Tree in My Park
These mutant strawberries I got today
Leis at the grocery store in Hawaii.
With NZ in lockdown, my workplace is required to stay open during the duration. These stickers are on every table in the break room
This Vomit Bag given to audiences of Mark of the Devil (1970)
According to HandSanitizerCalculator.com, I didn't need to buy 30 bottles last week...
My Psych Doctor's Office Has A Pretend Skylight.
This peeled raw egg with the membrane in tact
Cutting a chili pepper revealed a smiley face inside
The way my bed sheets are right now
1 day, 4 day and 2 week old avocados.
This almost perfect half and half string cheese compared to the others
“50,000 people used to live here... now it’s a ghost town.” A Photo Of An Empty Casino Floor; Taken Inside A Casino On The Las Vegas Strip. Inside Is Empty With Most Employees Being Laid Off, And The Doors Are Locked.
I just found the wrong gummy in a pack of fruit snacks
Decided to check speed of the plane after takeoff, the red arrow made 3 circles before stopping off scale.
My cat, but with glasses.
I've seen so many of these online... so excited to see one on my drive today!
I've seen so many of these online... so excited to see one on my drive today!
Selection of Old Items I Found Cleaning The Attic, ask for a country and I'll post a picture of the stamps :), these stamps had the most wow factor after a quick browse
Diamond Princess listed as a country on WorldMeters Coronavirus statistics chart
What it looks like when putting on glasses
Sand shark I made a while back.
2$ bill with gold in it
Stuck in a quarantine in Ushuaia, Argentina the mug the airbnb has for the tea is 85 years old 1st price of an egg producer
Spotted today on neighborhood walk: Skeletons and Halloween decorations
This Catan board my brother sent me today has really cool texture to all the game pieces and is visually pleasing af.
I wonder what's in the trunk? At least is keyless.
Yeah I’m that guy that got the family meal for myself .....
This water in a can they were serving on my flight
This puddle is liquid, but its splash zone is frozen
The line at my grocery store with social distancing markers showing you where to stand.
These seagulls
When you take a picture of my window screen it becomes blue and yellow.
When you take a picture of my window screen it becomes blue and yellow.
The rubber feet on the PS4 are shaped like the playstation controller's button icons.
This bottle of Jessica Alba wine I had in Kyrgyzstan
My dog’s toy looks like a coronavirus
This sign on the local liquid store
Wolf pack has a big secret.
The barcode on my Popcorners bag looks like a tractor in a cornfield
Since everyone is posting $2 USD Bills.. here are mine that I got as change after paying the cover at a strip club in North Carolina
The way these liquids don’t mix
I like the way :)
“Made w/ Love &amp; Glove” my company has lunch catered for all essential personnel, this was written on the box
I have a plant growing out of a clump of dirt on my driveway
Our neighbour put some toiletpaper out as an emergency ration
My "Waste Bank": One month's worth of one coin for every single-use plastic packaging used only once.
Helping my brother clean out his new house and found a bunch of stuff from the 70-80s, including this love letter asking “molly” to “go steady”
A good example of how trees counteract soil erosion
Doing quarantine schoolwork and my son goes "Hey dad, this boo-boo makes my thumb look like an elephant" and it totally does
This dentist...
Las Vegas traffic during the covid pandemic
Happy 72nd Birthday Mom! Here’s the $65 Minneapolis hospital bill for a week’s stay.
Social distancing done right, we should all follow these kids example
Sideways lollipop
This Apple has a heart on it
The heat from my laptops vent almost perfectly separated the 2 parts of the gum wrapper.
My mobile phone changed its network name to "stay home"
I had a mini Giant Strawb...
The size of a windmill (my dad for scale)
This bottle has 1000 mL printed on the side instead of 1 litre
My brothers phone is currently broken.
The burner is boiling water specifically above it.
My water given to my department from the Red Cross
Mushrooms growing on wood
A leaf has a heart on it
Checking my passport application... it’s like they know....
The skin of my egg didn’t brake.
Making dinner from what I can find in the shop
Conversion truck?!
Someone made balloons that make it look as if your car is being chased by missiles
There were two yolks in one of my eggs this morning
This Apple applications development VHS tape.
Bubbles on top of my soaking crock pot sitting by the window. Zoom in.
Just a random sweet pen- potato in my local supermarket
Downtown Boston, driving in to drop off protective gear to health care workers. Sunday, March 22 5pm.
Hulu added a new category for the quarantine
This OTP that warns about scams but looks like a scam itself
My son's Gone Fishin' game came with red sharks and blue lobster claws.
One of my hot pockets was packaged upside down.
This urinal at my work has a stall door
This urinal at my work has a stall door
This mildinteresting Reddit user’s recipe for chocolate chip cookies, I’ve been using since locked down.
How cargo is shipped on a passenger plane that’s currently not in use due to the coronavirus
Went caving yesterday in this cave where you rappel from the ceiling by a waterfall
This minecraft looking house my parents found while living on a sail boat in the Bahamas.
How cargo is shipped on a passenger plane that’s currently not in use due to the coronavirus
As the infrastructure continues to erode you can see where our street was once paved with boards.
As the infrastructure continues to erode you can see where our street was once paved with boards.
This minecraft looking house my parents found while living on a sail boat in the Bahamas.
2 $2 bills from 1928. Saw the post about the $2 bill found at a grandparents home. Thought I would share mine.
My mobile service provider changed their name today
Orange inside an orange.
This avocado has a face like Jabba The Hutt.
This truck has a Yeti porking a raccoon on the truck.
Spring in Romania! I woke up this morning and i saw this... in the middle of March
An old copper fork I just found in my yard
My city's buses taped the bus driver away from the commuters, due to the virus. We even had to enter through the back door.
Guy has a picture of his accordion not on his accordion
Safety first!
The label on my spaghetti sauce jar had another label underneath it that was pasted on wrong
Guy has a picture of his truck on his truck
My daily steps since being given remote access due to COVID-19 (starting from Wednesday)
These £1 Notes I Found Whilst Cleaning The Attic
This blank of a beer can.
This framed insect reflection
Waiting room in a GP surgery
This culvert pipe is made from wood. I’ve not seen that before
This $2 American bill I found in my grandma’s house
The way the icicle hangs off the tree.
My dog's favorite toy looks like the coronavirus. Its kind of triggering.
There’s so little milk at my local grocery store you can see right through to the back.
This 100+ year old lock I got from an Antique show
There was a bee in my raspberrys
Just saw this ad as I was scrolling down the feed
My chocolate sprinkles have a single whit sprinkle in them
Friend had these round dices
This yogurt cup smiling at me
Droplets reflect light differently when on transparent portion of a sunroof glass
COVID-19 Safe distance squares
Found this giant Vaseline that is as big as my hand
This Bugatti Veyron owner practicing social distancing in my local supermarket
COVID-19 Sade distance squares
Another picture of his truck on his truck guy
No plane tracks in the sky, I live near to the normally very busy Schiphol airport.
This stopwatch has been going for 83 days
I found a wild pink sheep on my Minecraft world, it only have a 0.164% chance of spawning naturally.
The state of Iowa has 99 counties, with room for 100, but Kossuth's size ruined that chance.
Th skin of my egg didn’t break.
Carrier name changed to prevent COVID-19 spread. (#StayInHome)
Carrier name changed to prevent COVID-19 spread. (#StayInHome)
This tiny pen I have.
My phone has a sign that says “stay home”
Some time after naming my wifi after me, I found this
My french toast egg mixture looks like some sort of planet
Decided to revisit watch dogs 2. Discorvered my wallpaper fits the loading screen perfectly.
Saw the post of a truck's tailgate, had to share a similar one.
Two bites of a quesadilla turned into the Batman logo
The way I dropped bolt(accidentally)
my neighbor has some huge hedges!
The Corona VW Bug
These troll statues around the world, there are only three that exist
mothers day pickled beetroot
This fact about stopping coronavirus I saw today
The bar code on this jar of habanero salsa.
I saw Groot while traveling down I-40 (his head was in the bed of the pickup)
I heard we were sharing trucks on trucks
I heard we were sharing trucks on trucks
Those very old wires in my house.they look like they are lead.
This little chicken wing-shaped pickle I found in my jar
Our hounds toy looks like the Corona Virus.
The way my bananas hanged themselves
Lamancha goats look like they don’t have ears.
A Truck Inside of A Car
Our Kahoot game
Gas got down to .89 cents in Tennessee this weekend!
This highly motivating coffee cup my grandparents found at a general store
The way the ramen boiled in the pot
My fiancee found a larger than average cut of oatmeal.
The way the screws stuck to my camera
This cup my grandparents found at their local general store
A microscopic view of tattooed skin
Los Angeles 91 - 710 split @ 7:30am on a Monday...
My baked pumpkin looks like a Viking boat
Fence boards matching up.
this face in my espresso crema
Found a egg munchkin in my breakfast
This part of a tree that grew through a fence
My office building installed foot door handles on all doors
The way my toolset opens up. Got to appreciate the small things in quarantine
I’m preparing
Not much has changed since 1664...
Little fish rained down onto our terrace in the middle of a big city in a phenomena known as “animal rain”
This is the biggest carrot I've ever seen.
This website tells you how long your toilet paper will last for.
How nature has taken this pool back. Imagine what it looks like below the surface
This park was flooded the whole summer and you can now clearly see where the water level was on the trees across the entire forest
Belgrade’s landmarks in colours of Italy
X ray update of the bullet in my upper spine
I walked my dog through the park this morning, and in the time it took us to double back around someone left this celery by the sidewalk.
Tapes on the floor on my local 7/11 to help practice social distancing
This is what we always wanted
Label on my Chap Stick was put on backwards
Check out this van with a man on it! Those dogs seem rather scary but he's enjoying himself by the looks of things.
News reporters following social distancy guidelines
What’s going on with this tree bark?
I see your picture of a man with a truck on his truck and raise you a picture of himself being happily mauled by dogs on his truck.
Snapchat map that looks like the hammer and sickle of the USSR
Mixed two different types of hand soap, got a forest of mushroom clouds (Rayleigh-Taylor instability)
This tomato that got forgotten behind the coffee maker and is now sprouting
Authorities regulating social distancing in Francs at the Farmer’s Market
Our van went out for repair yesterday. It snowed overnight. The fresh snow on the driveway is where the van usually is.
Microsoft's satellite has captured part of a recent storm in my area
Chicago blue line through all downtown stops at 8:30am this morning
The top biscuit of this bourbon was put on upside down
The top biscuit of this bourbon was put on upside down
Covid-19 Quarantine warnings outside a house
The “best by” date on this beverage.
These picture of presidents made entirely out of pennies and quarters.
My stick of incense is all incense, no holder stick.
This old coin bag that has a 1/2p coin denomination on it
I'm in isolation for 14 days... organized my controller drawer
This crayon street
3 Seasons - Composting Pumpkin, Snow, and Blooms
Seems a tad tone deaf, but okay. Also, what is that clip art?
Black walnut trees are poisonous to the ground below. One can have a nice lawn or the tree. Not both.
No bones about it, this is the ribbed stitch pattern of auntie’s cardigan, spine and all.
A puzzle I bought has a magnifying glass with a spelling error
The Braille on Japanese beer
Costco's latest newsletter uses a flower design that looks like the coronavirus
Today's date overlaps with the one in the game I'm playing.
The way the bricks melted the snow but the spaces between didn't.
This toothpick crossbow I found in my attic
Guy has a picture of his truck on his truck
The way the bushfires melted the plastic cover of this sign
My phone seems to be confused. At odds with itself.
A few days into spring and I woke up to snow
My sister's cat getting in on the DPD delivery action.
This shadow of a fence that looks like stair
Albino deer Minor Hill, TN
Since Coronavirus my father works from home, in the computer room. This is my hallway gaming/social distancing setup. Sorry for bad picture
A long grape
There's a sad face in one of my set screws.
The Minecraft menu screen - in light of the COVID-19 outbreaks around the world
With everything closed some fitness apps are making their services free.
Gods final F-You to earth this year
I was a exchange student in the US back in 1998. Saved a page from a magazine.
This white egg yolk
This cut that looks like a lightning bolt
Hamilton and Burr's duel site in Weehawken, NJ
Bit messy, but working from home is so much better than the office (hope the piano comes out right)
Folks perusing the cherry blossoms in DC
This paint splotch that looks like a lion’s head
The Way How the Tree Roots Grow Follows the Gaps Between Bricks
My dog has a heart on her chest.
The controller on my NES socks is slightly wrong
On a farm in Norway. It's a pig called Tesla because of the logo on its nose. Please upvotes for Elon to see. Link:https://www.mittlillehammer.no/tesla-blir-reality-kjendis/s/5-114-5578?access=granted
So I made my own open and close helmet thing. I'm 13. I am eligible to use reddit
Watch an ad to get rid of ads
Watch an ad to get rid of ads
This graffiti
My Economist newspapers from 2/1 and 3/21 respectively.
Kangaroos Can't Fart
These batteries have been staying in this car toy for 10 years!!
The only American bathroom stall I’ve ever seen without a gap
This multipack of tuna has completely blank cans inside
A picture of the sun that makes it look like a lemon.
A picture I took that makes the sun look like s lemon.
Carrot finger
This car looks more feminine than me
The Novotel Melbourne sharing the love
The way my mirror distorts the painting hanging on the other side of my room
The way my mirror distorts the painting hanging on the other side of my room
The outline my dog’s toy left after a little bit of light rain
My Steel Order
Wave looks like a heart
Social distancing boxes in Singapore (bench, ATM, store, elevator).
Social distancing boxes in Singapore (bench, ATM, store, elevator)
It started snowing today - I haven't seen that happen in late March in my life.
There is a dish called “Cholera” in Switzerland.
Vending Machine selling Edible Insects
Pedestrian lights are now automated
[OC] Roses.. a gift for all time..
These scallions for giants I found at our local market.
This pear is quite a bit longer than usual
Why. Just. Why.
10 Impossible Places on Earth.
Many Dutch restaurants started their own take-away to compensate for losing clientele. My order came with a roll of toilet paper as well :)
These boxes at my work can perfectly allign with b's
this darth vadar snow sculpture
Serving size for this yoghurt is 100 grams so the nutritional information is identical for both columns.
The loading animation looks like an orbit
My dog notorious P.U.G. Wearing a pequeño sombrero
This 38 year old garden shed being barely held up by one post
There's a small heart in my chai
Same post 3 times
20mph is apparently too fast for slow children at play
This torrent file of Lucifer is exactly 6.66 gigs
As requested footfist.
My camera caught an owl handling its prey during witching hours.
Don't know how it works but it does?
Nice job with the eco friendly packing
(OP) The way this ice fell into the cup
There's a duck crossing in my town
Credit to u/Wowthisslapps for inspiration. Got extra bored so I made this. The scrolling is impossible to keep consistent.
Is there any way that i can somehow connect this speaker to my phone it isn’t bluetooth and just has these two wires
My phone is telling me to stay safe whenever I unlock it (top left corner, iPhone XR)
When you press the mute button on my TV remote, it first goes to "1/2 mute"
What happen this time?
Neil Diamond Gives ‘Sweet Caroline’ A Less-Touchy Makeover For Coronavirus
A picture I took through a crystal
Spotify giving CDC website
I came across this a couple of months ago and it made me wonder what else was given on that 40th birthday 30 years ago.
A four leaved clover.
How the water separated into three separate drops and the excess water retracts back to the spout
Cafe at the 5th station on Mt. Fuji serves volcano shaped food (curry in this pic)
The diagonal light streaks against the stained glass make my photo of this chapel feel rather divine.
oh look, a flying fuck
This tiny orange I found under my orange tree
MercadoLibre (latin American version of eBay) changed their logo to show two elbows touching instead of the previous logo of a handshake. The other logo is their business platform MercadoPago which hasn’t been switch yet.
This box my husband made for our marbles &amp; dice. All of the dice fit perfectly in their portion of the box.
Little Unicorn from US Dollar bill note. Tutorial: https://youtu.be/it_UWnmnlu0
This box my husband made for our marbles &amp; dice. All of the dice fit perfectly in their portion of the box.
My parents' temporary chicken cage
This grape has a smaller grape attached to it
Caught my girls third eyelid mid-close as she licked her paw.
This avohearto is cute.
Avo heart ❤️
That is what etch a sketch looks in the inside.
This pen that lights up
With a single case of Corona, the Vatican is the 6th country with most cases per 1M population
"Quality Checked" is misspelled on my milk
Rapper Pouya performed his concert on Instagram live because of the corona virus, with his wife as his DJ.
Tornado Green Snake (CTTO)
Found this shoe inside the roots of a palm tree in my back yard. Don't know how it went unnoticed for so many years.
I was reading when I decided to ventilate the room because it was too hot. Got blessed with the first snow I see in 3 years.
Found a piece of Chip almost as big as my fist.
So windows can stop snow and clouds from showing up from the other side
Found a single piece of potato chip almost as big as my fist.
I was reading, and decided to open the window because it was hot in the room. For my surprise I was blessed with the first snow I see in the past 3 years.
Tiny grape I found! Sitting on an AirPod case for scale.
We picked u dinner from a local burger place and it was given to us in this sealed bag.
Found this lying around...
My dad’s collection of books
Waste some quarantine time by trying to ID as many as you can
This is for u/Where-TF-is-rs
What he invented again?
This frog got caught on the train tracks
If you don't want mint, you get less floss.
One of these things is not like the others
The color of the soap
Pink lemons. Completely natural.
Just wanted to spread this around reddit
My daughter talking to her neighbor friend.
This carrot has feetsies
I peeled a lime
An Angel's blessing my heavenly pizza
The TSA area in PDX is empty
I can palm a basketball with my feet! JK
There was one piece of macaroni in my pasta today!
Stuck at home due to coronavirus, so we decided to plant some vegetables, and this is the garden hoe's brand. Can't escape the corona
curious grafiti ;-;
Playdates in the time of covid: my son brought his binoculars so he could see his friend up close.
I have two crowns on my head instead of one
Handicap fishing spot by the river
The way the snow accumulated on these utility access boxes in my front yard
this strawberry
Covid-19 coffee splash, in *MY* SINK
A fiber optic cable with a laser shining through it.
My sister's sunflower looks like it's upside-down
My favourite cooking item: The half-spoon
Bernie and I have the same cat.
Saw a post about a peanut growing in a garden on here today. It reminded of a time in high school I found a tiny plant growing in a water fountain.
I took a picture the Great Orion nebula in the sky over the forest
Bought a new DVD player and this was in it. I guess my DVD player isn’t “new” after all.
We couldn’t find any hand sanitizer. So we made our own with chalk and tempera.
A rectangular hole in a cloud.
i somehow keep glitching reddit to have a split screen
This baby carrot looks like a boot and when I hold it like this next to my German Shepherd it looks like she’s wearing fancy boots.
Some of my thin spaghetti wasn't fully cut
This old Columbia sleeve explaining how records give more.
LEDs soldered together
just a stick i found
Nike ad today on a comic I was reading.
"Molson's Appointment"... a paving stone in my backyard absorbed a newspaper.
The window lights in the background on the 3 houses equal to a full house with all lights on, but not one house has the same light on.
A pepper within a pepper.
A box of gum I painted
This coffee stain looks kind of like a lllama
This square ice cream my grandma got at a store in Estes Park, Co
My pants looks like a rose or something.
Inside a mall, in America, during business hours, sort of terrifying.
this watermelon ring with no hole (right)
Wait for it...
A random Sculpture in a Park in Seoul
Everyone in India gathering and clapping together during the lockdown to thank all the doctors and various workers who are working tirelessly during this pandemic. #IndiaComeTogether
This gym shut down so quick it left its Grand Opening sign up.
My book got wet
The 'ol Avocado style sewer cover
This fortune cookie came unfolded
Miniatures being prepared for Spin Casting
Whenever you need to ensure social distancing, just throw on your purge mask.
This farfella in a bag of ziti pasta.
Two adults, two cats, single family house, one week since my last vacuuming.
They seem nice
I have been quarantining my deliveries for 3 days before I open them.
All of the data on my indoor/outdoor thermometer still works upside down.
I had two little spoons in my tuna snack pack.
I cooked the perfect pot of isolation pasta today
My mom wanted me to share her "perfect quarantine moment," a rainbow shining over some toilet paper, with Reddit.
Model T Ignition Box &lt;1913
There’s a wet nazi on my cutting board
No it’s not....
AT&amp;T sent my business’s network equipment with these cardboard packing peanuts instead of styrofoam ones
Found a 2007 copy of the Rolling Stones while quarantine-cleaning today. Rifled through and saw this ad. I totally forgot about this show!!
Only one of the peanuts in my container still had the skin on it
Jamba Juice’s new logo is 666. The Devil
These lovely socks I managed to get from the Coca Cola truck
A rooster just appears on my lawn out of nowhere.
Curtains and hardwood floors on my inter-city bus in Singapore
GAP Kids PJs are flame resistant
The way this tree root is growing makes it look like toxic sludge
I saw a two headed bird of paradise on my walk
Green gradient on my newly unfurled leaf
My boyfriend got a different kind of potato chip in his chips/fries.
Only one yellow in my package of sour patch kids today.
This car encased in marble.
Hulu added a new category for the quarantine
Found this mixed in with my gold fish today
I drew a perfect i :)
This lemon from my mom's lemon tree
This heart-shaped potato
As the rest of the world goes into quarantine, Japan carries on as normal. This was my morning commute today.
I own the same pair of bird scissors that are on my magnet box.
This field of birds social-distancing at a park today
Curtains after ~10 years of exposure to the sun
Here is what a 100 year old Wisconsin license plate looks like
Saw this while counting my money. Harriet Tubman should be on the $20.
Best to worst states for skin health. (Rated based on Humidity, Stress, and Pollution)
My reddit alphabet does not have the letter B as to subs on the left
My rain water bucket made another bucket when leaving in the cold for a few days.
Faceless gummy bear
My dog shaking off after a bath
This avocado had a very small seed.
Whilst doing quarantine cleaning I came across this.
My old phone is still logged into my reddit account on the day that I left it
Finally harvested this 6 month old indoor bell pepper to find that the seeds had germinated.
E.T. in a tree
A map I drew :)
The inside of an iPad charger brick
This bit of balloon that deteriorated after being stretched
My girlfriend who is not a Star Trek fan accidentally dressed like a redshirt complete with badge and black collar
This blackberry that fused with a raspberry in my mixed fruit container.
My cell company changed their name to "StayHome" to remind people to practice social distancing
This screw that you’ve probably noticed if you ever had to replace your PS4 hard drive
This USB cable can go in both ways!
How the branches on this tree grew straight up next to the lines.
This giant flake I had in my cereal
This watch’s hypnotic mechanism
I’m Australian, and my sunburn has peeled in the shape of Australia
She’s winking at me
An extremely small banana!
HowMuchToiletPaper.com will tell you how long your current supply of toilet paper will last you.
Tree growing around a rock
The ice in my drink looks like Po from Kung Fu Panda
An old dirty sidewalk with some chalk marks. C: u/ooObrenOoo
This plastic zipper bag has two pads of sandpaper that let you grip and twist instead of a slider to open it.
Cool looking eggs
This ambulance bus in the Netherlands
I don’t think it is spelled like that. Purchased from my local Tractor Supply store.
Found a worm in my summer squash.
This green light makes this pink strap look black
A massive wild turkey checking out its own reflection in front of our office. Thankfully not becoming aggressive.
So the interview I went to was a bust, but i did get to see this sign in the parking lot
Left handed marker
My 31 pound dog compared to a wolf.
Social distancing on a public bus in Bahrain. No sitting across and behind each other.
I found a long cini mini in my muesli
An new common standard for stores
These guitar-learning books from the 30’s I found in my closet
These guitar-learning books from the 30’s I found in my closet
This tree ate an old wire fence.
My mobile network operator changed their name due to the Corona virus outbreak
This “monster” I made out of my gum rapper
In r/Canada the up and down vote icons are a maple leaf.
This orange that I just had piled
Shelf building instructions include listening to music
My store is Finally Rationing
The way that rain in the distance looks like some kind of mystical barrier
I was searching through my great aunts basement and found confederate currency.
This seed pod looks like a burning forest
My local grocery store with social distancing lines taped on the floor.
Today we hosted a Six Foot Sundae Stop where neighbors could see each other and not get too close. Great for cabin fever.
What he invented again?
The pen on a string at my local ATM has been taped to the hand sanitizer to keep it from being stolen.
The shape of these solar panels...
These two light poles in the middle of a park
This wine comes with a complimentary face mask.
A hawk perched on a stop sign with a squirrel in its talons.
Friends new apartment had ice ready and somehow 2 cubes froze upward.
This Oreo had an imprint in the icing
This Oreo had an imprint in the icing
This Oreo had an imprint in the icing
I unintentionally ate my sandwich into a Texas like shape (POV makes it look weird)
This green light makes this pink strap look black
these crocheted virus masks for $25
The soda I spilled mixed with the pollen on the ground.
these crocheted virus masks for $25
Someone coloured the bricks around this park bench
Someone parked an ark near my house
My bathroom door handle kinda looks like a cute baby elephant when turned 45 degrees.
I found a strawberry growing in the gutter on my isolation walk
Avocados surfing socks
The inside of this bowl looks like the coronavirus/covid-19
The national kitchen cabinet association.
For some reason I have a PS2 game that's newer than my PS3 game
The New And Upcomming Brand Fuck...
My match looks like a pipe.
A wild duck laid an egg out in the open after getting spooked by a hawk
This apple I found
Local grocery employees picking up items for customers
A straight banana
My dad is a carpenter, and the outhouses at the place he works have these massive rolls of toilet paper. He bought one home.
My towel rack installation instructions has a cut out where you can just tape the premeasured marks on the wall and drill.
This 3.4 pound carrot
This Star Trek mug has a handle shaped like a Vulcan ear.
The shape of these solar panels...
This double-exposed photo
This rock formation I found on a beach
Caught my cat mid lick when trying to take his photo
Saw “end of the world” beer at Costco today
I’ve accidentally worn down my S key in the same spot with my fingernail over 8 years of use.
Just found a conjoined chip
The dead mouse I found on my porch
This fruit pectin (used to make jams/jellies) that my mom just found expired before my sister (age 18) was born
Engraving in stone
My mom saw Cotton Hill in a flashback on King of the Hill, and remarked how much he looked like my grandfather when he was a young Marine
This model train I have that has a bunch of gears on the side of it
Fire trucks in my town playing national anthem to boost spirits.
These two screw drivers were once identical (the handles, not the metal)
This penny worn down by the laundry machine
My dog got a lump removed from his back at the end of January. The hair around his scar grew back, the area shaved around it didn't.
Plane flying overhead
Someone on OfferUp selling an iPhone has some really weird calendar notifications.
My water bottle’s sweat made a paw
This eight shaped onion ring
My ice tray has little spikes and I have no clue why
My local Dunkin' put Munchkins between the donuts to keep them in place.
She know too much
An iPhone 6 screen versus the original iPhone.
Saw a lizard working on a new tail while out on a walk today.
The way these two captions and picture line up perfectly.
A maple leaf that froze in ice, then removed.
This beach wood looks like an ice dragon.
The Scissors That Are Made To Look Like A Bird
The little pods in oranges that hold the juice
Life finds a way.
My dogs tones and shades blending in nicely with this rug.
Life finds a way.
Large antique nuts
The danish Counter Strike team Astralis changed their names in their recent Pro League Tournament.
Never noticed the bread had mold on it so this is what came out of the toaster
Just noticed I've been wiping my butt with rabbits and grass this whole time
My dad ordered a guitar from Walmart and they sent him this instead.
My potatoes made geometric bubble patterns in the pan.
My brother has had this rocking horse for 3 years and I just flipped it over and realised that it's vintage! (USSR 70's)
This mold growing on my wife's leftovers
These cucumber-shaped grapes
This picture I took of wild monkeys in Thailand
Found while walking the pup
A census billboard where I live in Arabic
The size of this brussel sprout I received at work
The way ice formed on my wheel while driving.
My Nutella has little chocolate balls throughout it
This boiled egg with a yolk that sunk to the bottom.
These puzzle pieces fit together so tightly I’m having to remove them one piece at a time to put it away
Made a tiny picture of big bro and I back in the day for this tiny frame. Dk if this belongs here, sub suggestions appreciated!
Whole Foods sells cakes that look like cheeseburgers
If it weren't for that "3" I would have an exact 1,234,567 Delta skymiles
This girl lined up with the picture below her.
This onion that I bought sprouted in the package before I could use it
I own the same measuring spoons as shown on the cornstarch box
A peephole that you don’t have to press your face against.
If I weren't for that "3" I'd have score a perfect 1,234,567 miles on Delta
My bananas became so ripe, they unpeeled themselves!
The way the this frozen duck packaging was folded and changed the ingredients.
The McDonald's in my town is using a pole to take payment at the drive-through while the restaurant part is closed for social distancing.
These egg yolks have tree rings
My work has change the dining room layout again to make it even more social distant.
This church's clock stopped ticking at the same moment the earthquake happened in Zagreb at 6:25am
Always so sad seeing the extent of the honeybee culling, you might need to zoom in.
This potato having a nap
My store-bought pizza had its pepperoni on one side only
Did a DIY-mask with inline metal wire and a dense fabric at the insidelayer
Reddit duplicated the exact same post with same likes and comments.
The Salt Lake City Airport during " Rush Hour". #Covid-19 #CoronaVirus
When the sunlight hits it just right, the apple on the back of a MacBook will show through on the screen
Flattened out Fiat 126
My 5 year old caught a fly on the first try with his drink cap
On R/blue the upvotes are blue and the downvotes are orange
A cutting board after being used for five years at a restaurant
Don’t slip on the Banana
They say that you should work from home, so here I am making pizzas!
These carrots that my wife found this morning.
A local boutique store gave their mannequins paper plague doctor masks.
The way the sun looks today.
This message in a bottle I found.
What the entire Internet looked like in 1973
Discovered in its exiled existence in the woods.
These bananas turned black after being in the refrigerator
The way these tree roots grow next to the water
Pasta sauce in my bowl looks like North America
My Wife give me Baby Yoda Mug one for me
Close-up of a photogenic squirrel
Baby Yoda one for me
Nature finds a way
Someone forgot to cut the threads into this screw
Westworld practicing social distancing (S1E2/Oct 2016)
This coffee cup
my gf found this slice of pickle with tiny hands in it
My coworker received this toilet paper roll as a tip the other day (bible verse included)
Hand washing stations for the homeless
Glass cracked all the way around from cold water in a hot glass
Coffee creamer I bought at Walmart says "Flight Test Water Not For Sale"
This tree that grows *with gravity.
This tree that grows against gravity
Half broccoli half cauliflower?
Card labyrinth I made with all this time.
My daughter's Andre the Giant shirt thrown on her bedroom floor. AND
my girlfriend arranged a planter's box cutout and and ultrasound of our baby together
I hand carved a Witcher’s medallion out of a 2400 years old Bog Oak. No wood stain here, just oil.
Small korean liquor shop next to Zion Market gave us sanitizing wipes with our Soju!
Pepper growing in a pepper
The face in my yogurt. I poured it out &amp; saw this
This car with chandelier headlights
The hotel i’m staying at now serves breakfast in a sack instead of the usual buffet style offering.
The fact that this got recommended, many people must have mistyped it.
Social distancing in Florida
Every holiday these people dress up the lion statue outside their home. This time, it's a mask, gloves, and a protective suit.
There was a green egg in my egg carton
My sister posted this pic of her dragon, Spike, on FB and I had a good laugh! Thought I’d share.
I hand carved a Witcher's medallion out of Bog Oak that is about 2400 years old
That's one way to grow taller,stay in bed all day.
My Cat’s Africa Shaped Urine Clump
How to get taller:Stay all day
Pink pineapples
A picture of a dinosaur I drew signed by the paleontologist who Alan Grant from Jurassic park was based off of.Search it he was on the sets of some of the movies!
This Apple advert
We have a peanut growing in our flower bed that we didn’t plant
Found Stalin soda at a local store
My neglected cherry tomatoes have started sprouting in their skins.
These two silverware packets fused into one (normal silverware packet for scale)
Since the new colours on the s20 are pretty bland, and Dbrand was a little pricey for me (in UK), I made my own for £7
My dog’s little green tattoo signaling he is already fixed. (Sorry for the stickers, I wanted to give him a little privacy.)
Honesty does work out sometimes :) ibotta is cool
"Alexa, cure Covid."
Tiny pickle I found during lunch
I left this coke bottle out in the sun for a while and the side that was facing up faded to yellow
Thermal X, Joya Miya. Thermochromic ink. Video
Burnt Veggie Straw I found I found in the bag
I found a Dr Pepper can older than me floating in Lake Union today. “Be a Pepper” was the slogan from 1977-1985
The 4 wire connector fits on 2 wire light strips and the correct wires line up perfectly.
This egg has 2 yolks
Phone cases I painted today (iPhone 7&amp;8 plus)
Found this on Chinese social media. Lol
The way a whither orchid bud looks like a orchid mantis ready to strike.
The definition of 'farting' from a late 1800s Webster's dictionary.
My cup of joe exhibits discrete gradient from coffee to milk
my cellular provider (Partner IL) changed its name due to the coronavirus
This is part of the problem. Just because pubs are shut doesn't mean you should have a garden party.
The reflection of my car is being symmetrically mirrored both on the outside and on the inside of this little compartment with the trunk button.
I just went to play some music and
The same actors playing the opposite roles in two different ads
The lid of my mom’s aluminum pot is perfectly balanced.
My Dad is 86 and hasn't left his home in over a month. He decided to make the best of his lack of access to a barber and said, "I'll just let it grow all out and become a hippie". Will update with progress pics.
Our pizza place blessed us with a free roll
The weird swirly patterned inside of a red cabbage
The weird swirly patterned inside of a red cabbage
My cell operator changed its name to “StayHome”
Our pizza place gave us a free roll
A cool spiral balloon from my cousins bday party
This amazing dog face cake made with only one technique
The tail lights on this Mini
Posted before with wrong picture. Edmonton Alberta from the west. The sun looks like a mushroom cloud with stantech tower visible if you zoom in.
Wait a second, this doesn’t feel right...
My English muffin kinda looks like a BB-8
You can trademark colors
I took a photo of the sunset through my binoculars and it kind of look like jupiter
You can trademark colors
A sage and woman meditating inside a cave in southern India. [OC]
Edmonton Alberta from the west on March 21 the sun looks like a mushroom cloud with stantech tower visible if you zoom in.
Half a marble
The teat on this lemon
The way my charger knotted
It took a year, and multiple awesome redditors around the world, but I able to get my second book photographed at each of the oldest operating Taverns on every continent. 7/7 complete. Cheers.
Trees that grew halfway into the ground
Posted somewhere on a wall
This branch I just cut down, looks like a cartoon turkey...
A carbon paper bar receipt from 2003 found in a library book
These two double yolk eggs I got in a row
This is how McDonald's in my town is keeping the drive through open. The restaurant part is closed to customers.
This sanitizing wipe dispenser with a security device
The quarantine table - bringing in the groceries during COVID-19 pandemic
The way this ice froze over a covered water fountain
This avocado I just had for breakfast
This avocado I just had for breakfast
Evolution of a bolt
Local store places social distancing lines in the cashier’s queue, and plastic shields between employers and clients.
That's Marine drive from Mumbai, India. 1.4 billion indians isolated themselves today to fight Corona virus. Our PM named it "Janta Curfew". Curfew imposed by people on themselves. Cheers to the spirit of India.
Europe but flags replaced with countries with similar population. [OC]
Normal coins vs coins found in the washing machine
Another one now it’s happy face potato
I found this in my towns big lots
Walmart’s pies have there logo on it
This comment section is infinite with the same comments and profiles...
I spilled some water on the floor by accident and the water puddle kinda looks like a seahorse
Building developer in Houston gives some canvas space to a local persistent tagger
The way this circular light reflects in my eyes
One dollar bills with the numbers 1 apart.
The first vid uploaded to YouTube got recommended to me,you probably don’t care but I found it cool
My grandmother didn’t return this wooden dry cleaning hanger before she died.
This funky chip I got with 2 holes in it
This typo in a first aid kit booklet
The way the barcode rolls
Duolingo offers classes in learning both Klingon and High Valyrian
Just bought a cheese pretzel stick with a knife baked into it
i crocheted a butt plug
My 10+ Years old Spongebob Helium Balloon
This sliced ham looks like it’s out of focus
This Mini Hot Dog that Shipped With My Contacts
This black carrot with an orange core
This ambulance bus transporting COVID-19 patients in the Netherlands
Minecraft splash texts giving advice on what to do regarding Covid-19
I got to the bottom of my page (don’t mind my notifications)
Discovered a pomelo tree on campus. Fruit are full of seeds.
My cheese seems to be from the rounded corner of whatever it was sliced from
I was charging all my stuff via wall outlet. When I unplugged my USB hub from the wall, the portable charger (silver) took over charging the other stuff.
Sunset from airplane
My local dairy has a vending machine so you can buy direct from the source
Swirl patterns of the pollen on the courts
Blinds in my new house.
A professor friend recording a class lecture from his garage at midnight
Drained a pen over the course of 3 weeks taking notes for a certification exam I am studying for.
Blinds in my new house.
On a scale of One to Banana, this is the biggest gorram carrot I have ever seen
Natural Indoor filtration...
This giant world map on my wall from 1981.
A perfectly triangular icicle my little sister found
How this book I'm reading is showing the importance of spell-checking by hand
This perfectly white pigeon
My creamer is missing a "sell by" date. Guess this means it's good forever?
These very flat clouds
A cloud of thick dust ominously expands from the just fallen World Trade Center at about walking speed and people are just walking away from it
Apparently my fertilizer imparts (passes on) diseases? Probably should have looked up that word before putting it on the packaging.
This Today Show FB post description was not edited before posting.
Millions of self quarantined people in India clapping at the same time across the country to appreciate the emergency service personnel who are working hard against Corona Virus
The clips holding up my bathroom mirror look like hands
TV light simulator
This paper-thin sheet of ice that formed at the gas station is pure art
TV light simulator
This book I downloaded on my Kindle, 3rd November 2018.
Found a small stone in my garden with a hole in it that contained spider eggs.
This phone booth in my parents garden
How beautiful my car wash was!
This Japanese restaurant had a rock garden on the wall.
I found a tiny pine cone
A weird-shaped egg
This looped haribo with no loop
this glass of squash that didn’t mix when the water was added
I accidentally snapped this at the perfect moment trying to run away
This Eagle's nest on a Wi-Fi tower
‘Acupuncture’ pillow over time relieves pain [OC]
This cheetah camouflaging
Millions of self quarantined people in India clapping at the same time across the country to appreciate the emergency service personnel who are working hard against Corona Virus
the way sky and even houses reflect on a wall
Each bacon slice has a bottom hook
So yesterday I was streaming some pokémon ans this happened
And the goat says, "Meh".
The way this egg dried up
Rainbow around the sun
Social distancing ad in The Hindu
The public hand sanitizer in my local Walmart has an alarm attached.
The second half of this toilet paper roll isn't perforated.
Antique arrow my great grandfather brought back from Africa. More details in comments.
A gift of 2 lbs of ground beef wrapped in ground beef wrapping paper.
I 3D Scanned a coin - well almost... the entire coin
This freshly trimmed tree... kinda looks like a giant mushroom
Visiting my parents and due to all the toilet paper frenzy this is the first time I've noticed this sign. Sorry mom they hoarded all the butt paper.
Hellbender statue
cleaning during the quarantine I found this vinyl among my dad's
The entirely unintentional dragon with rider in the foam of my latte
Saw this in rural Germany : came back 4 hours later to find it had been fixed
Leaving a flower stem in food coloring makes the petals look cartoony
Paper towel after I wiped a TV screen from an indoor smoking apartment
Everyone in India gathering and clapping together despite the lockdown to thank all the doctors and various workers who are working tirelessly during this pandemic. #IndiaComeTogether
The way the snow is stuck on the wall
The way the top of the cupboard reflects in this oven dish, making it look like a layer of sand
The hair in my bathroom looks frustrated
My local mcdonalds is encouraging social distancing with designated standing squares. I assume this is a running trend
My lightbulb twisted out it's sheath when I tried to remove it from the light fitting.
Coronavirus cleaning and found this old bottle of wine branded for the 1998 World Cup
Romanian phone carriers are urging people to stay at home via the network name (#stayathome)
My Blanket dark green matches the way my mattress edges
My 18 month old daughter held a bottle of hand sanitiser for the first time and already knew what to do with it from watching us
My cellular company changed their name to “StayHome” to encourage people to stay home
Found this in my kitchen, looks exactly like sweden
This piece of rock has what seems like a jumping goat in it-
We meant cats.
okay..if you see it
I thought you were gone, forever.
Okay
I handmade “Quarantine Journals” to keep people inspired during these strange times!
Hemingway, you selfish bastard
NZ government currently requires everyone to sign in at cafes and restaurants to help trace the spread of Covid-19
I Reached a Milestone Last Week...
The pope taking a stroll during lovkdown
Popular Indian newspaper's cover page today, the day of a nationwide curfew
Shot this in Bratislava (SK) yesterday. Thought you might appreciate the juxtaposition.
Adopting high quality material Face Mask that is breathable and bring you a comfortable feeling and protection against Virus.
In Denmark, many people rush outside now that the weather is good. Today, the police reminded everybody to stay inside via a mass text to every phone
Light reflecting off my window blinds
My ice cream has a comic strip on it
The right side of the photo is actually buildings but is covered by rain (Singapore)
This sign on my trains toilet
This potato that looks like a heart
How the pizza place labeled our jalapeño &amp; pineapple pizza
How the pizza place labeled our jalapeño &amp; pineapple pizza
My 22nd birthday - my mom is amazing &lt;3
Just received my 2000 face masks Let's save the world!
Prototype Pepsi Can with reusable cap
This building In New Zealand
There was a strong earthquake in Zagreb, Croatia this morning
Moss grow as hair on this stuffed animal in the forest
Mercado libre (famous online marketplace in latinamerica) recently changed their logo due to the covid-19 outbreak in order to make good conscience about sanitary regulations
An unusual mask
Aesthetic chop
Smurf gummies that have colors reversed (head should be blue)
An interesting choice of alternative for ‘toilet rolls’.
Meanwhile in Russia
I bought a 'jeroboam' of Carlsberg the other day. I've never seen such a big bottle of beer
These beautiful Tianzi Mountains in China.
When games say Easter eggs, they usually don't mean literal easter eggs... I literally found an Easter egg in this game.
In Colombia the movil carrier name text was changed to “Quédate en casa” which translates to “stay in home”
In Colombia the movil carrier name text was changed to “Quédate en casa” which translates to “stay in homes”
According to this flat-cap label, toddlers in the UK have bigger heads than those in Canada and the US
This coffee cup that tells you how to properly recycle each part
I saw someone post the purple bell pepper, and here’s a white one
a perfect five leaf clover
The whipped cream on the side of this BigFoot Java cup kind of looks like BigFoot.
The whipped cream on the side of this BigFoot Java cup kind of looks like BigFoot.
5 serial numbers in order
The distance these news presents are sat apart due to social distancing/Covid-19.
This triple craze (not quite sure if this is fitting for this subreddit)
Since you wanted it, punctuation and numbers
My tortie cat with a tabby tail.
Roots finding easy hydration in the downspout extension
Local Houston tagger Rowdy is saved a spot down Montrose Blvd in Houston.
This picture of the sun looks like a atomic bomb
This picture of the sun looks like a atomic bomb
This golden orb spider with a skull on it
Everyone is panic buying 9mm but not .40 S&amp;W, 45 ACP, 357 or best mm.
I thought it was a Photoshop at first...
r/pics community awards.
The lower half of this tree is frozen from being splashed by traffic
Made some Naruto Pixel art on MS paint. its not the best but I tried
Result of mass self-isolation in Mumbai. You can hear the only sound of birds chirping
I found a stray ripple chip in my bag of smooth ones
I can’t be the only person with 2 different shaped eyes, right?
My cat has two thumbs on each front paw
What he invented again?
The path my plane took to my hometown, making the trip 3x longer than normal
This shadow looks like a man holding out his hand (or with a big dong your choice)
This chip bag misprint
Got a free extra dish and a thank you when ordering in sushi.
Meanwhile, in Mexico
A collage I made of a street light changing colors.
the words “fuck a noodle” written on a carnival ride i went on last summer
This pen came with a tiny cap
The way my local grocery store started double wrapping bread to reduce the spread of corona virus.
A calculator mouse made by Canon?
I spent an hour and separated them by color
This ad is missing Colorado
This book I downloaded on my Kindle, 3rd November 2018.
Look what the cat dragged in
Pic of the night sky i took.
A large piece of cardboard is used to cover the seat of the motobikes so it won’t get hot.
Th cooster in the Airbnb I'm staying in has seen some shit.
this tree that ate a fence
My cellular provider changing the text displayed on the top corner from the name of the company to “stay home”
This art at my dentist's office
The restaurant I work at is giving a free roll of toilet paper with your order
Postcard I found in Vietnam looks a bit like me.
There was like a rainbow ring around the sun today
This mug that doesn’t need a coaster
INCREÍBLE #AVISTAMIENTO #OVNI #OLEADA DE MARZO #QUEDATEENCASA Y SEGUIMO...
Does this sign have any use in this world?
This egg one of the chickens laid
A small Indent of the Nike logo left from my glasses
Went for a walk to take my mind off things and forgot I lived a block from this road. Irony.
When the comments and upvotes match the subject in an interesting way
Mildly entertaining during quarantine
My banana bread looks almost exactly the same as the countertop. I lost it over an hour ago.
My Specially Curated Handful
Because my friend made me
Leaving a flower stem in food coloring makes its petals look like a cartoon
My Protection
I am mildly interesting
My Sister In Law Ordered Take Out, This Came With It
Picture of people drinking beer and social distancing my buddy got outside of his house
My bird(Link) between mirrors
It's u/vredditdownloader's cake day.
[u/etymologynerd] A list of most viruses and their name origins.
My dog's eye is hang blue and half brown
This crate from Jack Links beef jerky fits nine cans perfectly
Old sonic remote controller
Had a blister that filled with sand while I was swimming
Does anyone know the history/date of this remote? (Description in comments)
It looks like the rake is trying to escape.
Swedish store doesn't care about rations. Special price of toilet paper this WEEK, no limit. (about $5 for 18 rolls, Inc VAT)
This attempt to reduce panic buying
Soup can lid holding on by a thread
Picture of my hand
So I made my own open and close helmet thing. I'm 13. I am eligible to use reddit
Home baked cookies apparently don’t seem to follow the social distancing rules during Covid-19 times
The cruise ship MS Azura sent this message of appreciation to the Port of Barbados, after being rejected for over 2 weeks by others ports due to COVID-19 fears. Allowing passengers who had been stuck on board, to fly home to be with their families
My deformed baby swordtail fish does spins while swimming
This mattress place knows how to seal the deal in these hard times
In my town, this section of a lake on Google Maps looks like a blow dryer.
This pot sat out all winter and grew moss and now the plant is growing again. I made it look like a miniature garden simply by moving around what was already in the pot.
This website tells you how long your supply of toilet paper will last
Came across these gnomes during my walk.
Social distancing in my family's bathroom.
Pattern left by frost that I came across on the sidewalk.
The song repeatedly in our head in public currently?
Stephen's King 1978 novel about a supervirus, The Stand, is now on Amazon.com's Most Sold and Most Read Lists
It’s kind of interesting how the sky blends in with the water :)
Was packing and found a nickel balancing on the floor
Seattle's Pike Place market during a shutdown...
Free roll of TP for every take out order
At the Palace resorts in Cancun the wrist bands are the room keys
My data usage clearly showing when quarantine started
I made a scan code in my Minecraft server that acts as a link to join. It’s open and in creative if anyone is interested, just don’t grief :)
This bag of green beans had a carrot in it
This strange perpendicular plant
This McDouble with TWO bun TOPS!
Wait a second....
My dad bought a vodka bottle that looks like a gun
Wasn't really on TV
Wasn't really on TV
Found out my pants are hydrophobic the hard way, by spilling it on myself.
The storm passing over my work today made one window bright and sunny and one window dark and gloomy.
The way this fossil spawned in my Minecraft world
The Danish police is sending a text message to all mobile subscriptions in Denmark, at the moment.
The difference between the second and third times this booked checked out from the library.
The slight differences in these pennies (1988, 1991, 1999, 2008)
Sand viper burrows in sand to avoid the heat
Hummingbird eggs, right outside of my door, are the size of a small jellybean
My black and white betta fish
My girlfriend's puppy found out the plush puppy that i gave to her on our anniversary
5 leaf clover
Reddit on Sly Mode while recording.
My gloves came from playing card paper. I’m also drinking gin now.
This branch rotted but the bark stayed behind
My pupil is slightly wonky
Homemade hand sanitizer: glycol, rubbing alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, distilled water
Pizza box that turns into a mini basketball game
My french neighbor is on the run
These mushroom kits doing what they do
Inside a 17 year old DLP projection TV. Not one speck of dust.
The way the snow formed on my neighbours house. I still dont know how this happened
my ice cube tray
My pupil is slightly wonky
A butterfly landed on my shoe..
Leaf spring center bolt snapped and the top half resulted in this from all the weight shifting.
The inside of an airsoft mag
new LTE signal
This line up for the library because of social distancing
My cats whisker I found on the floor.
My shitty broken gutters make cool icicles sometimes.
It looks like theres a little galaxy in my dice
The way the clouds looked earlier
Before Covid19 our school custodian was leaving star wars themed art on our board. Chad, you are super talented my friend.
Overlapping circles on a bus window
This Chicken Marsala looks like a St. Bernard
Stools at the snail stands in Marrakech night market.
This piece of orange chicken looks like the continent of Africa.
This easter egg truffle has a hidden layer of decorated chocolate.
this lemon that grew in my backyard
This Chicken Marsala looks like a St. Bernard
The sanitizer spray at work turns the receipt paper black
The way my hand healed after having stitches put in 3 weeks ago and then taken out less than a week ago. Cut myself in the kitchen basically. This looks like an animal print.
This rooster seasoning
This design the water left on my case after running it under the faucet.
The trees from our friend’s house looks like a guy blowing kisses in the wind.
One piece of my jigsaw puzzle caught my eye
A Pakistani kid buying something from the shop.
The way the colors of their shoes almost perfectly line up with the street
Oil from my keyboard and trackpad have built up over the years and put itself on my screen
This nasal spray looks like Doug Dimmadome, owner of the Dimmesdale Dimmadome
This tree just doing its thing after being cut
A toilet paper hat to remember the good times
I also have an uncomfortably large meat tube.
My mommy shrimp cleaning her eggs.
In honor of recent cup post, the bottom just popped off while my wife was using it.
My artistic neighbor makes birdhouses too
Old 1984 Olympic Bobsled Track in Sarajevo, atop hill above the city, During Bosnian war, the Serb army shot artillery down on the helpless civilians population below just yards from the track where they camped. Today, close by are ruins of buildings that had been used by the Serbs and bombed out.
Really tall spray paint can
The orange line on these logs that informs forest workers if any log was stolen (or not!)
These blow pop minis look like grapes of different colors
I broke some ice apart.
Icewater just floating on my lemonade
Sink in night club is an oval dome.
The Korean taco place we got takeout from gave us a roll of toilet paper with our meal.
This toy from the 60s uses vibrations to move cars around a track. My god is it loud.
My bruise lines up perfectly with the white part under my nail
My mom managed to open a coconut without breaking the meat of the kernel.
The name of my oxygen monitor has a similar name to COVID-19
How these two headlines lined up in my feed.
What he invented again?
Just weird i have no words
This newspaper from 1884
This newspaper from 1883
Hair stuck to the beater bar almost cut through the plastic cage on my vacuum.
One of my neighbors was lighting off fireworks last night and I found a crash landing in my yard this morning
One of my neighbors was lighting off fireworks last night and I found a crash landing in my yard this morning
One of my neighbors was lighting off fireworks last night and I found a crash landing in my yard this morning
My job handed these out amid the California stay at home order
Here is how you prevent dumb people from hoarding TP, you triple the price on the second package.
My local council has cut these trees to avoid them touching the water.
Left this bag of Miracle Grow out for a long time. The root of some nearby plant got in through a small hole and grew through the whole bag. This bag was much lighter than other bags, too, because the roots sucked up all the rain water that had waterlogged it and the other bags in the stack.
From a doctor in Seattle Washington updated
Newspaper from 9/12/2001
The description on this tag is a play on the lyrics to White Wedding
This Pringle I found
My sons pudding cup cover looks like a dog
Four conjoined gummy bears
This piece of soap is shaped like a music note!
A Tv in every urinal
My girlfriends cat has thumbs which make it look like he’s wearing mittens.
Was watching Spain-Netherlands at Brazil 2014 and this gem suddenly appeared
Just realized I’ve never seen the area behind the milk section until now...not sure what I was expecting
Doggie Sidecar
This adorably tiny clove of garlic
I have a dollar bill from 1935, also known as a Silver Certificate.
My skin before, during, and after an iron infusion. (6 hours between the first and last photo)
Reddit decided to show me the same post twice in a row of a guy claiming to have seen the same post twice in a row
This is a meme.
A branch that looks like a tree growing from a branch.
These unopened candies left behind by the previous home owner expired in 2014.
Needed cash, got 14 sequential notes
Local market installed a cart washing station
So going off his dad’s name I can imagine he’s all set for baby names if he has a boy.
Our emergency toilet paper is red.
The way the sun is reflecting off the knobs on my cabinets
Our emergency toilet paper is red.
The nutrition facts are printed on the sausage
Sad but true
The record is designed to stop playing right where the patient is bleeding
I cut this wood on a knot and found a buried branch.
The wood grain pattern of this tree.
I made this windmill with toothpick
This bizarre Jellybean from Walmart
My parents are doing virtual Black Jack over video chat with pictures of their friends on the table.
Puddle Frozen in Spiral Pattern
What a little over a year of retail does to an apron.
This Juniper tree is more parasitic mistletoe than not
Milk jug handle still has plastic insert
Filling the sink and the water flow made 2 soap mounds.
The inside of a leek.
The trees at my park are growing around the pipe borders
This paint wear on this colander looks like Iceland
Ate this huge Cheeto today.
I realized I had some trash stuck to my shoe
My baby Bearded Dragon stood on his hind legs.
A local grocery store practicing social distancing through tape placement for the cashier line.
This puddle makes this garbage-bin look like its floating.
This poster for a theatrical rendition of “Of Mice &amp; Men” using the logo of the metal band with the same name.
This puddle makes this garbage-bin look like its floating.
This puddle makes this garbage-bin look like its floating.
Oh how the turntables...
A local grocery store practicing social distancing through tape placement for the cashier line.
This puddle makes this garbage-bin look like its floating.
A local grocery store practicing social distancing through tape placement for the cashier line.
Our neighbor is giving away COVID-19 buttons
Our neighbor is giving away buttons
This pigeon has been drinking its red bull.
The frost on my husbands window melting perfectly straight as the sun peaked over
My cellphone provider has a message for us during the corona lockdown
My pepper was growing another pepper inside itself
Since we’re stuck inside, we’ve decided it’s going to be Christmas.
The frost on my husbands window melting perfectly straight as the sun peaked over
This pizza box comes with a cut out mustache
My network provider has a message for us during the lockdown
My network provider has a message for us during the lockdown
This pizza box comes with a cut out mustache
Reddit decided to show me the post from a guy who saw the same post twice in a row twice in a row.
Sunset the day after the spring equinox.
Watching the Deadset TV series. Hits too close to home.
This pizza box comes with a cut out mustache
This pizza box comes with a cut out mustache
We went biking in a parking garage
The way I arranged my fresh eggs.
I guess they forgot to cut it
The way I arranged my fresh eggs.
I’ll take whatever mistake I can get
Reddit decided to show me the same post twice in a row
Reddit decided to show me the same post twice in a row
My friends solution to a safe quarantine Saturday night get-together
A man climbs up an electric pole to see the last rites of Gandhiji's funeral.
I stumbled upon a 97 Subaru Outback with 571k miles at a junkyard
Italy vs average world population age Potential explanation for high mortality rate.
My dad was at a thrift store and found our favorite poem framed as someone’s 21st birthday gift. The back reads, “Edie’s 21st card from sister Kath. Jan. 5, 1948.” (The Poem is “If” by Rudyard Kipling)
Some peeled an orange and the peel looks like a cock
A man climbs up an electric pole to see the last rites of Gandhiji's funeral.
Purple Peppers
Saw this at Home Depot last weekend
My dad was at a thrift store and found our favorite poem framed as someone’s 21st birthday gift. The back reads, “Edie’s 21st card from sister Kath. Jan. 5, 1948.” (The Poem is “If” by Rudyard Kipling)
The way my cookie came
The danish police just texted me.
Italy vs average world population age Potential explanation for high mortality rate.
The garlic mushroom looks like an atomic blast
the way they trimmed this tree’s branches for the power lines
the way they trimmed this tree’s branches for the power lines
The danish police just texted me.
What happens when your accidentally leave the coffee on the warmer for a week
Italy vs average world population age Potential explanation for high mortality rate.
The danish police just sent me this message.
The danish police just sent me this message.
My little cousin everyone
My unfinished wooden project car
My unfinished wooden project car
This window that my neighbors put in their fence so their dogs can watch people at the park.
these pocket knives and a cap gun that I found metal detecting in my back yard
Uncomfortably large meat tube
My unfinished wooden project car
My local Domino’s gearing up for the pizza pandemic
I had a fruity pebble that looks kind of like Africa
These pocket knives and cap gun that i found metal detecting in my back yard
They are joined together
Trampoline close up
Australian Nutrition Info is in kilo-Joules instead of Calories
The warehouse I work at has these post-it notes on a miniature pallets
Trampoline close up
My chicken finger looks like a chameleon.
A bunch of interestingly coloured ants forming a circle on my bathroom wall
I tested each subreddit for toxicity I think I know who won
A bunch of weirdly coloured ants on my bathroom wall forming a circle
This partially frozen ice cube
’s population age vs average potential explanation for high mortality there.
I tested each subreddit for toxicity I think I know who won
This butter is added to the container to look like udders
CVS receipt w/ NO COUPONS
Pine Pollen Puddle, SE Virginia
My foot is the same length as my dumbbell
How the hospital I work at blocked off a waiting area.
A bunch of weirdly colored ants on my bathroom wall forming a circle (definitely NOT distancing socially)
Italy’s population age vs average potential explanation for high mortality there.
My foot is the same length as my dumbbell
I'm not even going bother
How the hospital I work at blocked off a waiting area.
My wife found a pearl in her fried oyster
How the hospital I work at blocked off a waiting area.
The Coronavirus inspired notice in this van window...
The Coronavirus inspired notice in this van window...
My wife found a pearl in her fried oyster
How big this tag is for a toy pillow.
The light pattern I accidentally made in our sunroom by opening all the windows halfway.
My network telling me to stay safe
One of my dad’s old toys I found in his basement
I got an extra package in my package of extra gum
This onion that decided to keep growing
Collared lizard tracks, Arches National Park
This multicolored dollar bill
My phone carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
Glad to see this restaurant stay as busy as they have been. Good thing places like this are still working and running. Hope other small business and fast food restaurant stay open like this one!
I bought this clock at an estate sale 3 years ago and just now realized something...
My phone carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
Shelter in place wine
My phone carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
Well good news where I live Restraunts are staying busy specially this one! Glad to see this. Hate seeing business go under, and this is not a big franchise fast food restaurant.
Just found out that when shaking your phone hard enough, you can “take a break” from reading politics and the such.
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My wife found a pearl in her fried oyster
Shelter in place wine
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My phone service carrier reminding me to “Stay Safe” from Coronavirus
My parents gave me white coffee for Christmas. I opened the package for the first time today and was very surprised. It is indeed white coffee
My parents gave me white coffee for Christmas. I opened the package for the first time today and was very surprised. It is indeed white coffee
My parents gave me white coffee for Christmas. I opened the package for the first time today and was very surprised. It is indeed white coffee
My parents gave me white coffee for Christmas. I opened the package for the first time today and was very surprised. It is indeed white coffee
The way the cereal held on to my spoon
Orbeez bomb, ready to explode! I mistakenly pulled the cork but put it back in immediately, it got overwhelming quickly!
A snail crawled inside this wiffle ball and grew until he was too big to get out. RIP Snail.
My banana is sponsored by Frozen II
Work From Home (WFH) Conference Call Bingo Card
Work From Home (WFH) Conference Call Bingo
Orbeez bomb, building pressure. I made the mistake of pulling the cork, I out it back quickly.
Work From Home (WFH) Conference Call Bingo
This State Park restroom has 20 second songs to sing while you're washing your hands.
My mother found a very tall parking meter
A halo around the sun.
A halo around the sun.
I kept all my baby teeth in this box
This one bent biro came in a box with 49 perfectly normal ones.
Hmmmmmm I dunno about this one scoob.
I like how the voice actors for Spongebob look like human incarnations of there characters.
I was trying to take a picture of the bubbles in the air, and I caught him right as he fell.
This box truck that has an actual garage door as it’s back door.
The shelf fell and now the milks are holding each other up how did this happen?
Found these on my quarantine hike
Ah yes, the impossible level.... level 4
Found these on my quarantine hike
'Bout to illegally stream Mr. ROBOT and there was one last relevant bit of security.
A bird has made its next in my front door wreath
This unusually spiky tree trunk
This unusually spiky tree trunk
How did this happen??
My box of mac n cheese has no 'Best By' date
Found these on my quarantine hike
My boyfriend's aunt gave us her old vacuum never knowing it had washable filters. 5 years of caked dirt.
As the side of my snowman facing the sun melts, you can see all the layers that make it up, including the original ball.
Dried soap spot on the wall looks like a guy who just let off a smoke bomb or something
Old nail polish looks slightly like South America and some of North America
This cross-section of my MIL's onion that looks like a happy dog
Quarantine with kids!
My hard boiled egg had 2 yolks
Old nail polish looks slightly like South America and some of North America
My boyfriends aunt gave us her old vacuum never knowing it had washable filters. 5 years of caked dirt.
My mug was happy to provide me caffeine.
Spam phone calls basically stopped for me as the pandemic hit
Frozen Basketball Hoop
My boyfriends aunt gave us her old vacuum never knowing it had washable filters. 5 years of caked dirt.
This avocado pit looks like a perky boob
This avocado pit looks like a perky boob
At an angle, these cards look like there on top of the envelope
Shattered Dragon Ball Super Case accidentally made it cooler
Frozen Basketball Hoop
Frozen Basketball Hoop
Windsor Great Park has a fake tree to mask a pilon
This potato chip has a face
The Coffee &amp; Milk are divided at the glass rim
This trash can we saw
This trash can we saw
They printed this popcorn box with no colour
The way I opened this banana is like a little hat
This 5 stemmed Tilia Cordata
Huge Mobilization of Tanks Seen Outside of Nur-Sultan, the Capital of Kazhakstan
This splash of oil that looks like a scorpion
I found a twisted vine
My Bose Quiet Comfort 35 headphones' pads lasted 3.5 years and the replacement pads cost $35. I see you Bose.
The way this drawer barely makes it out
A carpet of ivy falling off the wall revealing newer ivy
Apparently Porcupines Live in Nests, Prickly Boi Watching Us Carefully
Me searching for food at 3am
Havent shaved in awhile due to shelter in place. My leg hair is growing back at different rates?
Took a pic of my boyfriend and my dog on a walk and it looks like the windows xp background
The way my mother paints her clay mugs to look like wood.
These Mike &amp; Ike nuggets at the bottom of the box
When even your mobile Carrier asks you to stay safe during this pandemic. Literally just saw this, found it interesting.
My spaghetti showing heat convection
When even your mobile Carrier asks you to stay safe during this pandemic. Literally just saw this, found it interesting.
The reflection of the silhouetted treeline makes the water of this pond appear cel-shaded
That's NOT Kenny Rodgers
People standing in line at the bakery in Germany.
Saw this during my morning walk.
Full rainbow
Local Network provider changed their Network ID.
My gf fell asleep on my hand. ( nsfw )
I’m scared of owls now
Tires lined up on display
The way forest workers make sure no timber is missing
They are selling corona fries all over! Will they sell?
This puzzle had 6 extra pieces
This puzzle had 6 extra pieces
I took the head off a rose I got on Valentine’s Day and buds are still growing.
This tree growing around another tree = candy cane tree
people practicing social distancing at my local RMV
The face on my tree looks like Rodney Dangerfield
Was making burgers and one ended up with a happy face.
A bubble from my dish soap landed on the windowsill above the sink.
Old(ish) microwave recipe book from when microwaves were first commercially available.
This puzzle with two different sized pieces so you can do the puzzle with your child
Rube Goldberg Machine I Built
What happen this time?
The design of the frost on my car’s roof this morning.
This Blockbuster gift card I found in an old drawer.
Social distancing tools (strips on the floor, steel blocks between isles) at Costco.
Droplets racing in sink
A ham in the middle of a mall parking lot
What happen this time?
Found either a dead dried out spider or a spiders skin
When I fired up Minecraft the splash text warned me not to touch my face.
A vape shop in Canada
My mobile carrier new name
Google Lens translated these license plates that my dad brought me back like 30 years ago
Red Bull and American cheese tastes like vanilla ice cream
The unusually straight bacon I’m cooking for breakfast
This Salt crystal in my expired fish sauce sachet.
Making nano whirlpools to entertain myself
This theatre prop (that no longer gets to be used)
I separated the adhesive from a piece of duct tape in 1 solid piece.
Some pine trees foam in hard rain because the chemicals in their sap are soap-like.
Found on a dog walk.
Two soda water cans frozen in a vehicle over the winter, very different effect.
The way this paint drying says “Google”
Found this while working on my garden, I’ve never actually seen it like this before.
I found a potato stick in a bag of Sun Chips
This photorealistic cake
My coffee residue dried like a leaf
The way my phone made an imprint in the dust.
These sexy carrot legs. Probably going to become a quarantine project for my family to make a person out of them later.
the only person onision follows on instagram is my grade school bully
Tried taking a photo of my Iris and got a modern day M C Escher instead
City bench during COVID 19
Made some opal bangles yesterday
A portrait of a well liked governor (?) of Porto... the hand positioning is curious.
This cloud looks a bit like Europe.
You can see my wife and I in the reflection of my daughters eye.
2 eggs. 3 yolks!
This lady is calculating the bill on a plantain
Bumped in to a BUTTERFLY chilling in the snow...
the size of my chicken cluck's eggs this is her first egg in 2 years
Our quarantine porch skeleton
My cat’s expression vs ancient mask
Horizontal icycle on my car mirror
This dead tree branch is rainbow in color (sorry for bad quality)
The floor pattern continues outside
This plant started growing inside a littered bottle cap.
How beautiful the dusk sky is with reduced light pollution.
We found this in a pirate booty bag
This foam on my beer glass looks like an artsy Stag.
Money Laundering
Caterpillar chilling in the snow
The way this ivy's roots are growing through my screen
I got a pack of fruit snacks with almost 3 times the normal amount of fruit snacks
The lights in my room are creating an X on top of my Xbox.
Mobile projection setup
Kitty with little Face Mask - Cal.1918
My shirt in various colors of light
My BFF is very proud of her chin-heart.
Hospital cafeteria removes every other table and chair to help social distancing.
Split a log and found twine tied to an old branch inside.
It appears that Burger King recommends soda pairings like other places do with wine.
I made magnetic finger extensions out of 8 mm magnetic balls
My BFF is very proud of her chin-heart.
Wait a spider inside of a frog
It appears that Burger King has pairing suggestions for soda like better establishments do for wine.
With the sun coming in from such angle you can really see how uneven these old windows are
Kinzua Viaduct, formerly the tallest and longest bridge in the world.
Back in January, i found these icicles that go from small to large on my house
I threw the wooden knife i made and it didn't brake.
Two matches stuck together
The way the material in my lava lamp settled after the lamp burned out
The shape of this puzzle piece
cool grave i saw on a walk
This limited edition green ketchup
The way the marshmallows melted in my hot chocolate.
Local cinema just closed down
Nuclear power plant exhaust looks like a llama
Found this cleaning (auto parts store). Radio license from 1960s. It's how they used to communicate with the delivery drivers before cell phones.
This two bite avocado. It was flavorful despite it's teensieness
The house next door.
Found this ink stamped and postage stamped $2 from 1976 still in circulation.
A glass that broke vertically
My coffee grounds looked like a forest with a tarn lake
I calculated the exponential curve of numbers in square - all in my head!
This bouncer slide is a sinking Titanic.
Doing school work at home and turns out my daughter is legit ambidextrous
This avocado pit started to sprout before being cut
My laptop doesn’t have a webcam
My local Walgreens put up squares for people to practice social distancing
Unsure if this is common anywhere else but i found tubeless Pringles
My sister’s old IPhone 5 randomly blew up
Whos gonna be the first person your gonna use this on?
When I was teenager my house was the "kick it" spot. No matter who you were.... you HAD to sign the door if you came over. This is the result after 3 years. (this picture is 7 years old)
Today's quarantine entertainment: this giant bran flake my father got in his cereal box
These ants made a colony in a block of styrofoam
Fire pit we built out of rocks we found close by.
This 'How to Train Your Dragon' etching I made for my wife as a Christmas gift. Black granite etching (with some shotty by hand work for Toothless's outlines)
The ink transferred from a Lincoln to my greeting card.
When u can’t peel them ur self
This Large tomato.
Our local distillery is altering production to make hand sanitizer
Heard a noise in my kitchen, found this glass had broken in half vertically. It was the only thing in the sink at the time.
This lollipop Without 2 holes
Condom and novelty erotic good dispenser in gas station bathroom
This minivans headliner.
This drinking glass holds exactly 33cl
The pub next to my house has put this sign up - due to the recent Coronavirus pandemic.
92 of top 500 subreddits are controlled just by 4 people.
This scotch stain on a mailbox that looks like a bear walking
This grass growing through the sidewalk
Carrot found in my garden
the shape of this candy wrapper
Local grocery store put stickers on the floor reminding everyone to keep their distance in the checkout line at the grocery store.
A interesting tree..
This grass that is growing through the sidewalk
Surface tension from below
Surface tension from below
Surface tension from below
I made a tower out of toothpicks and marshmallows
the underside of the intel inside sticker
I’m no conspiracy theorist by any means. But a quick google of a BSL-4 turns up an article published in 2017 with a lab in Wuhan dedicated to studying the worlds greatest biological threats.
Stores have to close in Belgium due to the Coronavirus. But in the Netherlands, stores can still be open. This furniture store in Baarle-Nassau (border town) closed the part of their store located in Belgium while the rest of the store located in the Netherlands remains open.
This oddly shaped baby carrot
The laters of my smoothie separated over night
This little albino squirrel
This seasonally appropriate tee
I'm shooting a time lapse video of these mushrooms and I was surprised to see the spores leave such marks on the surface. It's logical, but I would have never thought of it.
This is real a company in India and it makes cough syrups!
Danish grocery stores have stickers on their floors to practice social distancing while waiting in line.
The way my house’s shadow leaves a watermark
The size of this tree in front of my house
The shadow of the shower head fits perfectly in the circle design on the tile
This fast fly
They've shrunk the size of the of toilet paper tubes to fit more toilet paper on a roll (left post-pandemic, right pre-pandemic)
My coffee machine added an eagle this morning.
The way pollen is in rain drops
These water droplets on an oil stain.
Even the illegal streaming sites are in on it
This giant black penis
This was needed
The very busy streets of Brussels around the EU headquarters become totally quiet under lockdown
These baby food jars have braille on the bottom that say what kind of food it is
I thought this was a butt...
These people fb wants me to be friends with, sitting the same way
I thought this was a butt...
Alcohol gel and disposable plastic gloves made available at the entrance of my local supermarket (Brazil).
These people fb wants me to be friends with, sitting the same way
I thought this was a butt...
This $2 bill with a sweet note written on it for Easter 1976
My cat’s 50/50 paw
Took picture of sky and saw a bird that looks like a Nintendo 64 controller.
A bench made of skateboard decks
My mug is full of |_____________|
My grandparents drinking glasses hold an exact 33 cl soda
This elephant playground, Seoul
This huge tree in Freetown, Sierra Leone
The "a" in China fell off the made in sticker
Our rescue plant is growing an underwater baby!
This Whale back in the Canal due to the lack of pollution.
Double coloured haribo marshmallow
Our rescue plant has grown up an underwater baby!
Our rescue plant has grown up an underwater baby!
Our rescue plant has grown up an underwater baby!
Currently creating a 4ft x 3ft illustration depicting me leaving organized religion, becoming an addict, attempting suicide, living in a homeless shelter for 9 months, and finally, my triumph over it all. I’m mildly interested in art...
Grocery Stores in South Africa
Some Kenny Rogers related artwork
The way the bubbles formed on this beer
This’s how I view the Pyramids from home
This tree survived the A-bomb dropped on Hiroshima and was only 750 metres from the detonation point.
All the gigs I had booked this year are cancelled with COVID19, so I’m going to wear my past gig shirts every day of lockdown. Here is the first 5 days...
Let's stay a bit away from all that's happening and look at this piece of beautiful nature.
There are two types of people in this world...
What do you see?
Preserved 200kg (440-lb) blue whale heart.
The ingredients on my chip bag seem to have been printed twice
This dog's head shaped log in my fire
Preserved 200kg (440-lb) blue whale heart.
What's milder than mild? I can wiggle the vein in my hands. I've not seen anyone else do this yet and I'm getting them tattooed soon so thought I'd share before that (oc)
A Fixed version of my post a couple months ago. My Orange had a baby
I made a dragon out of packing peanuts
Reposting my old image as I think it didn't get enough attention
Castle in Malbork, the Europe’s largest castle in surface area (143,591m)
A reporter in TV using transparent face mask while performing sign language so deaf people can read from her lips
These toilet paper instructions
this oreo with the cookie backwards
I got 1 Calamarata pasta i my Fussili box.
My phones camera has a cat mode on it for any time a cat is in frame.
This bike rack is shaped like a bike
This tree in Townsville, Australia. Fully grown woman for scale. Would make a fantastic tree house.....
Today is Vreddit Downloaders cake day, wish the bot a happy cake day
This tree that former around the rock
Baby Praying Mantis
This Moomin house in Vestnes, Norway
Got featured on Lays packet for their smile campaign[OC]
In Thailand they tie pieces of cloth of various colours around huge trees to mark them as holy
Disposable battery packs in vending machines, Berlin. Akku Leer? Battery empty?
Other plane seems to be hanging still mid air
Hotel in Seoul use toothpicks to press elevator buttons to avoid contact!
My truck had snow rolls on it and cool ice patterns the other morning
These handicap parking spaces have little hearts in them
This plane flying over the elephant enclosure on satellite
Lockdown! Time to organise ‘Daddy’s special Lego box!’
I spilled bleach on a wooden chest of drawers and it looks like it crystallized
An open source software manual from 1986
This long shredded wheat I had in my cereal
My most perfect ever bullseye
The way this glove looks like I’ve been in the bath for too long
Recently noticed the quotations on this sign that has been in my family since I was a kid
This big onion we got in at work
Spiderlings emerging from the egg sac of an unknown spider species
In the midst of this Corona Virus toilet paper shortage, the only tissues left at my local store.... Can you guess why?
I was standing in the balcony and was taking burst pictures of lightning and I got lucky to capture this picture
Listening to Dre on my Beats by Dre headphones with my Beats by Dre 10 years wallpaper
In a rare occasion, Google gave me a link to an online article from 1986 in its top search results. It's like an internet time capsule.
Over or under? Some choose not to fight. Toilet paper holder at my Airbnb.
Due to Italy’s lockdown, Venice’s water went crystal clear
Coyotes In Hollywood, CA
They have umbrella vending machines in Hong Kong
This toilet that, after you flush, allows you to you wash your hands from the water filling the tank. Small bar in Gion District, Kyoto, Japan.
The way these roots are arranged in the same pattern as the tiles
Doom eternal reference to (what i think is) the dopefish from commander keen 4
This colorful tunnel (Ger) plays classic music against teenager groups meeting in it (Videos not allowed)
Hard to see but my parents bed side clocks are 1 minute apart.
How to make 🎀
A photo of red glass with a sunset in the background
This black with red dots ladybug i found
Fruit carved into flowers (Thailand)
I have this 138 years old sharpener my teacher gave me in 2011.
1 year old cloth wrap for home-made pull up pole
This mall in Japan has a roller coaster on top of it.
This Whiskey has a Cobra in it...
This sign outside a local Gaming store
My Mobiles phone carrier is displaying “Stay Home” instead of its name.
This really long Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Amazing recipes for food lovers
The butter for my eggs look like a smiley face
Jellyfish flavoured Ice Cream and more
When I am in lockdown for 9 days and not walking 5 miles a day my toe nails appear to grow faster because they are not getting rubbed against my shoes and socks.
When I am in lockdown for 9 days and not walking 5 miles a day my toe nails appear to grow faster because they are not getting rubbed against my shoes and socks.
Something to take our minds off of this Pandemic. Take care y'all.
Photographing a Spotted Bush Snake (Philothamnus semivariegatus). Harmless.
This Indian poster makes it seem like it's fun for the whole family
Old deck of German playing cards with strange suits.
Three years' worth of bread bag ties, veggie and flower rubber bands. Each one shoved in a drawer since my partner and I moved in together.
The shape of this tree
A framed LSD blotter sheet in someone's private collection.
This huge tree in cairo , egypt
This leaf that looks like a strawberry
This model has one leg
all our names begin with "M"
What concert tickets used to look like
The way my coffee spoons created this smiley.
1 for the price of two it’s my lucky day
There is an enclave called dahala khagraber that is a part of India that is in Bangladesh that is in India that is in Bangladesh.
My bag of flour has a graph of delaying the curve
There is an enclave called dahala khagraber that is a part of India that is in Bangladesh that is in India that is in Bangladesh
There is an enclave called dahala khagraber that is in Bangladesh that is in India that is in Bangladesh.
A machine that sorts non magnetic cans at a recycling sorting plant
Luxury £12million 5 Bedroom House in Sandbanks, UK
I made the alphabet by biting pretzels
Zombie chair escaping from box
A bread shaped pizza
My cellphone network added “Stay Safe” next to their name to help warn people about COVID-19
A double banana from the garden
Got a double banana 🍌
The way my planter's shadow looks like an alligator
Crosswalk button located on the bottom of the pole so you can use your foot instead of touching the hand button.
A scrap of paper found at my work
If you think 2020 couldn't get any worse, today is The Purge
This fruit my pomelo tree produced ....
Fortune cookie didn't make it into package
Supermarket Antitheft moved to overcome the panic buys
The ice in my drink melted between each sip forming an upside down pyramid
The outdoor rug looks like the ocean.
Seeing the other cel collection on here I wanted to share my own personal prized possession
What he invented again?
Looks like I'm about half way through my sketch pad
What happen this time?
This Gobstopper that looks like it has an infection
My "Bonfire" for weary travellers
The pavers on this step line up so well it’s hard to know it’s there.
My noodle cup making me feel good about recycling
What I wake up to at 20 to 5 in the morning
This grape cosplaying as a pumpkin
Adding to the Weirdness of Quarantine: the Subtotal and Tax
I don't think disabled people can park here
My cat's face.
This multi fused grape I found
I was watching Forensic Files where a husband had cheated, killed his wife, and fed her through a woodchipper to hide the body. Flipped to Family Feud and the question was: "If a woman finds out her husband is cheating, name something of his she will feed through a woodchipper."
This store ran out of meat, so they refilled the shelves with...beer.
Sifting through the detritus of my past, I came across this faded scrawl. [Transcript in comments]
Wasp carrying a tarantula
From Seattle Washington doctor
From Seattle Washington doctor
Wash your hands - Donald Trump
The Mike and Ike logo has the barcode infused between it
The Harry Potter sweets shop at Universal is listed as a "grocery store." At least its shelves remain magically stocked in these trying times.
The dog's toy is the Covid19 virus. Shit..
I got a long sunflower seed
Long Eyebrow
Mcdonald's Romania just updated their profile picture to show social distancing.
The hospital my girlfriend works at quarantined their waiting room chairs
My dad had a tiny piece of metal hit him in the eye. It ended up going through his eye and sliced off a piece of his iris, somehow doctors saved his eye and vision.
This star fruit has six sides instead of five
My 56K internet modem from the mid 90’s. I still have it and use it as a paperweight
In light of this outbreak lack of supplies, my parents dug these old Clorox wipes out of the closet...look at what they kill
Many years ago my dad had a piece of metal go through his eye. He ended up having part of his eye split and lost part of his pupil, but somehow he can still see.
Fair enough...
This picture I took using the x-ray filter on my iPad looks like it shows a conical structure extending behind the pupil of my eye.
Bought a little game on a whim to occupy me during this pandemic, because it a 1 or more person game. The advert was spot on.
I switched the caps back
The box my kid's beanbag chair came in has instructions to turn it into a castle.
Luckily, I didn't need a knife to cut anything
The way this young tulip holds cold spring water.
Just attempted to make a "mixed drink" w/vodka &amp; soda, but this happened instead [OC]
Xbox One X has a message on the side of it saying hello. “Hello from Seattle - Xbox One X”
Found a Gas station with a sharps bin in the Restroom.
Finished a project today! Thanks quarantine!
Only three of the four goldfish are trademarked.
I checked the weather and it said “Air Quality for Sensitive Groups.”
Lagunitas made a non-alcoholic beverage and put a fake warning on the bottle.
I've never been good at seeing things in clouds, but I saw this elephant today.
Help me, I’ve been stuck here.
I got a cool picture of my scratched cornea courtesy of my optometrist
This Cheery M&amp;M
I don't think this chip was ready yet
Came across this while driving around.
My daughters Barbie blanket came complete with a miniature plastic price tag attachment
My brother found this truck the other day. Someone explain?
Giant taki i found
Tree fell and grew into 2 new trees.
This tangerine kind of looks like a mini pumpkin
Twinkies cereal
This weed growing in my pavers looks like a mini Christmas tree.
My sister’s corona birthday-cake
Flew from London to Dubai to Auckland today, at 10:55 UK time I had 10 hours and 55 minutes left of flying to go.
Flew from London to Dubai to Auckland today, at 10:55 UK time I had 10 hours and 55 minutes left of flying to go.
an intense game of jenga
Nearly identical label printers with different zebras
Nearly identical label printers with different zebras
This sunflower with a petal growing in the center
This building has a pirate and cannons on its roof
This Norwegian keyboard has a little smiley face for greetings
My can of tuna really wants me to know it contains tuna
Bad News everyone: This is what a dog's nose looks like up close.
The Omni Hotel in Dallas
The perfect board game for 3/20/20. On a Friday night. Alone b/c of COVID19.
My family all ended up on the same space in Monopoly.
The Omni Hotel in Dallas
The Omni Hotel in Dallas
People celebrate and applaud doctors and nurses effort after 1 day of quarantine in Bogota
our hotel had salt and pepper shakers with packets in them
Local resident in New Jersey surrounds himself in spikey balls to ward off bad vibes from the Corona Virus
The air in my bag of Doritos expanded on my flight.
bird stands on a stick and its reflection create a heart shape
China's Social Credit System - Officially launched this year (2020).
Cracked open the second egg to find two yolks in it. The chicken had twins!
Spotted at the chemist today...
My dog when we first got her in 2017 vs her on her birthday in December (she turned 3!). The pink spot on her nose has gotten much smaller for some reason.
In these troubling times, please make sure your food has 100%, whole water
It rained so much these wall vines peeled off
There’s about a dozen cruise ships anchored in the same area off the coast of the Bahamas, waiting out their 30 days before they’ll return to US ports
she got this
Different wavelengths of light reflect off of each track on this spinning record
So if you have a severe headache, this will bring it back down to mild.
Five generations, All began in 1916.
The design on these train seats shows who should sit on them.
Coke with coffee exists in Vietnam
My fortune cookie sums up every day in 2020 so far.
Found an oddly-shaped colored pencil, didn’t notice till I started using it...
These are the trash cans we use in the southern part of Sweden. It has 10 compartments from everything from food waste to batteries to plastic. Organising trash has never been easier :)
This perfect stack of pineapple chunks surprised me today
The seeds in my apple had already germinated
A projection of my Video call on the projector
My pringle today was folded in on itself.
My almost 25 year old Casio calculator still running on the original battery
What he invented again?
My wet shirt that look like a jungle pattern (yeah I’m a bit of a big boi)
This chicken laid an egg that looks like it's made of cardboard.
an indoor parking lot at my downtown has the parking lines go up the wall
One muffin got most of the chocolate chips
Big Paperclip
These clouds above my house.
This Rendering of a Man'o'War.
A 1000 peso coin I found!
The last two lines on this bedrail warning label are repeated, as if they were copy/pasted.
This rare limited edition Mario Galaxy poster from AGDQ
Currently playing a 40 year old game, that my friend bought on eBay for $330.
How they "closed" the park in my hometown today
AZ couldn’t help itself
San Francisco Shelter in Place - started hangman with the neighboring building
This painting painted in glass made in 1924 my dad just got from a second hand shop.
My local Walmart printed out what the shelves are supposed to look like so the stockers can fill out the empty shelves
My local Walmart printed out what the shelves are supposed to look like for the stockers because of how empty they have been.
Different types of barbed wire that fenced the West
These chair socks
this supermarket practicing social distancing with tape
COVID-19 statewide stay-at-home order results in the cleanest CA air in a long time!
These tiny toy boxes of food. Got these with some other used toys we bought for our daughter.
I thought the car's number was 888.
Found this toy bus parked next to a line of full size buses
The shape of the 10 cent coin from The Bahamas
These almost totally cardboard laundry detergent bottles
Our bell pepper had a baby bell pepper in it.
My launchpad does the white dot optical illusion when looked at straight on.
My friends shrimp looked like it had two tails
It’s possible to chop coins in half with a can opener
Well, I followed the "serving suggestion"
The way the window light hits this clock
My sour patch kid has a chestburster
These laundry detergents are made of cardboard
My order number (total restaurant orders) matches todays date.
This brand of Japanese hot chili oil's package has a button that allows you to precisely control a continuous stream of oil without shaking it.
This Native language sign in Bala, Ontario.
Birds are practicing social distancing
My lab has one black hair in a sea of yellow
Live PD is happening from their homes due to the Coronavirus
If we could design a compostable straw that doesn’t disintegrate while using it, that would be rad.
The Egyptian Hieroglyph for one million is a man in a posture of pure amazement that such a large number can be achieved
This is what happens if you let one of those prickly plants grow for a while. (Its almost 5 feet!)
I have a tree in my yard that loses its pines every year and regrows them. It also has pine cones
Went for a walk in some woods today and found whatever this creepy thing is.
There’s a very soft rainbow around the sun. I took a pic to the side to show it’s not a camera glare.
This "cloud shelf" on my morning flight yesterday
I opened my Gatorade bottle and finally the leftover piece didn’t come off
English motorway that had to split after farmer refused to sell up.
Two double yolked eggs.
My sister looks like Chris Farley
Many of the cruise ships that left US waters for 30 days have corralled together near the Bahamas, just hanging out and keeping an eye on each other
I unknowingly bit my pizza into the outline of a gorilla.
The back of this alarm clock looks sad
Making ball bearings
The bottom of my mug looks like a brain
this creepy toy
The sky looks like an ocean view.
My pepper had a mini pepper inside
These pork rinds I found are massive!
This carrot loves me!
You can see all the slices through the peel of this clementine
This fortune cookie I opened today had some ironic advice.
The sky yesterday
My toothpaste came with a metal key to get every last squeeze of paste.
The gantry signs in the Portland, OR have a driving-themed COVID-19 piece of advice
Flights redirected around sterilized airspace due to three areas at Indy Air Route Traffic Control shutting down after a worker tested positive for COVID-19.
I splashed water on my pants and it made the shape of a tree.
This is what’s happening now!
a pile of creatures
Solid game of catch fail
Sorry to anyone else on a streak.
This molar shaped leaf
Weber grill company’s scannable UPC is a little Weber grill
This small key that I my great grandmother had
I found an old thermometer for kids(I think adults can use it too), I didn't even know these existed.
Found a shadow cat on neighbors place.
Local City Library is waiving overdue fees for books
The view over the fence into HR Gigers backyard.
Stirred my tortellini; a ravioli popped out
The way pollen has gathered around a twig. All of the sidewalks around my place looks like kids went nuts with yellow chalk.
My pringle today was folded in on itself.
Each member of our family takes and records our daily temperatures. The page is left on the table, so if one of us hears a cough from someone else we can check that their temp is still ok. It's reassuring.
Social distancing at Trader Joe’s in San Francisco
I visited /r/Showerthoughts right before it clocked over to 19.6 million subscribers.
I visited /r/Showerthoughts right before it clocked over to 19.6 million subscribers.
I visited /r/Showerthoughts right before it clocked over to 19.6 million subscribers.
This strawberry as big as an apple, and I ate it like an apple
This stain on my cup looks like an exclamation point
Reddit app on my phone glitched, and Snoo looks like a perverted elf now
Fortnite is/was so big that Epic Games added its trademark notice to its standard pagebottom
Threw this peeled hardboiled egg out so wildlife could eat it, and it got stuck in these branches
This chocolate chip muffin
My neighborhood is doing a “social distance happy hour” where people put a bottle of liquor at the curb with hand sanitizer and alcohol wipes and you walk around staying 10 feet from each other
There is a miniature town built into this tree
I was clearing out rocks in my garden when this rock split open and revealed a fossil.
I have two toes that are stuck together
This Twisted Tree
The purge happens tomorrow
Spilled my coffee :’(
this jar, whose label designers forgot the decimal for the mass in kilos
This butter stick has divisions for easy measuring
Wild hogs have come down from the mountains to Barcelona now that the city is on lockdown.
My mom wrote each channel's number on the back of the remote
The text on Minecraft's main menu was changed to promote safety during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Wild hogs have come down to Barcelona now that the city is on lockdown.
bats are just like us.
Found a bunch of threes and roofs all wrapped in a net while walking around my neighborhood.
This tree with new growth at just the bottom
I found a four leaf clover while walking home
The door handle at Burger King
The light hitting the ice this branch collected
The way these ice mushrooms formed on my car door from driving on the highway.
The way these ice mushrooms formed on my car door from driving on the highway.
Today I got so bored, I played tic tac toe; On my wall. Alone. With lasers.
The way these ice mushrooms formed on my car door from driving on the highway.
Here's Some Pretty Clouds I Got a Few Mornings Ago
The way these ice mushrooms formed on my car door from driving on the highway.
I found a white nerd
The way these ice mushrooms formed on my car door from driving on the highway.
2 gummy bears joined together
This empty blood bag looks like a snowy mountain
The US has launched two of their hospital ships. One for the New York and one for the west coast. Each can house up to 1000 beds. They are called Mercy and Comfort. I have no clue which one is going where but dang first time I have seen something like this.
The sky in this picture looks like a water color painting
This cool glass table in the conference room at my work.
This cool glass table in the conference room at my work.
This title cut-off didn't really work out in their favor...
The braille on my makeup container
When you cut a tomato the right way it looks like a strawberry. Looks better irl
Newborn Hummingbirds almost 4 cm in size, that are being raised in my backyard.
They have these plexiglass windows between us and the cashiers at the grocery store now
For those like me who didn't know how peanuts grew
i made big chungus!
This toilet has a handle to lift the seat up without touching pee
This bubble on a soap bottle.
An old globe in my room that still has the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and Yukoslavaia
My pizza dough puffed up to form a mini ‘pizza cave’
Took a burst and got lucky
Pallet jacks delivered on a pallet
I went to unsubscribe from an email list and got instructions in a different language
One fine day with a woof and a purr...
Empty Doctor office waiting room... and yet , I wait.
They make a mini version of a building before constructing the real thing. This is about 8 feet tall. I think its to show off the different building concepts
I counted my change, and found that I had exactly $69.00.
Pallets delivered on a pallet
Perfectly full
Perfectly full
My fave clothing brand sent me a bottle of hand sanitizer with my clothes!
The cheez-it trio
My tree is producing some phallic shaped fruits for me....
The bubbles in this jug formed an (almost) perfect line
My Grandma's Shoelaces are Smiling
Cashiers in Germany use plastic wrap in an interrsting way during corona crisis
My mom gets this to keep in her car...
This COVID-19 Live World Map Count
Old parking meter that only takes pennies per 12 minute intervals. Not sure if age.
3 biggest dates this century in America, and Bradys career. EERIE. 2001 : 9/11 terror attack 9/23 Brady takes over for an injured Bledsoe - 2008: 9/9 Brady season ending injury during opening day 9/23 Lehman Brothers collapse - 2020: 3/15 America shut down for CV19 - 3/17 Brady leaves New England
Sign of the Times... probably just Odds. Mid-day pick today was 666
What he invented again?
Soap bar is happy to see me
The way the snow clings to the shadow
My cactus looks like a person.
This Sun-Snow line in my yard.
The amount of copies I have of multiple books. [OC]
I got 2 fortune cookies in one package
My Ritz peanut butter crackers were defective. 3 crackers in one!
There is a single blue nerd in my box of nerds
My grandma gave me a box of random flatware that she's saved over the years, was just eating lunch and noticed this fork.
The new sneeze guards they have at our local grocery store, I wonder how effective they actually are
These bananas are very straight
Difference between the ground in sun and ground in shadow after a snow flurry.
I made an Igloo with the Fibonacci sequence in the ceiling. IG: soulcreature
Confinement : my neighbor brought me apple donuts.
An Add in saudi arabia that says " thanks to everyone who isn't watching this add. Stay at your home "
An Add in saudi arabia that says " thanks to everyone who isn't watching this add. Stay at your home "
This beer can lets you point tab at your initial so you know which can is yours.
These scabs that are exactly linear.
This Mutant of an Animal Cracker.
The back of this Cinnamon Toast Crunch box accurately describes what's happening
This dog with sunglasses
This AirPod case my sister knitted for me
I switched the ketchup bottles caps
Pubs and restaurants in my country are offering this to customers as they have been put on lockdown due to coronavirus and banned from serving over the bar, but are allowed to offer takeouts to customers. Love my countrymen!
The new hybrid tree: Fig-Palm
It almost seems fitting, Look at the date of The Purge
So my mother caught her dogs fighting over food at the dining table!
In Finland you can spread reindeer on your sandwich
Murder: A Dogflix original
There’s a single blue balloon in a 72 pack of white ones
Our Walmart is now placing powerades in the meat cooler area
Just got this through my door. My apartments are having a game of quarenteed bingo for everyone stuck at home.
This five-leaf clover
The way this single strand of hair split; there’s 8 thingies total.
Am I the only one that’s never heard of this.. lol if so I’m asking for a friend
A Book From 1981
The corner of my whole wheat bread is white bread.
This plastic label that was put over the can to fix a printing error in the nutrition information
This snake is perfectly camouflaged with the dropfall.
A message from the Danish doctors to everyone. Stay home and stay safe.
They put caution tape on the school playground to keep kids away during the shut down.
Boobs that almost connect
My new sit/stand desk only has 'down buttons'
This flower I found
These icicles my car grew on the front bumper
I found this comb in the bathroom. It is made in West Germany
This pharmacy has tape every 6 feet to help keep customers a safe distance in line.
you noes what..
This flower I found
A One Hundred Trillion Dollar bill.
Oscar the Grouch was originally orange for the first season of “Sesame Street.”
Isolation doesn’t mean you can’t have a peacock join you on your walk. Right?
Apparently, I found an old notebook and it has a second set of hole punches
1984 calling
Got me a disinfectant refill.
My bottle of vape juice’s label stopped printing on the right side edge; revealing a metallic silver color. Feels like the actual design is a LAYER.
Same video by posted by two different people in two different subreddits. Huh.
Our Jack-o-lantern from last Halloween which sat on the front porch steps is coming back to life
The phone operator giving a message to all
When you nap it’s actually the sound of your finger hitting your palm. Not your fingers brushing against each other. (Yes I’m simple)
The way the tree grew
My dad owns original animation cells from "How The Grinch Stole Christmas", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", and "The Little Mermaid"
Took a knife out of the sink and the water kept its shape
The 1.5 meter distance markers in my local Aldi say "for extermination"
Sarah Close thanked Reddit on the back of her new 'And Now, We're Shining' Vinyl.
Static electricity dust tracks on my vacuum.
Static electricity dust tracks on my vacuum.
This doom advertisement forms an image using multiple clickable boxes
Jimmy John’s is allowing people to walk through their drive-through
Hamster wheeling to the grocery store
My first 3D Printed Puzzle Box!
The first Ontario license plate.
This tree is actually a combination of trees all grown together
The hyvee my friend work at gave the fish a mask
One of my succulents deployed a flower vine. This grew within a week.
The hyvee my friend work at gave the fish a mask
This bakery is snarky
The hyvee my friend work at gave the fish a mask
This is another way how my office is taking precaution.
Ants dug tunnels into the bottom of my hot tub
This perfect triangle rock I found
First day of Spring in Utah
I had to go to the doctor's office for a radiology appointment and it was almost completely empty. They also put caution tape over all of the chairs.
This all-pink twin cherry I found in my bag of Tangfastics.
Finally can use the mask I got at Comic-con.
A hairless tennisball
Lobster in a bucket looks like a giant creature on planet Earth.
I just bought macaroni pasta that is so long that it can double as an environmentally-friendly straw
My doors lock broke and this was inside!
My network provider has replaced it's name with "StayHome" to instruct people against Corona Virus.
Malteaser + broken chocolate egg =dragon Eye I guess?
This poem I found in one of my drawers
A puddle I rode a Ripstik board through looks like a tentacle monster.
I got my playlist ready for tonight.
My Condo Lift
Hand sewed free masks for people in need !
The backside of my Julius Caesar pencil holder. It holds 14 writing utensils.
This bruise on my thigh that's healing in stripes. It was not like this when it was a full bruise, but as it progresses the stripes get more pronounced.
The animals are taking back their city! Get back out on the streets, we have to protect what's ours from this domestic threat.
This strange sign in my neighborhood.
Ice that formed vertically
Two packs of cheese and pepperoni
This sign amidst the coronavirus shutdowns
In 2019 I kept track of a simple mood log throughout the year
The ashes of our incence manages to land upright two times
The ashes of our incence manages to land upright two times
These some happy bell peppers
This Handwriting That Looks Like A Font
What happen this time?
social distancing
I have been sewing masks for 2 days straight to give them for free to people in need. Not so interesting but I am proud and wanted to spreddit.
This double rainbow I cought
Local store is having customers stay outside and point out what they want from the window. The transaction is made on the sidewalk.
This is a portable restroom while my local target gets remodeled.
The HTC files #1
This monstrosity I found in my gummy bears
One of the eggs cracked while hard boiling them and it formed these noodles. They tasted/chewed like pasta.
Found this unmodificated watermelon below my house
Didnt even know these existed
420 comments on this post about weed stores deemed essential during Corona lockdown
The last piece of toilet paper on this roll kinda looks like the Batman logo
Wrong is the new Left
Cracked 3 eggs with 2 yolks in them each
This *new* pound coin has 3 parts uncut somehow :p
I set down my spoon to go to the bathroom, looked back, and saw it had balanced on the brim of the bowl
A can of whiskey
What he invented again?
This coronavirus photo makes my neighborhood look surreal
The confetti on Tom Brady looks photoshopped
How the ice froze on my wheels while driving through wyoming
A live look at traffic in the Los Angeles area this morning.
When the sun hits my MacBook just right, you can see the apple through the screen.
Local grocery store taking a good approach
It must really be the endtimes. My bananas hung themselves.
My bag of veggie straws...that I bought in CA
Coronavirus safety exam sent out by my employer. I think I nailed it!
Toothpaste tube tearing
The inside of a standard exit light
In the UAE, Kellogg's market penetration is so strong that all cereal is referred to as corn flakes. Here I am at the corn flakes aisle
This cloud looks like a seagull righting itself after a series of evasive, defensive maneuvers
This "Frankengrape"
Limited edition quite literally. Bonus: The store only allows one package per person per day, which I find highly reasonable.
Architectural model of UMCG, University Medical center Groningen, Netherlands.
Sour patch kid in Swedish fish
People went out and partied during the Black Death pandemic, just like the spring break crowds are doing today. They partied because they thought they were going to die. Today, young people are continuing to party because they’re sure they’re NOT going to die.
Sitting in my Dr's office.
This email response to Covid-19.
The way my brother organizes his book for school
The way the chicken broth and kids' snack boxes fit very nicely in the cupboard.
The light from my mouse looks like the Incredibles logo
This is how clouds are made.
Someone knitted hats for this statue in Nuremberg, Germany.
Toilet paper t-shirt https://teespring.com/get-toilet-paper-t-shirt?pid=2&amp;cid=2122
A US penny from 1798, only 9 years after the constitution. Theoretically, George Washington could’ve held this coin.
No standing desk at home? No problem!
This cheetah camouflaging.
This bottle collection.
Skittles have done skittles that are 3 times bigger than the original ones!
Near where I live there is a section of highway which cuts through the buildings
I set down my spoon to go to bathroom, looked back, and saw this. Not that cool, but doesn’t happen everyday.
This sign at my local grocery store.
The flowers on this branch
This coffee stain made an exclamation point
This Jurassic-looking plant
Saw this guy hanging out on my blueberry, yay friendship!
An eye in a piece of wood at work
The 69th california state science fair has been canceled.
The way those shirt clips say "handsome" and "valuable"
Protective sheets for the cashier at a local store (Spain). There's also a disinfectant for customers (lower right) and the cashier who wears a mask and gloves disinfected herself and the register after every customer. This is just a few days after streets were full of unconcerned people.
Pallet jacks delivered on a pallet
This cloud that looks like a mountain
These painted handguns at the gun store.
The difference in cleanliness between these two decks of cards
Look I know these are times of compromise and sacrifice... But BJ's... I'd sooner welcome the apocalypse than the tin foil
chocolate smooth as glass
Damn, I just found out you can do vertical panoramas!
Just found an old receipt I accidentally folded exactly in the signature line. Felt good, idk.
You can see where this tank is filled to from the condensation on the outside
This brush that transforms from 2D to 3D
Years ago I put a post-it note over the LED on our printer because it was bright. Took it off today and it left a perfect square of discolored post-it
Can this be true??
Just a worm crawling across the sidewalk, or what I find when I get up before noon.
Squat Toilets are used by a large portion of the world instead of the sitting toilet.
My wife 3D-printed her skull. Proudly displayed at her desk
Two of the same tree, but only one lost its leaves
This is how the Olympic flame is transported via plane
I wonder how it smells inside
One tree lost all of its leaves while the other still has all of them
Liquor vending machine in Japan
My progress over exactly 365 days
Made my own pour over coffee maker.
This butter box that has butter left only on one side looks like a roly-poly toy
This butter box almost at the end looks like a roly-poly toy
My dog perfectly aligned with the shadow
This butter box almost at the end looks like a roly-poly toy
Kit Kat missing chocolate layer at the bottom. Could taste the difference right away.
I found a naturally generated lava pool that looks like the US Dollar symbol $$$$
A picture of me in the same position, exactly 2 years after the original picture was taken.
A mini cornetto ice cream cone, pen for size reference
Sandal Socks with Sandals on the Socks
Heart shaped lake at the top of a mountain on a remote island in the middle of the Indian ocean.
One of the free, after-hours walk-in COVID-19 field testing tent clinics in South Korea (for use after 1800H)
The crystalline structure in frozen orange juice.
Range display on our Bolt EV
Range display on our Bolt EV
DIY vehicle I passed in the center of Kosovo’s capital, Pristina (Jan 2020)
Between the villages in the the UK sits the 'plague stone'. During the plague, vinegar was put in the top and money for goods and any change was placed in the vinegar to act as a disinfectant and so prevent the spread of the disease. (we still practice this now)
My local gas station has the price of a coffee on its price board
Popcorn with a hole in it
This ATM has a headphone jack
I wonder, this orange's growth hadn't stopped, what would have come out of it?
My shoeprint looks like a city map
Received our baby box from the government today
My work got new key rings
The design on my box of tissues looks like the Coronavirus
theres a white m&amp;m inside my red m&amp;m
My friend 3D printed me a Julius Caesar pencil holder.
Two U.S. dimes welded together.
Goliath Clover
The trucking industry is still doing what we can. We are working long hours, and the important freight is moving. My terminal has been moving lots of toilet paper, sanitizing wipes, nitrile gloves, alcohol sanitizer, and water. It’s good to know that we aren’t risking our health for nothing.
Found this in Assetto Corsa
A house built into an old grain elevator. Smolan, Kansas
My Reddit feed had perfect timing this morning!
When I shine this torch into my camera
Due to Covid-19, I’m having to go to all of the grocery stores in my area and install plastic sneeze guards on the check stands.
I didn’t know these existed
The movie "Cop Out" (2010) had warned us 10 years ago
Shadow illusion
A crack that looks like a screen protected peeling
[OC] My sister and I lit candles, incense, and meditated with intention last night and this happened.
600+ capacity cinema down to 100 in alternating rows and seats.
Well that aged well.
600+ capacity cinema down to 100 in alternating rows and seats.
The pop-up assistant on this website is wearing a face mask now.
This toothpaste
How BK will exchange your cash during the pandemic
Me Being Chaotic and my chaotic friends encouraging it even more
This notice on the back of this van
This toothpaste that looks like cotton candy
This how much dirt our canal accumulated going unwashed for years
NYC Times Square is very empty...I think we all know why.
The solution of this inequality looks like a circus tent
No Witch sign atop mountain forest in Bergen Norway.
Denmarks solution to stop hoarders. (First bottle = €5.5 second bottle = €134)
My measuring cup fits in the hole of my rice container a little bit too well
Denmarks solution for hoarders. (1st bottle = €5.5 second bottle = €134)
The Apple glows when the sun shines through the back of my MacBook (my computer is currently off and the apple disappears when I put my hand behind it.)
This Lego Tuk-tuk
Denmarks solution to stop hoarders (1 hand sanitizer = €5.5 second hand sanitizer = €134)
Yogurt Potato Chips anyone?
Agate-Head in Action - Today
Gazelles stand like this
Tiny lip balm from the dentist.
Russian habit when they drink tea.
The concentration of logos on my laptop charger
Received an unexpected delivery in Shanghai.
This scoop of fudge on my spoon looks like he could steal your girl with his singing and then ride of on his motorcycle.
Life advice on a shower cap
This 37 Year Old Unopened Corn Syrup Bottle My Parents Found in the Back of Their Pantry
this frosted flake that is two-sided
This Painting was created with colored Matchsticks by Japanese university students
This piece of wood with an interesting surface texture that also happens to look like the country I found it in (Austria)
These double sided chopsticks at a Japanese restaurant
One of the key candies in my candy bag didn’t have the hole punched through
Empty Disneyland Main Street - June 2008
The way these mushrooms are oriented from largest to smallest
Чем известен Арский камень республики Башкортостан
Barcelona is so symmetrical this photo appears to wiggle (not a gif)
Train seats have a little train route design on them
This little banana.
Train seat has a design has mini train routes on them
A little thing the movie 'Cop out' predicted in 2010.
I made these survival kits many years ago. I pulled them out today for the toilet paper.
A fire break road that worked in NorCal.
This Chain of Graffiti in Wellington
Orange showing concern in light of the coronavirus.
This floor showing where the barber has walked over the years.
this coffee maker fishtank
Some weird logic at work.
Audi claim
I got 82 msgs during got into hospital
405 highway in Los Angles with no traffic
My new bed set comes with pockets.
My chameleon found a way to climb on his humidifier tube even though I made it so he can’t access it.
A single packaged egg (with a sachet of soy sauce)
Things that make you go hmmm
3m tape I found dated 1988 and 1993, still good.
Photo taken of a man in the 1950's who looks almost exactly like Ryan Reynolds
We normally have the Union Jack flying at our school, but for St. Patrick’s day it was Irish.
This 187ml bottle of wine contains 13ml more
A beer glass that fills from below
One of my favorite pictures I have taken
Thousands of books drying after getting doused with water while putting out a fire in the University of Geneva, Switzerland in 2008
Went for an evening walk in the woods and came across a Ouija board and an old typewriter near the spot wear a kid died
Design on this dining table
The tape covering the crack in our door has condensation from how cold the air outside is.
The 3 on this game was put on backwards.
this ad by saudi health ministry "thanks to every person who didn't see this ad... stay home"
Wild parrots showing up on our neighbors bird feeder in San Francisco- I didn’t know they came around until being cooped up all day!
Someone awarded this ad
World's most judgmental bathroom wallpaper DARES you to steal the air freshener.
Korea is the place to be!
I removed a band aid after a day of excessive hand washing and it looks like I’m still wearing it
My steak looks like America without Florida
This letterbox has the Acer logo on it
How Tampa is completely dead downtown
The chunk of ice that was jamming my fridge's ice maker
My local Walgreens trying to keep the community safe
Found a Swedish fish in a bag of sour patch
Found a Swedish fish in a bag of sour patch
Big jalapeño growing a mini jalapeño
Cleaning and Quarantine-ing
Wal-Mart isn't bothering to take goods out of their packaging since many people are probably buying cases at a time anyway. I don't recall ever seeing the shelves stocked this way before.
"Vedomosti" magazine, in March 20, changed the name of the newspaper to “All Home" (Vsedomoi), to remind readers of self-isolation during the coronavirus pandemic.
Clove of garlic that began splitting into two but never finished
my service provider changed their name
A segment of this fuzzy thing looks like it's about to tell me "it's dangerous to go alone!"
This dog has some sick skill
Exotic Cans of Mackerel from France
The latte I made today looks like a dude screaming to the sky
In Bahrain they have 1/2 Dinar bills
This mini egg i found looks like a pebble
This jicama we left out started growing, and eventually these cool leaves started appearing.
At least something good is comming out of this
The puzzle section was empty at my local grocery store
The damage done on this door
I was taking videos of attempts for a song on guitar I was playing while there was a color changing light in the background. Please excuse the sheer amount of photos on the phone.
Social Distancing wirelessly for game night
What he invented again?
this typo I found in an ad while browsing this sub
This bubble caught on a branch
This strange loopy cloud/trail
DFW airport so the empty..
My chameleon found a way to climb on his humidifier tube even though I made it so he can’t access it.
Ups has ups branded sock that are part of their uniform.
Trump is from the future. 1999 newspaper article. Date in top left
This rope of tree branches
Took a photo of this neighborhood cat, and he looks poorly photoshopped
These steel pennies from the copper shortage during WWII
These instructions of how not to insert a straw
These instructions of how not
This Can of Sparkling Coffee
This very symmetrical snow pinwheel
My boss is a Labyrinth fan
This envelope from a company that produces body bags was made to look like a body bag.
I was making cookies and some flour splashed back at me, it looks like Iron Man's Arc Reactor
My local pharmacy's way of getting 6ft of separation
Realized that the arrow goes from point A to Z
This past Summer, I found this dead frog in my driveway frozen (dried up?) in this position. I live in Louisiana, our Summers are sweltering.
Honey is not a suitable adhesive for Arbitrarily Measuring the height of a room with Cheerios
My door this evening...
Was not warned about the decor in guest room I’m staying in
This Keebler Chips Deluxe Rainbow Cookie Has The Same Color M&amp;ms On It And They Form A Perfect Triangle
The way Digi telco advice to stay home
The background color on my iPhone hides the border of my folders
Got close to a parking pole today.
Walked by this at Sam's Club and felt I had to share.
The damage done on the door by the previous owner’s dog
The cell network in Saudi Arabia at the moment
The damage done on the door by the previous owner’s dog
When you wash your hands and decide it’s a good time to eat a handful of m&amp;m’s
This person in a bubble in my wife's hometown
Empty street. Usually busy with traffic and people.
Flight attendants attire when I flew home from Vietnam
small benefit of less people out and about due to shelter in place; never knew we had rabbits in our neighborhood
small benefit of shelter in place, never knew we had rabbits in our neighborhood
This ship has been making this message over the past few days. What does it say.
This ship has been making this message over the past few days. What does it say.
This zoomed in photo of my humidifier
Good Girl Gina is pictured in the ad for my local dentist.
How my cat drinks water (always but she also likes drinking out of glasses)
My glasses' shadow looks like pacman
Freeze dried chicken breast - all water removed and good for up to 20 years
My service provider in Malaysia added “Stay Home” to its name.
A Chinese restaurant I go to sent me a message a while back regarding the Coronavirus
This picture is from a 1918 Christian Evangel. The Spanish flu pandemic of 1918, the deadliest in history, infected an estimated 500 million and killed over 50 million.
The way these two appeared in my feed
Freeze-dried raw chicken breasts
A mildly heartwarming gift to you in these craziest of times.
I present to you one tiny palette of sticky notes
My jar of pickles is two cucumbers.
My jar of pickles is two cucumbers.
This long worm on my porch
Home made hand sanitizer station part 2.
The reflection of the lamp in my glasses looks like eyes
A branch in my tree is growing at a 90 degree angle.
I found a Brontosaurus in my Cheetos Puffcorn!
A telecom company doing its part in promoting social distancing
The timing of these two threads appearing on my home page.
This reddit coincidence
My supermarkets food area restricting dining access
The way some spilt juice off my apple affected the red ink but not the black.
Clever way to prevent overstocking
these 2 images here
This little bottle of California Redwood seeds
This billboard by the Ministry of Health in Saudi Arabia says "Thanks to everyone who did not see this billboard"
A home made hand sanitizer station with instructions.
Sweet Potato with "Veins"
My onion had another onion inside it
The Trader Joe's near me portions out toilet paper to all of the customers.
This textured plastic polished to a mirror sheen with bare hands
The Tea section in a London supermarket.
Is a finger or a carrot...perhaps a fingot
Baby riding mama, taken in Botswana.
This happy wifi adapter
The front page of the major Tasmanian newspaper today.
My quarantine project
Jenny and Forrest's wedding looks like a sloth
Isolation king. (He was on an active conference call)
The plant growing out of this broom
Found an old copy of a Car and Driver magazine I have from 1986 road testing new cars.... not many of these models still being made....
My stepdad who works at SPACE X sent me this from his employee handbook.
My posh home office, where I am meeting folks via telehealth to help them manage Coronavirus anxiety.
UPS making a delivery to FedEx Ship Center
Took my dog outside and used my flashlight. This is pollen. We breath this in with every breath!
The way these clouds look like something coming out of my chimney
This pizza kit from my old standby.
Every kids dream
Apple I pulled out of bag doesn’t have a sticker and every other one does
Protective shields at grocery store
This bendy carrot
This shopping cart has a magnifying glass
This smiling, unfinished 3D print is unaware of the horrors that await outside
This genetic mutation in my orange
When you finally get your linen closet organized thanks to mandatory time at home!
I found a shell on the beach with a Pepsi logo inside
This quarter I got at my local laundromat in WY, “Get Lei’d” on a HI state quarter from 08.
3 foot crossword puzzle to occupy us during this quarantine
The inside of a singing birthday card
Miniature Chicken Nugget from Chick-fil-A
The sad pizza box from Pizza Hut
Being stuck at home as it's benefits. I got to watch her molt.
My new oven has a Sabbath Mode
Day 5 of quarantine: I rolled a joint with nothing in it
My pup wears her heart on her forehead
The way this chain attached to a tree in our yard chokes up the tree branch
If you put the coconut in the oven before opening it it'll come out like this.
Horse drawn wagons have carved grooves into this rock on an old movie set.
At the dining hall at work you can’t sit in front of others to avoid coronavirus
Full supper in Canadian hospital. Cost to patient: $0
This physalis fruit
This little floofball who came through my drive-thru
I have freckles in my iris
This water pattern I saw on my dog walk this morning.
A American Elm and a Black Cherry grown so close to each other they've nearly fused.
Amazon delivery photo showed my dogs staring at the delivery person.
This city at night shaped like a hummingbird
We had this Rubik’s cube laying around. Since I’ve got nothing to do during the quarantine, I challenged myself and learned how to do it in just an afternoon. I can now do it without looking up the algorithms. Proof that you can do anything you put your mind to.
In a store that was out of pretty much everything, the candy aisle was virtually untouched.
My one egg had a yolk at the end of Mitosis
My cat doesn’t retract it’s nails when it stretches
Here’s a potato I thought looked like an anatomical heart.
My grandfather had coins from the Nazi-aligned French State he didn’t know about
The shadow of my glasses, where one lens is convex and the other concave.
When I was getting out of the shower I saw that these water drops made a paw print.
[OC] Electron Microscope photoshoot of Covid-19
Found this masterpiece on iFunny
My dogs fur has a long dark patch
How many rolls of toilet paper you need during isolation (link in comments)
How many rolls you need during isolation according to family members (link in comments)
Punk's in London ~ 1980
God giving us all the finger
This random robot sculpture off Florida Ave in Lakeland, FL.
My local orthodontist has sent me birthday cards but it's not my birthday and there are 2
I have a Rubik’s cube the size of my head
Harold from the memes is in a gym ad in my city
Austin doing the service industry a solid.
My glasses under a lamp
This realistic sized, self esteem boosting Barbie
This large, 1 Kilo Australian silver dollar my dad has.
Messages posted around the whole school after students were told tomorrow will be (possibly) their last day (UK).
Dutch supermarkets using plastic shields to protect cashiers
My pan can perfectly fit 10 mini spring rolls
This tree chewed by a beaver
Fruit(?) in Xi’an
This tree has two different colored flowers
Cardboard police cars on Turkish highways
Had trouble opening this avocado.
Neighbor likes flamingos
This sign at my local grocery store
The way this bell peper looks like the Golden Arches of McDonald's
This lone bottle of Corona has been in my fridge for a month and I caught myself saying 'hi' to it when I opened my fridge. It has become my 'Wilson'
Microsoft sent me this bucket for shipping my Surface with a swollen battery
Two people wearing masks underneath eerie sign in Madison, Wi
My paprika had a paprika inside
Tobacco stained first gen iPhone charger I found while bar cleaning (closed due to you know what)
This 2,658 dot dot-to-dot puzzle that I just finished after about 3 years (I completely forgot about it for a while and found it again today)
These waters are packed inside out
No joke my brother threw a glove at me and it landed like this and now an inanimate object has the right to neck me?
This auto shop’s sign looks like the Waffle House sign.
The way this bowl just broke.
So this came up in a group chat
Best friends little brother is autistic, he draws things... enjoy.
At work bathroom, toilet paper in the light fixture
This unfortunate brand of paper shredder.
My cat is covering his face to try to get some Z’s but it still looks like he has a face .
A wren made a nest in my brother’s trousers
The potato that reminds me of an anatomical heart without the arteries or vena cava
My run looks like a dinosaur fetus ultrasound
Grocery store requires people to line up 6 feet apart
Double D Milkshakes
This 402ml can of beer
"Thank you for all the money I've been given throughout my life" I found this on a dollar I got and thought it was interesting
mushrooms starting to grow out of my doormat
This quarter i found
Today in Argentina all the mayor newspapers had the same frontpage that reads “we stop the virus together”
Today in Argentina all the mayor newspapers had the same frontpage that reads “we stop the virus together”
Our pepper was pregnant
Hello arbitrary measurement fans! This room is 6spoons/6knives/6forks x 15spoons/2forks
My beer foam looks like a horse
My Dad recently started to draw egyptian Art
This building in Portland.
Marshmallows in the chamber vacuum sealer. Need to get a giant stay puff and see what it does.
recently the chinese vpn servers have been down but yesterday it saw a 7× increase and barely could handle it to the point where one server just shut down
This fresh egg has a hole in it but the sac inside is still intact
Hello again arbitrary measurement fans. This one's universal. This room is 347cheerios x 239cheerios.
This kiwi that looks surprised
Swirled some leftover French press sludge around my cup and this happened
The way this beer label is designed. Åben means Open in Danish.
I work in the grocery industry as a manager. It has been a busy week.
Two trees next to each other on the side of a major road downtown Toronto. The concrete "pot" had been cracked for a couple years before if got removed a d the tree cut down
On r/BELGICA (Belgium subreddit mostly for memes) is a user rotating the Belgium flag daily until there is a government. Also: They mix the three national languages in titles and commends.
My old teacher is streaming his lectures on twitch, and is currently playing Bastion.
Our new ping pong table came with these holders for balls and paddles
This chip that looks like my mother’s old douche bag, but that’s in Ohio.
This cereal box recipe calls for 11/4ths cups of baking mix
I got a three layered cracker in my cracker pack
The perfect 1,000 notifications
Simple and helpful
This giant window frame we’re putting in at work, my full size tiny coworker for scale.
Truck with a band-aid sticker.
Yo chek this out cant belive how is it possible my lil bro dropped his pencil and just look omg cant belive ut
Yo chek thi out so my brother dropped his pencil and just look what a coensidence omg cant belive it
This house roof looks like an upvote
This ketchup pile that looks like a human heart
If you peel the label from strawberry Burt’s Bees, it looks like a very weird Carmex tube.
Earthquakes, volcanoes, the dead rising from the grave, human sacrifices, cats and dogs living together, mass hysteria! .....We’re still not gonna buy your grocery store Panera soup
I was making some cookies and a bit of flour shot back at me and landed in this pattern
I was going through things and found giant checkers pieces. While I was taking them out of the bag, this piece's edges got caught on the carpet.
Played Eels and Escalators. My daughter used a backgammon die. She won.
These measuring spoons are labelled “dash”, “pinch” and “smidgen”.
This vertical chessboard.
The dorito i was going to eat looked like an upvote
Boba in my bubble tea lined up perfectly
These measuring cups
I cleaned my keyboard
Moved to FL. Inherited an Iguana. Part of Iguana's first shed
This cookie looks like Pac-Man
This headphone pad I repaired
This weird fork I found that looks like a weapon from rpg game
When your avocado wants to show you some love.
This Burger King has wine and food pairings, but for soda.
Newspapers' covers today (Buenos Aires).
I use my pointer finger to press the A, B, X, and Y, buttons and my middle/ring fingers for the triggers
The inside of a ticket from the Glasgow Subway
When you have more than 99 pages on Google it will show ":D" instead of 100+
Just the size difference in the Charmin Mega rolls. One package bought like 2 weeks ago, one package bought like 2 months ago.
Thanks to everyone who didn't see this ad. #stayhome ministry of health
Swiss TV doing interviews and following the social-distancing rules (excuse the bad quality)
My work work from home set up,and yes, that’s a lawn chair.
This cloud has a spike in it.
This bag of beef jerky has a floss pick included.
because of the coronavirus Nevada closed all restaurants so my hotel brought food to our room on a table
Present-day office pizza party. Each of us sat at a separate table.
This is honest truth
Gf noticed the odometer at 123456 while I was driving!
A sunny side egg with its yolk and white separated
1899 Quarantine Ordinance
Why does that Cheerio O look like it wants to take my nut?
Poured my apple juice and the bubbles formed a pi-like symbol
Fidelity Investments gives antibacterial hand sanitizer spray to its customers. It clips on to your pocket.
This plane doesn’t have a 13th row
Supermarkets in Denmark putting up stickers
The way everyone is practicing social distancing by using every other parking spot.
Perfect circle by a hair on my laptops screen
The way the door and the curtain have the same color
These garbage and recycle cans are 10+ft tall
The branching pattern of my scar
The concern on this lawn ornament's face
Truck that collided with a bridge towing a support vehicle
A mildly heartwarming gift in these craziest of times.
This metal chip on my dogs collar got worn down so much that we had to put a second hole trough it.
Social Toilet Paper
This photo makes it look like my house is in the clouds!
There’s a 3-headed daffodil growing in my front yard.
Find Waldo Coronavirus Edition
Different sizes of blueberries
How the ink from this pen flowed into the creases of my finger.
The size of this Heineken compared to my hand
My amazon parcel got delivered with a smiley face added in for good measure. This made me mildly happy
A flat tostito chip
Makesong World's First Talking Power Meter
92 out of the 500 most popular subreddits are ran by just 4 people.
An ad by nirvana, a large-scale memorial park with cemetery about self quarantine.
92 out of the 500 most popular subreddits are ran by just 4 people.
Due to the pollen accumulation, the sea surface of the ferry looks like marble
I got chick fil a yesterday and it came with purell wipes
This bath fills from a tap in the ceiling
I poured 91% isopropyl alcohol on a wound to clean it, and burned off a layer of skin along with it. Ultra clean skin.
I thought the “large size” Kit Kat would just be four normal sized sticks, but it’s actually two giant ones.
My dad found this little metal airplane figure in the ground of our basement (while digging), he suggests it’s from the war time
Statues wearing masks cause... you know
These potatoes in the drawer.
This pool shaped like colorado
I just parked my car and the odometer was in the exact moment of going from 2999 to 3000.
a tiny baby pine cone
Both eggs in my fried rice tonight had double yolks
You can see the “stages” of toast until it gets burnt on my toast
Hot off the presses!
My supermarket being proactive about Corona Virus with social distancing markers
40k lbs of disinfectant
The fact that my bird likes to sit in my sweatshirt pocket
This Famous Amos bag cut and sealed in the wrong place
How the shadow from the railing prevents the snow on the deck from melting
The crack in my ceiling is close to a square
My dogs toy laying on the couch
The panels from two unrelated comics
Queen Victoria on the back of a one penny from 1896
A one penny from 1896
This envelope from a body bag production company.
A hole in a dorito
When I activate the microwave, my Wi-Fi network takes a beating. (Shown TP-Link HS200 Wi-Fi Smart Light Switch) Also infuriating.
Day 4 of Quarantine, performing emergency C-Sections on bell peppers apparently.
This Walgreens converted from a Jack in the Box
This cloud looks like an elephant
Local theater's movie sign encouraging people to stay healthy
A Wood Engraving of Central Park South
This staple
This door at my job that was fixed with a coin.
My dog and Sam L. Jackson have the same crazy eyes.
Somewhere in Prague
Press X to open door.
Our potato germinates...
Greener grass downhill from drain hose
Today my Carrier(Vodafone) changed it's name to #EvdeKal which means #StayHome
For how much would you lick it?
I've managed to capture the different times google has changed their logo this year!
A Row of Two-Bladed Wind Turbines Outside Palm Springs
Stop &amp; Shop mislabeled cheddar as blue
The 1m distance also applies for interviews in Austria
Dropped my phone, ended up with a mosaic on the back.
On a hospital in sweden
My bedpost shadow looks like a lego cowboy getting ready to draw
My phone operator telling me to #StayAtHome
The advertisements in this magazine I own from 1901 - With The Flag to Pretoria - yours for only 6d!
These green eggs from a farm (compared to an more known egg)
My Culo Clean has arrived! It turns any plastic water bottle into an emergency bidet.
This bicolor apple I found in the fruit basket
Found this coin with a small hole in it.
A washboard to wash clothes without going out
This faded, 13 years old, poster in the window behind a fridge at a local cornershop (who still rent DVDs).
A swarm of bees that I caught today, Explanation in comments.
A beetle with eye spots on its back to deter predators
Found an old pound coin within the tiny gap beneath my desk
My great grandfather's wallet had his old license in it still.
Reposting this swarm of bees that I caught today, because original was removed.
Reposting this swarm I caught, cause original got removed.
[OC] This tree has repaired its once broken branch
In my country they are having 8th grade classes on the national TV because of the pandemic
Lake Huron (yellow) looks like tge U.S, and part of Nunavut (red) looks like norway
Un cousin du lapin de la RATP ?
When you google "askew", the page is slightly tilted...
Some of my husband’s pins- here paramedics get them for lifesaving or baby delivery calls.
My friend crocheted the coronavirus for my birthday!
This fruit fly was in the wrong place at the wrong time at the sticker factory
Gun comes with a VHS manual
Did you know bananas always split into equal thirds? [OC]
This mug my mom has with an intigrated spoon
In Turkey Vodafone changed its name to #evdekal means stay at home.
This grapefruit seed that sprouted inside the fruit
This Rubik's cube safe that I have. You have to line the colors up in a certain order to unlock it.
The window frames of this house say “poop”
How my dogs sleep on the couch sometimes
This song on my discover weekly playlist.
My carrier name changed to STAY HOME
Mobile carrier Vodafone says #StayAtHome instead of their brand name in Turkey.
This Omega truck delivering Covid-19 to unaffected areas
My carrier name changed to STAY HOME
This kidney kiwi.
I was born with a minor blood/vain disease (I never really looked it up) which makes three of my fingers yellow when I'm cold.
Cool cloud I saw near Yosemite
Well this bus driver is certainly prepared for Coronavirus huh lol? That’s a first I’ve seen so far today
How the wax in this bottle has settled to the bottom.
My small towns courthouse has a free bike repair station
I have an USSR Police Hat Cap Badge
I somehow made a heart with tears when I yawned
This rock I found on a beach in Oregon.
Street Art by Telmo Miel with projection
This Lays STAX has a bent at one end
My first lady bug of the year.
This fossil in a piece of stone outside a grocery (Bergamo, Italy).
A letter from F. Scott Fitzgerald when he was quarantined due to influenza, 1920, South of France
Quiet Street of Stockholm, Sweden
My mom hang up these picture frames 20 years ago. Removing them revealed the original color of the wallpaper
Quiet Street of Stockholm
The plug socket on my school computer looks like a face
My house has no sharp outwards facing corners
My Mum took some money out from a cash machine today and got some of the new £20 notes with sequential serial numbers
These frozen bananas that look like interactable objects in a video game (bananas for scale)
This toilet paper roll without a cardboard tube
This toilet paper roll without a cardboard tube
The morning light glare makes these candles look like they’re lit (apologies for bad lighting)
Our toilet paper comes with corona design
Our janitor has been spraying all the commonly touched items with bleach every hour.
This olive oil tells you the exact time it expired.
On the back of my Lysol wipes Coronavirus is listed among the viruses it disinfects. (It was not listed on the back of my Lysol spray)
Diet Coke is ten cents more than regular at this store.
The birth mark in my eye
My granddad taking part in a most knobbly knees competition
‪iPhone status bar in turkey says stay at home‬
The laptop board I got flips over and has mouse pads on both sides for both left- and right-handed users.
This albino squirrel I found in my Grandmas town
This massive shoeprint outside my house.
My local Aldi has solar panels covering its roof.
One of the radio stations is displaying COVID19 reminders instead of the song title
Sign over the freeway today
My egg yolk separated from the egg white
This toucan pen I just bought
My work is telling people to let the seniors do their shopping on certain days
Coronavirus outbreak had been foretold.
Coronavirus outbreak had been foretold.
Was the Coronavirus outbreak predicted?
How the fingerprint scanner lines up with the Arc Reactor
All the newspapers in my country today!
The starbucks I work at has designated spots for customers, six feet apart
I found a curved domino
Current night view of Vegas with Casinos closed.
A 2¢ and 3¢ piece from 1871 and 1865. (Yes, these are american coins)
This kiwi with just one seed.
sea urchins apparently possess an eye... did not know that
Mark Rober made a trampoline to bounce a car. https://youtu.be/tMKXbLBgkEc
This blade that kind of looks like ice
Found a hidden Morty in my local Save-a-lot
This is a muffin
This is an actual picture of the front of my house seen through the blurry glass. Spooky.
A rare bottle lable on my smoothie, where 2 label rolls have been spliced together
My hotel has resorted to shutting off their lights inside to lessen the financial impact the Coronavirus is having on our industry.
Gag gift from 2 years ago now my most valuable possession, embroidered TP.
My first time foiling a gas stove came out pretty good.
My first time foiling a gas stove came out pretty good.
This creeper plant's branch looks like a cool spring
Jupiter &amp; the Milky Way above the clouds on a Hawaiian volcano
How this evil cigarette burnt down on me
Little ecosystem in a sealed glass container
I got this can out of a box and it has a couple of dents in it but is is completely empty.
New logs on the left and year old ones on the right
A steak at Meijer.
That's what a stone looks like inside
The queue on the border of poland (Zgorzelec)
So we got school at home via Hangouts Meet from Google and I copied the whole chat and searched it. Y does Google give me Teletubbies
This orange has a bunch of smaller oranges growing out of it
My brother accidentally filled his cup exactly at the top
Marktkauf ( supermarket in Germany ) has 1.5 meter distance divisions at checkout finally
I took a random pic of my laptop screen and found these two pixels
These coconuts that come with a bamboo straw.
I stabbed myself with my own strand of hair
An alternate perspective on coronavirus.
The lifts in my apartment has done this so people don't face each other
This statue of Oliver Hardy has six fingers on his right hand.
These idiot proof pills?
"Disinfectant for your hands" in a super market in Latvia along with plastic gloves.
Perspective art
Super big blueberries
This matchbox from WW2 era
My office social committee is doing a COVID Bingo while we all work from home to make up for cancelled events
The result of photocopying a mirror
The color of chemex brewed coffee
Diagnosed with Possible Fatal Condition, discharged next day due to Covid 19...
Strong winds blew off the letters of a local tobacco store and turned it into a taco shack
A gum without the pop on it (warning: it might seem gross or unsettling for some people)
This floss was made in Ireland
#beatselfisolation
There was a chocholate cereal ball in my plain cereal
KFCs service window had the wrong monitor displayed.
Otto, a giant Octopus plushy my mom sewed is working from home now
My juice did not want to mix with the water
RMS Titanic Ocean liner
My father decided to make pancakes, but something went slightly wrong
A proper way to avoid COVID-19 (Georgia, Tbilisi)
A very purple house
Made these clay figures
Hmm
This heart shaped chicken nugget
This chocolate wrapper has a skirt.
A normally packed bergen county park and ride
I opened minecraft and was welcomed by this phrase.
I opened minecraft and was welcomed by this phrase. Minecraft is awesome!
My (humble) amount of karma right now
I met TWO Victoria Crowned Pigeons!
This large exercise rubber band was wrapped with normal sized rubber bands
This deck of cards has square cards and a fifth suit
92 out of the top 500 subreddits are moderated by four users
Super-sized cinnamon toast crunch
Who knew clothes racks were so versatile!?
On the Plus Side, Maybe George R.R. Martin Will Finish Winds of Winter Now
My phone camera can take extremely close up Image like this.
My phone camera can take extremely close up Image like this.
Mcdonalds stopped plastic bags for their happy meal toys :)
My quarantine project
A baby in the Philippines was named from COVID-19
We have a tissue dispenser to be used for pressing the lift buttons now
This pre-war Nazi post stamps I found at my grandparents house.
About to make popcorn when I found this giant kernel
The vitamins i take look like mommy, daddy + baby
My cappuccino foam looks like an eye
The imprint of the ladle in the pot I haven’t cleaned
Found this “fairy ring” of red leaves on a walk to work in Denver, CO.
The way this stirrer is misshaped.
I caught a lizard in my house and you can see its internal organs.
Rush hour traffic in South Dublin this morning (with isolation restrictions)
...a baby in southern philippines was named after the virus
This hooks
Someone had all the failed presidential candidates bumperstickers on their car
This ass shaped plum.
My fortune cookie is poetic but strange
These styrofoam balls stick to my leg through electrostatics after walking through a bathtub full of them.
These styrofoam balls stick to my leg through electrostatics after walking through a bathtub full of them.
This petal shedding its colour.
ART that makes you Question ..
Mt. Fuji today - rare lenticular cloud
I guess i am a duck then !!
This battery packaging minus the battery (no it wasn’t stolen/opened it just wasn’t in there)
This message on my phone - STAY HOME
This type of clock in one of the art rooms of my school.
This what happens when you dont change ur band aid everyday....
The grease on the back of this pizza looks like Straya
A crossword completed with Tolkien Runes
This message on my phone - STAY HOME
My wife’s tiny phone from 2004
found this gem on the bus this morning
I found Nemo, Marlin, and Dory in a pet store.
My brother found a three tailed gecko today. Sign of the apocalypse?
My brother found a three tailed gecko today. Sign of the apocalypse?
These Water Droplets Formed into a Grid After Moving My Shower Mat
Not sure if this belongs here but found this interesting! I'm guessing it's ice reaching to more ice? Not 100% sure but it's cool!
My dad feeds the magpies and they’re okay with being close to him
My DIY cat wall I built from scratch.
Went to crack an egg for breakfast, only cracked the shell leaving the film the egg is in.
I copied this
This bench made to look like a blanket being held up
A woman called Shirley perfectly set me up for a second round of quotes from the 1980 Airplane movie.
Goats have rectangular pupils.
My old baby teeth in a tiny jar.
This snack with a halo
I used up all the ink in a pen for the first time. AMA.
My door knocker looks like a mini-robot butler.
My dog smiles when you scrub her :)
A very furry cow
My girlfriend's hair matches our silverware
I almost knocked over my glass but it rocked back and forth and balanced like this
This Carlsberg x 7-Eleven Concept Store
This Out-of-place Mint
It's what everyone's thinking.
Social distancing in the newspaper.
This dorito came with a perfect slit to fit on my lanyard
This deformed Oreo
Screen at the gas station was upside down.
A chunk of seasoning powder with my BBQ chips
Apparently I only use a zipper on my backpack.
Seattle pot shop using chalk lines to reinforce Social Distancing
What happen this time?
The way the wax started melting in my lava lamp made it look like an alien in a jar
I took a time lapse during takeoff and got a decent 360 panorama of the city. Can you tell where I flew out of?
At this time of global panic, I’d like to share one of my worst nights at the casino. The interesting part: cashing this rounded up to a staggering $0.05 payout.
At this time of global panic, I’d like to share one of my worst nights at the casino. The interesting part: cashing this rounded up to a staggering $0.05 payout.
I made some aged paper with a hidden message inside
The waiting room at my doctors office today.
Mints AI noticed something...can't put my finger on it
This LEGO under l.e.d,s
You can see the Moon during the day if you have a telescope
This reflection of my iPad screen off my bottle of beer.
[OC] A chunk of glass formed a dome when the pressing equipment failed to activate.
This ad shows a bra that is the same color as mike wazowski
Ever seen the date formatted like this? WW2-Era Montblanc Pen, January 31, 1943
Seems like a nice.... wait, who's #1?
If you look closely one of my cat's whiskers starts off black then turns white and then back to black.
"Hello from Seattle" - Xbox One Controllers
Reynolds Wrap has a “Reynolds Strength” logo that’s a knight, riding a horse, and he’s kicking a snake
This purple thing is actually a purple yam called ube
I saw a satisfying descending view count. 5,400,300
The snow on this roof looks like a bird
Keeping it real in Texas. This local restaurant is killing it with their marketing
Tissue paper looks like the island of Hokkaido in Japan
Found some corona aid when I got to the station today.
Found some corona aid when I got to the station today.
Found some corona aid when I got to the station today.
Pattern on moth in my house looks like a bird
Pattern on moth in my house looks like a bird
My Cheerios have hearts!
Prison looks like open handcuffs from above.
The assembly line lost a cupcake.
The speedometer on a Delorean doesn’t even go to 88mph.
My algebra notes from last semester (zoom in)
The low sun makes long shadows from debris on the sidewalk
le straight banana
My ice cubes grew spikes
Some pins from the early 2000's I found that belonged to my older siblings
My friend folded a gum wrapper perfectly
This banana is so straight James Charles had a crush on it
Lined up perfectly
This spot on a rock I found on a beach kinda looks like a fish
West Edmonton Mall March 18th
Famous Amos Came With a Single Cookie!
Bird slammed into a window at my house and there is a lot of detail in the birdprint
Happy little energy drink
The first cell phone photo ever taken, 1997.
A poop bag that fits like a glove for easy grip no turd slip!
I was walking down the street and found a random painting in a tree
Social distancing at a press conference. Reporters/photographers/interviewees at least 6 feet apart.
I found this planet in Space Engine
Sismic activity on a resin print.
This cocktail
This tree that grew through the hole in the table
My jello has no label
I put this cockroach in the freezer just because, after around one hour I remember she and I took out her, after two hours she start to move her legs, WTF
Ever wondered what the paper inside a Hershey kiss is called?
Self isolation gave me a chance to finish a doodle I’ve been neglecting
Packet shaped like the bottle.
Triple chamber peanut
My fiancé ordered disinfectant spray and it arrived quickly from an unexpected source
My girlfriend found these cards still in the packaging while emptying her grandparents storage unit.
Universal Testing NOW Goddammit!
This image is actually a lit cigar in bricks
Came across some chickens while walking through North Philly today.
Mushrooms growing under my dishwasher...
Graffiti on truck in NYC during Coronamadness
Thanks to the corona virus I and 15 other people have a private plane to our destination.
The dead, cracked femoral head removed during my total hip replacement
I own a 2000 year old Roman coin.
Some flour fell on this 3D layered fridge magnet and made it look like it's snowing on Colorado National Monument.
The amount of spare rolls of toilet paper I had to remove form our motel rooms today. (Because people kept taking off with them). 67 rolls all up and that’s just from 20% of our rooms since the rest were in use.
I don’t know what to say... my kiwi has 2 of those dots in the middle!
The way our chess game ended up
Walmart replaced their donuts with packaged snacks because of Corona.
My puppy has a heart on her chest
These DIY "bakery-fresh soup bowls" I found in a grocery store
The largest store bought lemon I could find vs an average sized lemon off of our tree
I found this in the window of the little girls room of the previous owners. Almost as if it was a gift to the next owner of the home.
This picture I found of My dad (left) and Dan Marino (right) talking football together.
This tiny, tiny bottle of chocolate syrup.
The way this egg got cooked
[OC] The roof of my wife’s vehicle in the waning afternoon sun of remaining raindrops
The way the pollen looks on the wet driveway...
This 18-wheeler with one package paper towel bundle
Just got this Duolingo notification that acknowledges the quarantine in a lot of places
A Local Restaurant Gave Away A Free Roll of Toilet Paper and Mac Salad to People in the Community. Limit 1 per House Hold
I found a dollar at work today I thought looked like Trippie Redd
This plane with Kylo Ren’s lightsaber on its tail fin
The article I was reading glitched
My bf broke his glasses and fixed them by 3D printing a piece to hold them back together. He’s kind of a major tech nerd and I just find this to be the most ironically funny and adorable thing ever. It’s like a level up from the stereotypical nerd with tape on his glasses.
This block of Cheese found in a Nacho Doritos bag. (Bad quality sorry, old phone (at the time))
My cousin made a social distancing bingo board
Silver Spring, Maryland: Longest Single Span Escalator in the Western Hemisphere. 230 feet from the surface to the subway.
Lobstermobile
Old Chat Abbreviations in a Book from 2002
The difference between the facial emotion of Michelangelo's David when observed from above vs below
Just got an email from Ally saying that I can defer my auto payment (before the Govt made it mandatory)
A local news channel is taping their microphones to hockey sticks to conduct interviews to maintain social distancing.
One of my neighbors made a giant middle finger out of snow
I work at a Epi facility and can’t even go into my work center because of the precautions we’re taken to prevent the spread of the virus.
Friend’s kid got his cast off today and the arm with the cast is now twice as hairy as the other arm.
This albino M&amp;M
Eleven years on Reddit. My car on my way home from one of my longest day at work rolled this on me for my cake day. Worthy ?
this bread shaped tree stump
My god father's dog has eyebrows.
My compressor nebulizer looks like an original xbox
The local *insert famous store chain name* hasn’t removed all of the Christmas decorations yet.
This sign marks the limits of No Limits, TX
My dog has a perfect black oval on her back
This suggestion that I spray coconut oil on my coconut
Upvote dorito
These perfect condensation droplets on my Dr Pepper!
Paint dried in my pan looks like a Mini Figure.
This advert at my local Starbucks's bulletin board
This upside-down tree
In the package room of my apartment building. Someone is going to steal it
The way this tree grew...
this Wight peacock
This warehouse full of spacesuits I visited today
This marble got split almost perfectly in half
My curly hair literally knots itself
Week 2: Told my son to hang his shirts up.
This D battery adapter.
This doorway to nowhere
I had no idea Jellyfish could be fossilized until today.
This spherical mini M&amp;M
WWII Application for Fuel Oil Rations
Snow / ice melting off roof made sideways icicles
This upside down Pringles can I found at work
The plastic packaging of this paint roller doubles as a paint tray
The water in these caverns perfectly reflects the ceiling
The way this Greek yogurt looked when I opened it
I think the car was trying to take a self and smoke at the same time!!!
My matcha icecream had a fractal pattern on the top.
Pandemic Outbreaks over time
This egg that cracked while being hard boiled.
Crystal clear water in canals In Venice, after the corona virus outbreak.
An intact discarded beetle shell stuck onto a tree
Who says chickens can't fly
Currently in Japan, saw this Cola Pepsi
My dorito came with a perfect slit for my lanyard, now I truly dress for my dream job
I shaved my couch
Found this rare flock of birds taking a rest on their journey.
My keyboard has a "calculator" key.
This walnut/guitar string ring u/dreamingrealityiii made for me after I sent them my old strings
Protect First Responders (I made a thing)
Upside-down view of the street in a raindrop
Came across this little guy
Only the shapes Mac &amp; Cheese sold out
To that post regarding desk calendars, I too doodle. Albeit A little more cluttered.
I received this silver plated penny from a QuikTrip gas station yesterday. The cashier mistook this penny as a dime.
A completely red jalapeño
Found a 5 leaf clover today.
Current status World Wide on Coronavirus
Suspension for my car came with matching mini keychain.
What a time to be alive!
The current state of an underground light rail station in Seattle at 3pm on a Wednesday
Canadian reporters keeping their distance from interviewees by taping the microphone to the end of a hockey stick
This frog who seems to have died in peace on this lamp post
Spotted a restaurant with the Reddit logo on it
I guess this is our future now !!
My local pharmacy (Meijer) put down temporary spaces to stand 6 feet apart in line
Vegas Strip 3/17/20’ empty due to Pandemic.
The size of this pinecone
the knuckle wrinkles on my ring finger make a smiling face
These (ethically sourced) damselfly wing earrings
a guy that i know bought a pallet of busch light before quarantine starts
Found some toilet paper!
This set of tree branches that braided itself together
The office toilet paper
How someone in the apt complex protect his car against his neighbor
Stain on my lamp looks like the like button on YouTube!
The New Las Vegas
This is how the gas pump automatically stopped during my fuel-up without me touching it. If only I could take the .001 gallons and replace it with the missing cent...
Casual day in Australia when kangaroos hop through our school
These wallets that could perfectly fit a hard shell taco
This very straight banana
The Pyramids of Giza without any tourists during the Coronavirus outbreak, early 2020
I cut a used bar of soap, and now it looks like minty marble
Water droplets on my Monstera
My Local Gaming Store sells RPG dice in test tubes
This ice sheet slowly sliding off a roof
These potatoes in my pantry started to grow roots.
I just remembered that when I was little, I would use the wax from the babybel cheese to make putty.
This rubber band on the floor of my truck landed and made a peepee
LEGO project kit found at a craft store.
this view of the High Roller from Koval Lane
Cup that is made to look crushed.
I tried making an Xbox stand out of cardboard.
Had my truck stolen. Showed up two days later (10 min away) with nothing stolen and nothing vandalized. Left with this note inside
This glob of pure cheeto dust.
My apple has a second tail.
Go on take one
[OC] This UberEats order that went through the McDonald's I work at
A baby Jesus with a doctor outfit
Extremely detailed dog model
I managed to take the wrapper of my pack of gum without tearing it
Hang on around curves
Look at those layers my tea and milk created!
Never seen a backward, upside down sign. Until today.
Partial skittle
Radio telling us to wash are hands
The sun lined up with the tower in my photo.
Found this Bro Rock on a hike today
It is true !!
This Intertype Type Casting machine used to produced typefaces
Moss forming in my clothespin basket
I found a baby pepper in my big pepper
This rat with an exclamation point on its back
The code on my expired cat food looks like a swear word.
Someone at work marked where a face appears when light hits this valve at different times of the day
A bot in San Francisco that circles around and automatically measures people's temperatures
"Vacation Plans" with Lego!
This stain on my floor looks like lungs.
This smashed gum wrapper I found in the parking lot that looks like the side profile of an SUV
This rock I found in my backyard
The way these keys sit on this D-Ring.
My cat hunting a mouse in a tree.
Carrot ball!
President Grant and the Dos Equis guy look very similar
Americans being... well Americans...
Was working out in the garden when I heard my Mother screaming. I come around to the back yard and find that our bees swarmed into our neighbor's tree, this is the result. (Also got tons of video)
this piece of sheetrock has a tear that looks like a hammer
All of the tissue paper was selling out so fast, a limit was put on how many you could buy.
This blue bag of sour cream and onion Lay’s chips from Thailand
The tree trimmers dropped a branch and it re-planted itself in the grass.
Poorly timed fortune cookie
This bracket looks transparent because of its own reflection
This Nokia shaped flashlight
This Dorito’s bag had small balls of seasoning then I found this HUGE lump of seasoning in it...
These styrofoam balls stick to my leg through electrostatics after walking through a bathtub full of them.
Bought these usb to type c cable, found this in a tiny box :)
These styrofoam balls stick to my leg through electrostatics after walking through a bathtub full of them.
Cat fur is 113 degrees F.
Natural formation of small willowhenge on coast of the Danube river in Serbia
Cleaned off some Kraken miniatures and I love the bottles
This German sausage called "Nallekorv" (Nalle is Swedish for teddy bear) shaped like a teddy bear
This song came on while listening to new alternative music, its older and rings true today, strange..
These low gas prices in my hometown.
This nickel dosent have a date
A dime that’s tinted with a gold color and a dime with the impression of a penny smashed into it.
New truck did the thing
Target’s shipping box is cute!
Spending my 22nd Birthday in isolation. Blowing out the candles on a stack of used teabags so I don't infect the cake for everyone else.
My AstroTurf is growing grass.
Spending my 22nd Birthday in isolation. Blowing out the candles on a stack of used teabags so I don't infect the cake for everyone else.
I open a Pack of Peach Rings and found this
A dime that’s tinted a gold color and a nickel with the impression of a penny stamped on it.
The way how sunshine can make the most ordinary things quite pretty.
My local liquor store was open on St.Patricks day despite all the panic. Our little pot of gold.
This cloud I saw reminded me of something
There's a random pattern that resembles a Pokéball in my bathroom tile
[OC] My shirt has a loop so that when the tag is removed it won’t potentially leave a hole in the shirt
2 Mich Ultras from 80s left in the Wall
A Hawaiian newspaper from my collection. It’s from December 15th, 1941 and gives an interesting look into wartime life in Honolulu
Three oysters sharing a shell
i won a cutest baby contest and i still have the trophy
You guys were right about my sister liking batman
Strangely prescient fortune
This pic I took of our local supermarket looks like an Album cover.
This pic I took of our local supermarket looks like an Album cover.
My Neighborhood dispensary has "Senior Hours" to help seniors during the Coronavirus pandemic
The toilet paper aisle is empty. Sign asks you to limit to two
I got 4 popsicle sticks
This hospital has a goal of one person dying
T.p. inside t.p. this us the hero we need.
Someone at Walmart is having too much fun with pharmacy stickers
My plastic wrap lets you know when it's running low
The markings on this juvenile white tail deer skull.
Found a mini orange inside my orange
The semi next to us on the highway has a little tonka truck chilling on the back of its trailer
My dog bit me and it's symetrical
Rings Made Out Of Broken Porcelain Tea Cup
This is what it is.
The way this pencil stuck to this necklace
Koala drinking from spoon (c. 1900)
Empty Times Square
Dutch Bro employee took the shelter with him
The chinese iOS keyboard has a hidden kaomoji feature.
Model of my work place. We repair helicopters.
This bench that defies gravity
Food that glows in the dark! Is that even safe.....
Got this massive m&amp;m..normal m&amp;ms for scale
The kind of deals you get in 2020...
Slice a piece off of this sponge loaf and you have a sponge slice.
The busdrivers are completely isolated in the Netherlands
I guess I was a little bored in high school
I have blonde hair all over my arms...except for one stray black hair on a faded freckle
The code on this expired cat food
Bikes on a scooter in Vietnam
This potato chip
These adorable macarons
The size difference of these two chicken eggs.
When my cat got spayed, the shaved area grew back chocolate coloured
these orange peels
Making my two year old laugh yielded my "Ok Google" assistant farting in our faces.
This iron dust I extracted from a bag of sand (there is a magnet underneath)
Found this little guy in my yard
Rainbow appearing to act as a "forcefield" against a lightning strike
My peanut m&amp;m has no peanut. A first world problem indeed.
Pretty interesting
Skinny cans and chubby cans have the same top size.
my ice tray froze and exploded simultaneously
A happy tear drop of vegetable oil
My peanut butter crackers left out a top
This stretchy ziplock bag.
This note found posted in a certain store regarding toilet paper shortages
This screw with no threads that came with my anchor kit.
This note found posted in a certain store regarding toilet paper
This note found posted in a certain store regarding toilet paper
The way the cloud(right) reflects the sun (left)
I still have a functioning iPod
This is how a scratch in the display looks up close. It's actually a small scratch!
Someone put gloves and mask on the bear statues in my town.
This toothpaste holders helps you get the right amount of toothpaste by twisting it out
People of the UK, get your donation on as an excuse to leave the house!
I had a dream where I broke my wrist and arm...
The Firestone in my town made this sign telling people how to stay safe
Central Park at 11am during COVID-19. No car horns, no sirens.
My GF's Kit Kat was pure chocolate.
The way the sun is melting the snow this morning...
Direct flights form China to US (LA and NYC) have continued for last several weeks and are still running today.
Seattle City workers disinfecting the parks
Saw this outside a hospital.
Went to give my dog her allergy medicine in peanut butter when it began looking oddly familiar..
Radio Giving COVID-19 Tips
Due to the corona related shut down of all traffic operations the water in the Venice canals is crystal clear - perhaps the first time in around 150 years.
I managed to unlock my car from Blackpool Tower!
Browsing news, suddenly craving California Club Sangwich
My village shop put up an honesty box for papers so people don’t have to go in
My dogs paw prints because of his furry paws
Sand Pendulum records Utah's 5.7 Earthquake waves.
This fallen tree I found with two layers of bark on it
Who ever knew WarHeads had hand sanitizer? This was my only option at the Dollar General. I am weirdly thankful they did tho. It smells great too. Stay sanitized my friends!
Coworker has a wooden keyboard and mouse
One of my favorite restaurants has a special pandemic menu..
Reddit's FP keeping it real during a pandemic.
DC Home Security
This Guinness pump with USB charge points built in
Costco let me keep my mask on
Sometimes things just fall into place
The inside of a gas pump.
I have an original Abbey Road Vinyl from 1969
I found a newspaper from 1992
An old 1960 penny that’s been corroded.
What Londoners died of one week in 1721
Fossil inside a rock I smashed came out with a smiley face.
My Cayuga Duck laid a dalmatian egg today
The LDS religion believes that when the world ends and Jesus returns to Earth, the angel Moroni will sound his horn, today after a 5.7m earthquake, the statue of Moroni lost his horn.
My younger stepsister's side of the closet vs. my side of the closet.
Trump’s hotel looks like a ghost
Everyone is staying home except for those rebels in Montana?
I put milk on it’s side in the refrigerator and it made a milk sickle
Fire doors have a fire rating plaque...
I bit into a pizza popper that had nothing inside of it.
My right Twix has no caramel waves. (The insides were normal)
This restaurant has button to call for your bill or to request a menu
Trumps hotel looks lime a ghost
This promo card I made over two years ago ended up vaguely predicting the Corona outbreak
My co worker went to the salad bar at our local Wegmans.
This box with a built in closet rod for shipping expensive coats
A pallet that's locked with a lock worth more than itself
I was walking and saw this Jurassic Park jeep
A single non-wrapped cought drop in a bag of wrapped ones._.!
This long fire sprinkler
Mostly Empty Bellagio.
3 Strawberries morphed as one..just the kind of joy needed this week!
Some of my Cheerios are heart shaped
This 1918(world war 1) fifty pence!(uk)
Velveeta had competitors, and modern Velveeta is still able to fit snug in its vintage competitor's box.
Two Butthole Cuts
The many shadows almost give the illusion of motion
Today was my first day of online classes and my mom put this on my door.
This siamese bun
My houseplant is practicing social distancing.
This bird’s foot
This amalgamation of nails outside my school
[Gross] H2O2 releases oxygen while being absorbed into skin capillaries, which are more exposed in dry cracked skin.
my TP roll has collor on only the far right side
How my phone case wore off over the years
My adidas pants have puma aglets
Dementia friendly paint colours
[Kind of gross] Poured some peroxide on a small cut I have on my hand, and noticed this. Apparently it's because H2O2 releases oxygen while being absorbed into the skin capillaries, which are more exposed in dry cracked skin - most likely due to the constant hand washing.
CCN News Anchor and medical correspondent look a lot alike
Took a picture of my projector screen and noticed that you can see the colours used for the image
Protect Stevie Ray at all costs (Austin).
/r/All right now
I live in Utah where a 5.7 earthquake happened this morning. We found these 2 cracks next to one of our doorways, but that was the only damage in the house
This speaker my roommate got that's powered by the water.
I'm glad I stopped to read this ad haha.
The way the creamer settled in this coffee
We have double decker trains in Belgium
Caesium is the 55. element on the periodic table and gets its name from the Latin word "caesius", meaning "sky-blue". Coincidentally, Julius Caesar was 55 years old when he died.
This Henry vacuum is wearing a face mask
666 in the trainer ID
The sheer size of this nerd
This soap splotch that's happy I'm regularly washing my hands
My dog has another dog on her leg
Fascinating what people buy in tandem
It’s suprising how many people type ‘surprising’ wrong. Omg...
Our cell phone provider is helping us maintain the quarantine.
Condition of tissue paper in my country. Flexing on you Americans.
My 2 year old sister peed in a heart shape on our couch :(
Nike logo seen in my cut finger
This potato shaped like a heart
Bought a deck of cards for the quarantine, had an extra 5 of hearts
Two leaves growing from the same midrib
My phone carrier changed their name to be a message about Corona virus.
Small bag in a big box, chocolate was even less then half of the bag
This shiny web on my houseplant
Louisiana Cheese.
This friendly welcome sign. #socialdistancing
I put a meat package to unfreeze in this pan and it left behind a 4 and a 0 on the water.
The meat package left behind a 4 and a 0 after being unfrozen in this pan.
The ecosystem healed in so little time
There are peppers inside of my pepper
Earthquake Sugar Circle (5.7 Utah)
The Nigger Lover Comic Book
Diffusion force barriers
For some reason, I can't ask this question. It gets immediately removed.
A Distillery in Canada is Making Disinfecting Alcohol Instead of Gin
saw this rainbow lake on a walk. probably polluted but it was cool ig
My workplace’s solution to keep us socially distant.
Are there more ??
The pictures on the front line up with each other
Monkey fisticuffs
The shadow of my house blocking the frost in the yard from melting
Supermarket in The Netherlands have drawn lines on the ground to keep people well separated at the register.
The crazy things nature produces.
Cinamon toast crunch has a French toast crunch flavor
Cinamon toast crunk has a French toast crunch flavor
Influenza masks 1920's
You can tell by the different thickness when my cactuses were brought inside for the winter every year
Found this at my local chip shop. Thomas is retired
Millennium falcon?
This tree in Lake Tahoe, Nevada that also appears to have bricks in it.
These wrinkles I found on my arm after a late sleep
I topped up with a different washing liquid.
At least it will be read by many people
Moving my room around and when I moved a piece of furniture I found this ivy growing through my wall. Life... Uh... Finds a way?
I found a small grape :D
I managed to spell my first 7 letter scrabble word... isolate.
I also have a cool clock but it also shows the day and month
My Christian textbook has Michael Jackson in it
What is this pet?
Hopefully it dies out
Brazilian marketplace Mercado Livre changes its logo amid Corona crisis from a handshake to an elbow bump
How low of a chance is this?
I’m working in a ghost town
Wow a snail fest
My current PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) during the outbreak. My patients are giving me... mixed reactions.
I have a Frankenstein egg in my carton of eggs
My current PPE (personal protective equipment) during the outbreak
A walnut that hasn't crumbled at all
I made a wood burnt map of Texas using OSM data. Included Major Rivers, Cities, Peaks, Lakes and Parks. 1/4" Maple ply. Offset 1/3" from the wall. Approx. 24" x 24"
Glowing Lego, UV light
This worm my dad found is as long as a fly swatter.
This paddock hasn't been sown for decades but you can still see the lines from the seed drill.
In French these are called water castles, not towers
The various ways these old offset press inks dried.
This manhole cover, Gothenburg, Sweden
Work at a dermatologist. Had to rearrange the chairs so pts are maintaining the social distance of 6ft
This artwork my coworker does on his desk calendar.
My lucky coin
Cutting board in my restaurant after 5 years of using.
In r/therewasanattempt their upvote and downvote buttons
Artistic photo of my cactus
1 kopecka from 1853
My key looks like a screwdriver
My charging cable is a metal fan
This shadow looks like a face.
my cell provider changed the name of the service to “STAY HOME”
This guy runs a coffee shop out of a Beetle
You eve wondered who the 11 people are that KFC chose to follow? Well, 5 of the former SPICE girls and 6 different guys called HERB.
Three headed tulip from a bulb we planted
These robots for deliveries will probably be very popular right now
These flowers that got planted in a line (Netherlands)
Espresso martinis that look ilke bar stools
this signature
Halogen car headlight bulbs hit 200°c when in use resulting in snow/ice melting making them superior to led headlights.
Abandoned theme park in Japan with a huge Mount Rushmore left behind
Abandoned theme in Japan with huge Mount Rushmore left behind
These light coverings in my migraine Doctor’s offices.
Help! My orange is PREGNANTE
Date on the Kentucky Bottle will be wrong this year with it being postponed for the first time in in 75 years.
Very haunted pub in York
Stuff like this should be rewarded. I loved this.
Design your own mask during the coronavirus outbreak
My friend's landlord told him not to go in the shed but he went in anyway and found this
A tree literally older than jesus
Design your own mask
Casino floor in Vegas today after closing due to the coronavirus
I photographed a cloudy sky with my compact camera and captured sunspots (June 23, 2013)
My kitty's fur pattern is also the pattern of her skin pigment
Slightly webbed toes and unusually rectangular foot
My provider changed their name to stay home
Found these inside some frozen mussels
Our coconut tree just broke apart.
This old apartment complex that’s now filled with restaurants and boutique stores in Saigon
Despite common belief, Australia actually has mountains!
I smacked my finger 4 days ago while picking up some rocks, no blood came out, only this dood
This dive bar on the „Hamburger Berg“ which is part of the in-famous red light district literally has not been closed in 70 years! They now had to install a lock in order to be able to comply with the bar closures due to the corona virus outbreak.
This dive bar on the „Hamburger Berg“ which is part of the in-famous red light district literally has not been closed in 70 years! They now had to install a lock in order to be able to comply with the bar closures due to the corona virus outbreak.
This unused iTunes gift card from 2007 I just found
I mean they work
How the foam looks in my bathtub
The Retired heads of Madame Tussauds
Really long escalator takes 3 minutes to ride down.
From an oil barrel to a functional sink.
Really long elevator takes 3 minutes to ride down.
These nurses trying to help spread awareness of the importance of hand sanitising
Roads during lockdown
Snake with thonk emoji skin
Though this would serve justice
The retired heads of Madam Tussauds.
When you don't have a garage but you have a nice car. And the cat for extra security.
This coin has the number "two" shown on fingers for illiterate people in India.
I was born with a condition where my right thumb is unable to bend
this sign that is adressing panic buyers and asking them for their help
Got a fix it ticket on Valentine’s Day from Officer Butts lol
After 1-year of wear, 24/24, 5/7 runtime.
What happen this time?
The seen from my apartment window at night gives the street the perfect murder scene vibe.
The "Lake" is actually the roof of my car. Took this picture during a recent road trip.
AAAAA THE PAIN AAAA
My dog matched her white parts into the blanket and pillow and her black parts into the couch
Emergency numbers in other countries
The areas in red are more populated that all of the grey areas combined. Electoral College anyone?
My stormtrooper has his suit on backwards
The way rhe olive oil ended up in my frying pan
My wall within a week of getting paint.
The size of this egg my chickens laid (Hand for Scale)
Didn’t realize until I got home that my plant looks like a little human with a booty!
My great aunt passed away, so my grampa made a log cabin for her ashes.
My can recycling receipt gave me the exact change I needed today
This beer is seasonal so they just printed a sticker over their year-round beer
This key for my new apartment
This lift which has no idea of what’s happening
One of my hobbies is collecting 4-leaf clovers. Thought you all might be interested in what a fistful of luck looks like
This lift which has no idea of what’s happening
Three sides of the same coin
Some of my grey hairs are regaining their colour. Especially in my moustache &amp; beard. (Apologies for my dry winter hand.)
The writing is coming off the sticker on my water bottle turning it into an irl glitch
Floating Dandelion seed.
Even in a pandemic noone likes skim milk.
I got cheque 317 on 3/17
Photo taken at a wedding in Brooklyn this past Sunday. This morning 100 members of the same community tested positive for COVID-19.
My dad ran into Bernie Sanders at the Boston airport American Airlines lounge in June
My wife is stupid scared of these
This peanut M&amp;M looks like Mr.Peanut
The seafood restaurant that offered me a cocorat as their drink of the day.
A double yolk while cooking eggs
The way my ipad camera went when my friend dropped my bag in water on accident a few weeks ago (picture taken today)
The way my ipad camera went when my friend dropped my bag in water on accident a few weeks ago (picture taken today)
Leech therapy on ear hematoma. Less invasive and more cost effective than surgery.
I can’t remember the casino ever being closed
This ring that I found glows in the dark and has the Batman symbol on it.
This tip jar, "If you fear change, leave it here"
This is where River Phoenix died
Two buildings I flew over look like an uppercase and lowercase “H” side by side.
I have terrible handwriting but I like the way I made this specific G
My local Starbucks preventing people from hanging out there
New elevator design in Thailand due to Coronavirus
My girlfriend recreated a cake from my 5yr old bday...I've said it before...and I'll say it again, damn I love being a turtle.
The side cover title getting smaller and smaller on the FIFA games
Sometimes the perfect storm brings snowy mountains and a rainbow.
I have that weird disease where I lose circulation in some fingers/toes when I’m cold.
This spoonful of ice cream looks like a face.
This was my feed! Damn those empty shelves!
Just saw the rabbit on a walk and remembered that I’d seen a turtle also on a walk.
Happy St. Patty’s Day
West Virginia held out for as long as they could.
My door gets really close to my basket
Little plaque on the inside of Fire doors
I passed my screening today at work. I feel relieved !
It became real dark right before a thunderstorm. It's 10 in the morning
The way these bees gathered on the handrail
Wife and I sharing a delicious St Patty's brew
my pineapple is growing and looks unique when its forming its shape
I found a live butterfly in my Broccoli that I bought (and refrigerated) 5 days ago
My solor powered bbq
This is the nicest set of instructions I have ever read
I found a mismatched noodle in my rotini.
According to my independent study, shrimp ramen is liked the least of all ramens.
Got the 666th upvote on a picture of a shiny cockroach
This tree that appears to have bricks in it.
this DUMMY THICC strawberry (thumb for scale)
The intricate detail on this guitar pick
Dooms day garden
Morning drive to work.
This black line's shadow looks like a white line
How this daffodil grows threw the holes in this pot
My first time seeing Tears of Wine
The way floors were added to this existing apartment
The inside of a cranberry
Parmesan cheese formed the numbers “69” on my pizza
Making out prohibited due to coronavirus
There’s a feather stuck to one of these eggs.
The way the fabric thinned out on my shirt in only this spot. I see a weird frog-looking creature with its arms behind its body, about to take its next step on this strange sideways seahorse-looking structure... What does it look like to you?
Umm, what do clouds with lines under them mean?? 0mph wind?
Red bluebonnets
Glow in the dark tv remote buttons
Pre-served soft serve ice cream
My friend's math teacher puts this up during class.
Gap between buildings at work, it’s raining out side, and we’re on a slope preventing the water to spread: it’s a literal wall of rain!
I’ve got a face in my banana slice.
Each Hank Williams is 2 inches taller than the last one was. Who’s ready for a 20’ Hank the 84th?
This tip jar
This holiday card I received today from a friend in Australia. (Dated inside Dec 18, 2019)
Melted piece of cheese looks like a T-Rex
This bag has ways to reuse it instead of throwing it out on its inside.
Took a trip down to the Outer Banks in NC on 8/24. Followed a detour with the GPS. My buddy is a huge Kobe fan, so I snapped this screen shot for him when I saw the name of the bridge we were about to pass over. My wife was scrapbooking our trip today and asked me about it. The ETA gave me chills.
I have a journal full of 4 leafed clovers I’ve been collecting since I was a kid. In the spirit of Saint Patrick’s Day!
A photo taken on my iPhone came out like this
This light switch in my mom's house lights up when it's off so you can see it in the dark
Our water company send us an unusually large amount of water right after the sudden quarantine.
Some tried to make this the main form of cavalry in WWI
This extremely salty pretzel
Well placed promotion
5 leaf clover st patty’s
I’ve Found an euro Coin in my Wall, I am In Los Angeles
This orange ice cream inside an orange
This roll of Hillary Clinton toilet paper
This metal af crosswalk sign
The Most people ever connected is happening now..spread the truth.
The thorns on this tree I found.
This license....
This chip box that still has the old Smartfood bag design
Soooo... y‘all ever seen this before? That‘s her thumb
This straight razor tortilla chip.
The way this can opened when dropped.
45 years ago, 3 people wrote in wet cement
Hubby and I playing Yahtzee on our anniversary, tie score, upper and lower with different roll combinations.
A whole ecosystem within a fly trap.
My waffles shrunk in half... they have only been open a week, but someone didn't fold the plastic closed.
The paint on the side of my desk looks like cantaloupe skin
Came across this sign while jogging
This is my badass grandma!
Shopping in Inverness is a bit different
the way that my sweater perfectly matches my friend’s blanket
Ever since we bought this house on 7 April 2011 this lamp is always on... we did this because green (along with white) was the favourite color of Prophet Muhammad (pbuh)
This spaghetti that didn’t make the cut. Haha! Get it? Eh I know.
This soap made from rattlesnake venom
Heart shaped hole melted in the snow on my step
Covid 19 + Exzema
This picture of shrek
This uniquely coloured Blacknose Sheep. The only one I've ever seen like him. [OC]
My new highscore in 2048
Only 10 people at once lol
This tiny paper money swan
The bumper sticker collage on this truck..
This Crepe has Swirls
This Beer Bottle is Dented
This pork chop I cooked that looks like the state of Ohio
I went for a walk at an empty park and there were worms all over the sidewalk.
My hometown grocery store placed a hand washing station outside its entrance. You use a foot pedal to dispense the water.
Found a four leaf clover on Saint Patrick's Day.
Jersey Devil statute I found after I got lost in Pine Barrens taking the scenic route.
Laynes Has A1 Marketing
Store employee with a vague understanding of covid
Day 7? We now have 4 eggs in their nest, in our spring wreath, on our front glass door.
Relate to this meme pretty hard. Never found one i relate to as much as this about girls
The way these tree roots stay off the driveway and out of the neighbor’s yard
Giant blueberry
The internet is f’ng with me! .... was listening to dance radio on Apple Music with my kids and this came on.
Metal drummer of the new apocalypse spotted a metal recycler
So I made a post about this kiwiberry, I thought they were man made but after reading some links by other redditers turns out they are all natural! Here’s some sauce https://farmtotablela.com/kiwi-berry/ I didn’t know how to edit a post so I made a new one. God reddit mobile can’t post for shit.
Someone chained up their unicycle at Aldi
This thick 1kg bunny only costs 14€ as the stores have to close for a longer period, because of Corona.
This warehouse filled with dead birds
Over 100 year old branch slice of a madrona tree
This mask my aunt made not because of the cronavires, because she is a cleaning lady and the shortage of masks
The remains of a wheelbarrow (left-hand corner) were left on this patch of grass for months, preventing the patch from receiving any sun or rain. Now it looks like it's gonna transport me to flavourtown.
How this reflection looks like a Rock Troll. Or an Alien?
The inside of a side mirror
the rust on my chair looks like a person made out of tree rings
Stressed out - The distribution of these cards reflects the worries of kids at this school
Candy cane fruit loop i found in my fruit loop box
This USB lighter looks like a robotic fish.
A informative &amp; simple poster on the different stages when it comes to social-distancing. Hope you find it useful.
How this 6'7" guy looks miniscule because of the giant chair
Bird made a nest inside my friend’s garage door mechanism.
The way these clouds allined on this drive in the middle of nowhere.
The “S” floated off of one skittle as the others dissolved.
This can of tea I have has a peace sign on the tab
So this is a kiwi fruit in a berry form, the skin even has a sour taste. This is where I draw the line, science has gone too far!
My local Publix made a toilet paper cake in light of recent events
Boston radio station broadcasts hygiene tips instead of song info
Wallet from 2013 vs new - same starting color
Toured Universal Studios in the summer. The behind the scenes look at some movies are extremely interesting and realistic
This bin of plastic heads
This mark on a dirty car looks like an ax
This church.
The shadow from my lampshade ever so slightly resembles ironman's helmet
This rock has a small rock lodged inside of it.
Derek Carr keeps trying to call me at work.
Tiny mint in my bucket of mints (kindle fire camera :/)
Police Officer helping distribute toilet paper at Walmart
Linus’ face looks like the pikachu face
This license plate
These are for two completely different TVs
The postage for this till bill is higher than the toll itself.
My Dad’s satsuma was pregnant
I was laying on my arm and my ear left a mark
This mountain was almost completely burned 4 months ago. Now due to recent rains it's blooming beautifully
Fruit and mushroom jerky. I never knew this type of shit existed until Amazon.
I found a four leaf clover on Saint Patrick's Day this year.
The inside of watermelon jellybeans are red, while the shell is green.
My Pepper and both a Green and Red pepper growing inside it
While your phone may seem big, this is the size of an iPhone 6’s screen.
CPR machine at John Wayne Airport
My neighborhood bodega’s coronavirus prevention strategy
cool welding job
This tiny self aware car
these stairs with slide out drawers
my earbud case looks like a ninja
My bandaid molded my skin into its creases
My happy hippo had no eyes and just 1 nostril
I made a delivery stick (my ID and pen) for these crazy times. Thanks all you delivery people!
I left my putty on top of it’s tin over night
This threenut
one flame curls in...
This thing on my grandmas ceiling looks like a bad video game render
This egg has a long length compared to the right one
The ice crystals on my car roof this am...
Bruce Lee exists in the Mario Universe
The sunrise at work this morning
Though bars are closed, seems a promising start to St. Patty’s Day
This is how they're serving drinks at McDonald's amidst covid-19
The damage to my game's box makes it look like an authentic "found" horror game.
free TP with take-out at local restaurant
I dropped my pop can and it made the perfect dent for my bottom lip
Mannequin with google eyes in Target
This note I got in a package from Japan
This piece of toilet paper that's been cut out wrong
These 2 pickles are fused together
Asian market gave my parents a free bottle of sanitizer
The way the Barcode is shaped like the logo.
I love marzipan....
this mini bob ross paint by numbers keeping me entertained in quarantine
The Chick-fil-A I just went to game us hand sanitizing wipe with our meal
This sun bleached case looks like a potential alternate Spidey suit.
To Support Quarantine, Lebanese Cell Phone Providers Changed Network Names on Cell phones to "Stay Home" Amid National Lock Down.
My cat has a horse shoe under her chin.
A modern plague text from my local dispensary
These bananas are green yet still have black/brown spots
My cat has a horse shoe under her chin.
Saw someone walking their rabbit.
An uneven chocolate-banana
some newspaper i saw
The Osaka Flu meme must have caused The Simpsons s4 to be on the most watched TV on Rotten Tomatoes
An uneven chocolate-banana
An uneven chocolate-banana
Found my old ps3
My Capri-Sun came with two straws.
The replacement monitor (right) tech support sent me is missing it's internal components.
I just found these two four leaf clovers on st. patrick's day
My Friends Garbage Disposal Switch
This long ass baby carrot I found today
Found this (mummified) pear that I thought my toddler ate a month ago among her toys
These satellite dishes disguised to match the buildings exterior
A comment on topic Nr 1 [OC]
This Covid 19 chart shows the cruise ship as its own "Country, other"
local phone service provider gives population a friendly reminder
local phone service provider gives population a friendly reminder
This weird pretzeling found
This elevator only has floors 2 and 3.
Almost perfectly round egg in my carton
The holy cat shrine
Big aerospace company I was doing work for in SLC has obituaries in a work cabinet for all the employees who have died from that department
The shadow of this trash can
This perfectly formed third nipple
This cone of water made with the head of my toothbrush
The one thing that hasnt sold out.
Google tagged period dramas with "menstrual cycle"
When cutting open my onion, there was another one inside. Onionception.
Antique bathhouse shower looks like a torture chamber
Interesting way to Quarantine people, brought to you by India.
Interesting way to Quarantine people, brought to you by India.
That bookmark remembers page as well as line
This Game of Thrones-inspired Jeep
This mini crowbar I made has little holes in it that look like continents
List of approved WHO facial hair for wearing ventilator masks
Weather man forecasting massive avocado to pass over Texas in the coming hours
A couple months back around Christmas they had this green mint vanilla milk (so I posted that) and they brought it back! So I post it again
One of the cookies on my Oreo is on backwards
Hotel Belvedere, Switzerland aka Hairpin Hotel
My steak looks like the millennium falcon
This note/index card’s lines were not fully printed
This note/index card’s lines were not fully printed
This cork looks like Batman
Ohio Governor Mike DeWine’s deaf interpreter looks like Mike DeWine.
This cork looks like Batman
Ohio Governor Mike DeWine’s deaf interpreter looks like Mike DeWine.
This stone slab with newspaper ink
The way this sub suggestion pictures line up
Saw this in target, no thank you.
This Firestone by my house has a good taste in music
Green city today :) Traffic Before &amp; After Lockdown
STAR WARS GLASS STAND: DARTH VADER
I don’t know the full length of the presidencies but it’s an average of 72 years of her meeting presidents.
I saw a goose in a tree (might not fit this sub but I've never seen this before)
My kittens ear veins
Famous Brazilian online store changed its logo to help prevent Covid-19
This guy on The People's Court is wearing the same shirt as me.
We need to kill Life360
This 3d illusion sticker in this building in my city
This new house next to this old mildly sunken house
Most of you may not believe me but I legitimately found this on the side of an interstate exit, there's still vodka in it
A 3D printed 'Virus' I in Amsterdam from Printed in Space
This mobile charging station found in my school library. (It has wheels and can be rolled easily)
UCI is delivering food to students with robots
My car reached a small milestone
This oddly shaped apple
I guess I hadn’t used a post-it note for a while.
World War I poster
Fruit flavored fruit.
Just got my first ultrasound today. Turns out I’m actually giving birth to a clownfish.
Virtual dancing together in era of social distancing
Last drops of DayQuil resulted in a perfectly measured last dose :)
Philippine Bank lives up to its motto “We find ways”
One of my moustache hairs has sprouted its own hair (sorry for the terrible quality)
A sticker with decayed backing.
Was looking through old photos in my camera roll, and found this picture from June 2014. Someone’s car was fenced in by a rent-a-fence
The way this garage door blends into the roof/facade of the house
Sign of the times...
The way the snow folds on this car
This disinfecting robot in Wuhan
I noticed a black dot appeared on my eye a few days ago. What is it?
My grandma with Alzheimer’s will exclusively color everything in yellow, today her yellow went missing.
Who would need to bring 6666 eggs
No TP shortage here
Urinals with separate stalls
This box translates ft and In to another language instead of using metric
A Beautiful Moth
The way this trees bark changes
Ordered this to work for covid-19. Birdflue 10 ml/l. Gastroenteritisvirus 30 ml/l
Never knew I’d ever see this be a rule
The logo for a Ice Hockey league here in Canada is shaped like an ice skate.
My new toothpaste bottle’s toothpaste arched beautifully after removing the cap.
The shade of my birth control pill matches the shade of my pants
The bowling alley i went to today had nail clippers at every lane
How the snow melted on the hood of my car.
How to control the fall of a tree on a specific direction.
My potato thicc
What happen this time?
Working from home thanks to COVID and saw a white deer (aka - piebald) in my backyard this morning
I made a schedule for my 1st grader while he is home from school
I got stuck l sticker art bombed in the elevator at work today
Exactly 12h of daylight
The way my dog snores
My coiled-up headphones look like the cookie-monster
Sky captured by my brother from his smartphone.
My dentist has a picture on the ceiling
Exactly 12h of daylight
The driver in front of me smoking but protected against the virus
Salt and pepper shakers have an S and P to identify, respectively.
Salt and pepper shakers have an S and P to identify, respectively.
My sprinkle fell and decided to stand up
Salt and pepper shakers have an S and P to identify, respectively.
This clock in a Taiwanese 7-11 has the seven and eleven colored in
Mr.clean has an ear pierced
The way the reflection hits the air vents.
These two different sets of shopping baskets at a department store in Bangkok - for those that need help or want to be left alone.
My cat yawning
Found this washed ashore a creek yesterday. Any idea where it belongs?
My office plant doing a big stretch!
A cat appeared on my windowsill last night. Thing is, I live on the *second* floor.
I came outside to see my car is trying to blend in
Folded straw looks like intricate flower petals
An interesting visualization https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8120631/Visual-timeline-coronavirus-compares-historys-deadly-pandemics.html
Man with his family
The way this grape is so precisely split into two colors.
Geese of the Grand [OC]
My father-in-law gave us a case of these kits as a joke gift, back in December and unrelated to COVID-19
An Albino carrot amidst a see of normies
I saw a student driver 18 wheeler today
This goose just standing in the middle of the road. He's been there for almost 20 mins. Cars sit there and honk and he wont budge
This chunk of honey glazed flavoring that came out of my almond bag
Did you know Subway makes a 6 foot sandwich? [OC]
Priests blessing the streets of Tbilisi city, against Covid-19 with holy water.
This ice machine makes little mushrooms!
Normally packed, rush-hour commuter train into NYC this morning.
My grapes came with raisins
My chicken strip looks like a seahorse.
Lego butterfly knife I made, tell me if u want tutorial
These rocks and peach pits cost me $130.
If it looks stupid but works, it aint stupid.
114 year old Russian photo album has last image missing, but the imprint is still there!
This piece of wire coming out of the main trunk of the tree end this branch that grew around it
I bet this word never came up on the real life British TV gameshow which the game is based on.
Double pasta
The lower case Ds in the titles on Hulu are missing on my TV.
My local shopping centre is on the side of a hill, and has 3 ground floors
I found a circular chip in this bag, the other chip is there to show that the rest of the chips are indeed not circular.
Cleaning out my desk at work since I’m going to a new job. Found this tucked in my desk and found it interesting given the current events.....
Coffee stain the shape of a heart
I put a cup of butter in the microwave to soften it and it melted a hole in the center
A perfect triangular rock I found while shooting my pellet gun...
The morning dew on my rose bush
[OC] These tin badges that I found in Japan that say some variation of "Just hay fever, I can't infect you"
[OC] These tin badges that I found in Japan that say some variation of "Just hay fever, I can't infect you"
This piece of mango looks like it has veins
Ah, the sacred "S" ... now part of mainstream retail
Shops in Ireland now have social distancing markers in queueing areas
My local TV channel is displaying remainders to wash your hands in between commercials.
The natural progression of greens while cutting green onions this morning
What he invented again?
the worlds new fastest man
Bribing people with tp
I own the same model of pocket watch as another user on this sub
Bill Gates did a TED Talk 4 years ago about how unprepared we are for an outbreak and it's scary how accurate he is about what's happening now (https://youtu.be/6Af6b_wyiwI)
The falling clock that took the wall with it
This droopy tree
43 y/o microwave at my parents house still working. This thing is huge!
A bar in Shibuya, Japan had a partnership with Red Bull around October. The sticker they gave out (that I’ve had on my wall for months) uses two V’s instead of a W in the word, “Yellow.”
This grape has decided it doesn’t have to be just one thing. Take that society.
This hotel room door hanger is a necktie
This leaf imprint in the cement.
I was on an airplane about a year ago and got to see day and night at the same time!
My blueberry cereal made the milk blue
My local sports store has a black mannequin already in the handcuffed position.
The way this box of Cheerios (with heart shaped Cheerios inside) opened.
The way the reflection makes this pic look like a video.
This pop-up bus stop
A tiny swallow egg I found in an abandoned nest while cleaning out my barn. Regular egg for scale (Not been a bird in that nest for over a year)
This ATM that cupcakes come out of in Tampa, FL.
We printed a job at work today that has the “Distracted Boyfriend” couple
Opened up a paint can and it had a double lid
This McDonalds has a collection box where you can recycle old happy meal toys instead of sending them to the landfill.
The many ways of writing Hollandaise sauce in a pizza shop
This drop of water on my floor that looks like Australia
My laptop has a physical cover for the webcam
Had some batty company while getting my morning coffee
This 6-door Prius I saw in a Walmart parking lot.
Had a plague mask from a few years ago with the herbs in the beak and filtration. They said id never need you ol friend
A customer asked me if we only take cards
Made a community for all the photos of empty streets around the world rn. Creepy is an understatement.
Busses are free in Sweden because of Covid-19. To protect the drivers the front doors dont open, and that is also where you beep your buss card. So there is nowhere to beep your card anywhere now.
This pumpkin in my fridge
The video I’m going to watch play its own ads
This book I found at home that is older than the USA
The way this rock is shaped
My dad gave me a shirt from W-Germany
North American river otters are out and about already.
Local phone service provider edits their name on users phone to send a message during quarantine
My hotel in Spain has the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights by the bed instead of a bible
My flip-flop has a ridiculously long serial number
This tiny Bible I got at a salvos store. So small you need a magnifying glass to read it.
This weird egg my dad bought
I cracked an egg and the membrane is still intact
This loaf of bread claims to be "untouched by human hand"
A stand for bikers to hold on to while waiting for the traffic lights in Sweden.
This is a UV light used in hospitals to decontaminate rooms that were occupied by patients with particularly resistant bacteria or bugs
Swiss national TV is using a glass pane for their Talkshow due to Corona.
My dad's pine bonsai seedling looks like a tiny zombie hand.
This advertisement for the Netflix/BBC Dracula show
Drove through a double rainbow today. Saw two more rainbows afterwards.
Finding Waldo Coronavirus edition
This ice in the Lowe's I work at overnight
This building with a different picture taken each season
The size of these thornapples.
The size of this thornapples.
These cuffs shaped like a shamrock
The result of higher than normal rainfall (Vegas) on desert landscaping.
My dog in the shape of a rectangle.
While cleaning out my attic I found out that Bruce Willis also had an early music career.
My phone's lock screen since its St. Patrick's day
my earbud case is a ninja
Hit this milestone the other day. Went through a speed camera too fast about 5 minutes later because I was mildly distracted.
Guy uses VPN to see how CNN changes titles depending on their demographic. Europe VS America
Good to know my bread is safe from contracting COVID-19
Community for photos of all the empty streets around the world rn.
A bearer bond from the 1600s that's still paying interest
My phone updated and now has a Covid counter
Clawpocalypse.
Ku Klux Klan out on the streets during lockdown...
I peeled an orange without breaking the peel. And the peel spelled a “T”. I think the universe is trying to tell me I’m Terrific :DDDD
This selfie seemed very pedestrian until I zoomed in and saw a little face with outstretched arms.
Next up The Arent Trap where the twins decide it's not worth it to get their parents back together
In this park chess boards (out of stone) built in tables
My sister found a 4 leaf clover
Next up The Arent Trap where two twins decide it's not worth it to get their parents back together
This pepper in a bigger pepper
This slight spelling mistake may change the whole storyline
The bus I got on this morning had the front door closed and used seats belts to prevent passengers near the driver, due to the corona virus
Surface tension is sometimes funny to play with
The world’s new (temporary) longest flight is within the same country
Couple got four baskets of milk tonight
These statues in Japan
Full parking lot for a plaza like it’s daytime with everyhting closed at 2 am
This plant with leaves on leaves
This plant with leaves on leaves
Made the flag of Bulgaria on my Rubiks cube.
Put my book bag down to get out the car and it looked like it was trying read me a fortune cookie.
Bella Lugosi on the set of Dracula, 1931
An Indian state stamping home quarantined people with a ink that will last at least 14 days..
My husky has blue eyes but one is half brown
ahhhhhhhhh noice.
Dick’s customers obeying the social distancing rules in Seattle
I got a double peanut butter cracker
Dropped a dumbbell on my phone (which was in a case) , nothing shattered, it did bend though.
Hepta-core red onion
cloud outside looked like a massive mushroom cloud
One bad apple did not spoil the bunch
My friends banana had 2 bananas in it
A 1929 Caterpillar two ton tractor, from a time before the iconic black and gold logo/color scheme we're all familiar with today.
Broke my egg vertically instead of horizontally somehow
Empty Time's Square due to Corona. . .
My Bluetooth keyboard takes Nokia batteries.
Posted this on the wrong subreddit. A kind Redditor pointed me here.
This Oreo with a backwards end
This reusable floss pick to cut down on waste.
I can bend my middle toe independently
Courtesy of bing
About a year ago I went to my first hockey game and a puck came over the glass and I got to keep it
How mosquitos work
This handsfree soap dispenser, faucet and hand dryer all in one sink.
Best window for quarantaine time!
This old tree stump is looking rather turgid.
Growth in old deodorant stick...
My leaderboard score is equal to my last score, which is my high score.
The fence post at work after a freezing rain. (Falcon, Colorado)
This Canadian cent I found
What he invented again?
My cousin drew this (left)
My cousin drew this
Stripped building has its old bricks revealed
I think the front facing display at Sprouts is trying to tell us all something.... the other front facing display was all theirs calming CBD products!
Found a Japanese gunpla sd kit at a second hand shop in Lakeland. No instructions sadly.
This egg looks like a bean
After a nap today
These mud icicles that formed on this wheel
Someone had the job of "Head Of Potatoes" in this Gordon Ramsay cooking show
This grub I found while splitting wood.
the inside of a nerf gun laser.
Darth Maul appeared in my enchilada sauce after I finished eating.
Wrongly sealed chester's fries
Same size, make and model boots, 1 year wear and tear of working in a mine.
Faces of various apes and monkeys.
My friend has Frito playing cards
Vans logo is just the square root of an answer.
Currently at our local hospital for an ultrasound. This is the set up in the waiting area.
This Reddit sale. The bonus doesn’t make sense...99% bonus would be 39600 coins
this piece of plexiglass looks like the United States
Old man renovating painting of Goddess Chandeshwori
This person I saw with a backpack for their dog. Sorry for image quality, but I like how he's looking right at the camera.
Urine color chart above the toilet at my work
Our toilet paper supply at walmart
My friend made a discord server and it is somehow doing good
My garage door shadow at night looks like Siren Head
I was bored, so I started making a 3D Gyroid, but then I made him a friend and now they are on a date.
Empty streets of downtown Austin after shelter in place call. Downtown Austin, TX Monday, March 16th 12:23pm
Bruce Lee's mom came to my work
Doing my part
Carl Schulz 7x35 Binoculars with carrying case and info pamphlet I found in a closet
My candle started bubbling as it was burning.
My ketchup lid is happy to see me :)
Puddle I found at work resembling the very state I work in.
Closeup of my dogs wart
This Ikea item had a customer's receipt as one of the product pictures.
On my old phone the calendar has “go invent the automobile” before a certain date in the calendar
A Drive-Up ATM with marks from sideview mirrors getting too close
They used the same image but brighten it
This patch of grass looks like Australia
Ferb’s thumb seems to have been looked over!
This gas station glitching from corona virus
Just passed by this gas station and it’s prices were basically gone
Measuring cups designed to visually show the fractions they represent
broom stays u with 0 contact due to earth rotation
Ancient naruto runner
This vibing dog.
Yay yay hooray cake day sorry for delay on shite post for today
This was given in my bio class. Posting to help other artists with skin color.
My nail is a perfect circle
My nail is a perfect circle
Inside of the original Teddy Ruxpin.
This pistachio didnt have a crack
Dropped some deodorant behind the bed a few years ago...
This family video that was turned into a Dollar General in Kent,OH
The ingredients in this cheese
Heard a noise while walking my dog, looked up and these two turkeys were on my neighbor’s roof!
Cut into this Tomato and the seeds have already began to sprout
This perfectly white ceiling at my doctors office.
The tops and bottoms of these train seats are mismatched
What happen this time?
It was eerily quiet inside of The Mirage Casino this weekend due to the Coronavirus.
Police enforcing the one per person policy in my town
Put some hot sauce in my beer and it didn't dissolve
I bought "juicy citrus fruit"
My Cat's Nose Looks Like Africa
I take your stitched tomato and rase it to the pepper growing within a pepper
Warsaw by drone during quarantine. Some of the most crowded places in Polish capital nearly empty https://youtu.be/Jhq6PbVHdug
My icecube got a little too excited
I found a Swedish Fish in my Sour Patch Kids
my dog scratched an H onto my wrist
My dad found a 1890s brothel token in a dresser we bought.
How I start Lego sets
My employer is taking social distancing very seriously, and has arranged each table so only one person can sit there.
This side of the Oreo got put on backwards
The way the grass was covered in this field over the winter.
My sister made this basket out of individual tiny individual beads
My total cost at Walmart today
my wet curls
They sell now tamales at the supermarket.
The Taj Mahal has no lights which means night in darkness
This really tiny apple I found!
Here are the Chunky Soup flavours Canadians won't even buy as a last resort ... Jerk Chicken, BBQ Chipotle Burger, Butter Chicken. And of course Pea Soup and Potato Leek Soup. [:o)
My 15 min break at work today
some companies really do care (send me subreddits to post this in in the comments)
The 2020 Census is looking promising
Trying this again. I acquired this old can of Billy Beer from an antique store. It is from 1977 and still has beer in it.
Banana peel wet floor sign
And a special thanks to the ones who found shrooms
This heating vent melted all the snow around it, and an animal decided it was a nice place to build a winter nest
This baking sheet has been used so many times its actually warped
A do it yourself bike repair shop at my local park.
My fingernails have stripes where they temporarily stopped growing. One of the results of four rounds of chemotherapy.
Last week VS today at the hot springs pool due to COVID-19
Even in a pandemic, no one wants to buy oatmeal raisin cookies.
Someone put googly eyes on a Starbucks sign in Milwaukee
A frozen raw egg
This piece of bread has another piece of crust in it.....
This egg my dad found looks kinda like an eggplant
The 42nd Street platform on the NYC Subway's A line at 4:50 pm today
My Cheeto looks like it's pointing
Someone calculated this
This double Oreo, straight from packaging
Air bladder control panel for the medical boot I got after spraining my ankle.
Found this interesting bag of snacks at Food Lion today
Among the many things done to stop the spread of COVID-19, the cafeteria at work bagged up the salad bar
this flier was handed out at work yesterday
Ita fence I found looks like a horse
This slimy mushroom I found on r/mushroomporn
at walmart they have a guide to see if your tv will fit
Downtown Austin, TX Monday, March 16th 12:23pm
My shower curtain pattern looks like Coronavirus
The banana comes with a pancake recipe. Never noticed.
Egg with "nipple"
A green bell pepper inside a green bell pepper
One of the everything rolls doesn’t have everything on it.
This bottle of lemonade with a sunken top.
Found this cool sticker collecting dust in an unused locker at work.
This inconvenient label on this Caribou Coffee cup, given the current circumstances.
This hotel product says what it is, and what it's doing.
The church next door to me has a face and I can’t unsee it
The number of cases of corona is QLD, Australia. Yes slightly ashamed I find this funny...
There is a second smaller cap inside the cap of a Sharpie pen.
This flat Taki
This emergency toilet paper roll I got as a gift
I’ve never seen a subreddit with this many users and such a large percentage online at the same time.
This one can without a label in the case I was stocking
Disinfectant sprayed on a chair over spring break at my school.
Everyone is fighting for bread in the stores while subway is just tossing theirs away in the trash.
Laser through calcite crystal
Today I found out my "live" wallpaper has st. Patrick's Day special.
Upside down billboard
Extreme close up of an ant I took with my microscope (the circle is its eye)
Water in my ice tray froze like this over night. Anyone know why or how?
Light mist on a fresh coat of wax
I’m the last one at 24/7, 32291sqf Fitness Centre, which is about to close, because of Corona
This dime that I just pulled out of the washing machine is worn almost completely smooth and flat.
Left is a pistol, is the right a ruger?!
There's a moat around my orange's butthole
Wife and I got the same fortune in our fortune cookies...
The ketchup looks like a little cabin being moonlit
This laundry detergent had a disclaimer telling one not use it as bathing soap.
This potato sprouted through it's basket
There Is An Old Pumpkin Behind One of the Bushes In front of My House My Family Wasn't Able To Smash
Local UNO’s Grill closed down recently. Someone replaced the sign with the Bat Signal.
Measuring spices for dinner with a plastic spoon + static from wiping the spoon on my sweater first
Cool quarter I got, is it worth anything by chance?
They way my candle was melting.
The Starbucks today in AZ
Found this banana peel shaped wet floor sign at Lowe’s Foods
The alignment of these two unlockables that came out of my Overwatch loot box.
Walmart is streaming Simulation Football League games in lieu of actual sports
This tiny 2 egg carton that came with my meal kit
I Took this Photo in Grenchen, Switzerland 9:00 PM (Not Photoshopped). It Looks like a Huge Star to me, it’s not the Moon. Could this be the Dwarf Planet Ceres? Or a Meteor? I dont know, but it stays in the same Position.
This is a photo of piece of celery under a microscope that I took In my biology class.
My daughter and I both have blue left eyes and green right eyes. Although she has a patch of green on the bottom of her blue eye.
This Donald Trump Chocolate Bar
I found an M&amp;M micro in my M&amp;M minis.
The way the wax melted on this three-wick candle, allowing one to see the wicks below the surface.
This odd contraption attached to some of the street lamps in my neighborhood.
Kitten thinks blanket is mom.
Waiting room chairs removed and spread out for social distancing
I got a mega banana chip
My grocery store has the option to scan all your product before you even get to the self-checkout.
This bleach looks like a goose
This spider web I just saw lit up by the sun. Was connected to two trees at least 8ft apart
An outlet on the wall, almost 15 feet high off the ground.
The diner near my house has old red robin tables
American Gothic art installation, now has the farmer with a surgical mask.
This really large egg one of my hens laid
This structure made with a whole deck of cards who supports 16 pounds which is about 7,27 kilos
Even my radio wants me to wash my hands.
Can all bathroom signs look like this from now on?
This cereal has hearts
This clock folded looks like a robot.
All the plastic panels on this Canadair Regional Jet CRJ-700 are corroded due to peoples head sweat and junk.
This snail in my aquarium got turned purple by my lights
This reusable mask my mom made for me
My fingerprints fried into this piece of chicken.
This solitary grape I saw at a gas pump
My mom made packets of "pre-coronavirus" cash from her emergency stash so she could give exact change and not have to touch infected money/card machines
This energy drink can has a resealable tab.
Here are some toilet paper alternatives to get you through these hard times.
This sign at a beach in Rio
Hand soap or dish soap?
I found this huge water bottle on top of my school's roof
This Starbucks is protecting straws from customer hands so they stay clean
The grocery store I was at had a display of the Holy Grail in the produce section
Barbecue Flavour Clump
The unusually long stem on this apple
I unwrapped a cornetto that had another cornetto inside...
My special needs son got this in his home study packet for the COVID-19 break - check out 4.
Total amount of cases of coronavirus and growing
This (almost) symmetrical pattern that a big dug out on a piece of maple wood
I was eating Sour Patch Kids and found a... Swedish Patch Fish??
A visual representation of my depression.
The way this Minecraft world corrupted when the power went out
This stain on my espresso machine looks like Jason Voorhees.
How ice/slush has formed on my lemonade after being kept in the back of the fridge.
Onion growing outside of skin
One of my waffle fries from chick-fil-a was incomplete.
This sculptural carrot.
Amidst corona virus, governments are pulling a fast one on the public by infringing on our privacy even further. We can’t allow them to get away with things like this. Please spread awareness
This hot dog bun
The internals of this pen with a built in light.
Finch in my window bird feeder
Rick and morty sauce
Evolution of the Coca Cola bottle
There's been a bag of Miracle Grow in my mom's cabinet for years now. Today she pulled it out and discovered that this had happened.
Gas station bathroom TP theft sign
I built a paper AK-47
My office’s attempt to contain the virus (hand scanner)
This dollar looks like it has Chinese on the top of it
This palm-sized strawberry.
My bus ticket printed for a future time frame
This building in Chicago depicting a giant “You are here” map
Ants pile on blades of grass to survive flood
Watercolor accidentally looked like a bear
Two welded bananas
An old newspaper from 1973 that I found in my Grandfather's things
This paint chipping on a guardrail at my job looms suprisingly a lot like africa
This Lego Charmander
This is the enchantment table language
My towns way of putting their perspective on what’s happening because of the virus.
This quality seal for free-range eggs
Tons of icicles that formed on the bottom of a shopping cart
Rachel Maddow ignoring x and y axis scale. Above: Rachel’s graph, below my shitty attempt at an overlay... but you get the point.
Pub's wet floor sign is a banana peel
This heart shaped spot of fur on my cat
A lot of Batman cars
Light angle makes it look like my hand glows
Playstation puts the same symbols on their screws as they do with their controllers.
This cup is full. It's the exact same color as the orange juice in it
My late grandfather’s zippo lighter. They found it when they were cleaning out his house; my mother gave it to me, remembering my zippo phase. It was a warm and welcome surprise. RIP, King Bobby.
This heart shaped spot of fur on my cat
This shark made of shark’s teeth
Came home to my water bottle like this
Two bananas in one peel
This siamese strawberry
vintage car - modern video game
This paper towel the previous house owners left us
We were inspired by the monuments of the most famous cities around the world to create a collection of micro detailed rings
Doctor gave me a full examination before coming back with this on to test me for COVID-19.
The hood of my van looks like Chuck Norris potato sacked it.
A swedish store put cheese doodles in the empty shelves instead of keeping them empty. In this case, spaghetti!
The middle of this apple.
My weight tracking kinda looks like the stock market right now.
Opened my tangerine only to find she had a baby on board
Bicycle made into a makeshift motorbike
Nobody knows how he did it but my son ended up with a piece of crepe on his shoulder.
These knobs are out of sync..
This Lipton Iced Tea from the 90s
In line for drive-thru Corona virus testing (requires doctor's order)
They shut off the gambling machines to stop spreading the virus via the buttons.
Duck eggs and nest on a abandoned bike. - Sheffield uk
The size of my slippers is in millimeters
Who you gonna call?
What happens to bread when left outside for months
They forgot to put Green Lantern's ring on his finger.
You’re gonna need a gun to protect your toilet paper.
This odd reflection when I shine a light on my poster (can someone explain what it is?)
Nobody: My friends on their status:
Store was all sold out of hand soap, but my mom saved the day with this bottle that’s nearly as old as me
My stepdad got paid with this today, there was a "JESUS IS LORD" stamp in the other side too.
The three dog heads or one big lion head in this splattering of bird poop on my windshield.
both are the same hand sanitizer but one doesn’t have any air bubbles
Patch of snow that is the shape of the UK
My cat's fur comes off as art
The water left on my table looks like a hand
My bank rick-rolled me
I have one of Sylvain Turgeon's (player for the Hartford whalers) stick blades
We palletized all the foodcourt tables in Costco last night. Food is to go only until further notice.
This old polaroid found in a wooden box at a thrift shop (Long Island, NY)
My search for toilet paper over the weekend netted zero results. Then I found this!!
My bathroom used to be a room with a fire place and they didn’t cover it all up so all there is are bricks and a paper plate
As if it wasn't hard enough already to tear off neatly...
My stapler looks like it has a face
A lock that I ordered came with a bag of candy
Found this in my mini wheats
We order sauce cup lids by the thousands at my job, and this one lid in the middle of a pack wasn't embossed
Gelatinous soup base
This tag in the pants my son just bought from the Goodwill.
This was Taco Bell today around noon. They said I was their 5th customer.
My unopened can of Billy Beer. President Jimmy Carter’s brother Billy released this beer back in 1977. It still has beer in it! Who dares me to crack it open and take a swig of the delicious suds inside?
My hostel has a bed for charging your mobile.
Norwegian university deems the US to be poorly delevoped and urges students to come home during corona virus outbreak
There's a giant horse/cock hanging from the ceiling of the restaurant I'm in
This rotating dump truck
Talking Paprika Tin Tells the Temperature
The way bus drivers are being protected in Czech Republic
The previous owners of our house built a fully functional house for kids underneath the basement staircase
This tiny strawberry
What happen this time?
My child just pulled the animal cracker of all animal crackers out of the bag!
Tree struck by lightning that is now blooming (oc)
This number 4 I wrote.
TX, USA whole suckling pig for sale at the grocery
The picture shows how relationships between people have been affected by the recent CoVid-19 emergency in Italy. The two girls can't get closer to each other due to security measures, but nonetheless they interact and do their best to be together and socialize. Something for future history books.
This small pit in my avocado
Straight out of the hen. (no dying required)
They bought all the wipes but not dude wipes
this long egg I came across a few months ago
This cigarette voting box
Wing stop has standards for what a well cooked wing and tender look like, as shown by this chart.
This plant looks like a butt
Tables at a local coffee shop have Ethernet sockets
In Texas we respectfully wait to enter grocery stores.
These dripping mushrooms that grew at my cottage
This is a sin against god
Surpassed 100 URLs? Earn a smiley face
My dad found a Fine Gael election poster washed ashore on Walney Island beach (England) all the way from Dublin
How you know you work with a Juggalo.
DIY tool for grabbing things instead of using your hands
This folded pringle in my can
Somehow my tea became "magical"
E key so worn it looks like an F key
Even the filters for the Britas are all sold out at Walmart
This gum I chewed looks like a deer,cow, or whatever you think it is
My new gym has a mouth wash dispensary
This old tree looks like an evil spirit laughing maniacally
My friend and his dog have matching goatees.
Someone put googly eyes on a rock on a sign
I was in Chicago yesterday and they quarantined the bean.
A trench from WW1
None of the water my cat spilled went over the edge
This Costco gas station shows you which pumps are available
My friend got 1 and a half magnums in their pack
My smiley fry looks like it has rosy cheeks
Accidentally left my pen in the washing machine
This x upside down looks like a sad face
I work at a supermarket and was working delivery when I came across a ready meal package that had messed up printing. Looks damaged but it’s just the image being overlayed too many times. (Above is regular packaging)
this popcorn looks kinda like a brain
How perfect this egg is
Graffity in my town
This very small Ford badge
I found this 7-up cake at a grocery store.
Always can turn to the group chat
Found an extra half starburst(It's cherry)
The overhead compartments on my airplane had small mirrors to help check for remaining luggage.
This bagel has a smile in the middle
A squirrel ate a pinecone on my picnic table and shit out a painting of a tree
The overheard compartments on my airplane had small mirrors to help check for remaining luggage.
They took the furniture out of Starbucks so people won’t gather here
My hot sauce has a ‘beer bottle’ cap, as well as a plastic screw on cap.
Birdies in a bag
Someone flew a "Stayhome" route over Vienna today.
When you have 100 or more tabs open in Chrome mobile, you get a smiley
This shiny xerneas and yveltal on my Pokémon card box
These balconies
A typo on a Water Meter
Great clips didn’t get the memo... March madness is cancelled
The way Hallmark slightly inflates the plastic bags their bows come in, as not to smash them.
Great clips didn’t get the memo... March madness is cancelled
The way homework slightly inflates these plastic bags, as not to smash their bows
My clementine has a sticker with a crow on it.
All the people look the same in this server
Banana tree.
Painted over lizard/gecko in the doorframe!
A room in my house has a grate in the floor that goes to the basement
Giant doritos block
Scenery of the Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong. Taken from Mount High West, Hong Kong Island.
This drawer handle looks like shrek.
Dismantling the old water tower in our little town
This giant penny from 1965 I found while helping my grandma clean her house (with a regular penny for scale)
Cast of a Celtic skull carving
This long Grapes
There’s an evil koala on my fabric.
I found an M&amp;M Micro in my M&amp;M Minis.
This frozen chicken looks like a shrimp
This poorly-designed logo for “Analog”
My wife pointed out that my shadow looked like Darth Vader
Garry's Mod menus are HTML files. Meaning they can be opened in your browser.
This spinach was packaged under the label.
The boutique down the street has that good good
This single blade of grass that pushed its way through the asphalt.
The cloud looks like a mushroom clowd
fries that are fused together
My icecream has an edible handle
This wheel of presidential facts that was apparently made between 1961 and 1963.
The inside of my grandpa’s pocket watch.
My noodle seasoning sachet included mini red pandas!
Popular Google keywords that include "coronavirus", check second and fourth)
Captcha on lichess is a chess move
My bus didn't have enough change so issued me this instead.
I ate one half of my cereal and the other half stayed up.
This fish shaped chicken nugget I got
Two clouds coliding in a valley
This elevator at a Bruneian University as COVID-19 spreads
Found a pasta penne inside of the macaroni package.
This heart shaped kiwi I found hidden under the regular kiwi
Happy potato slice says, “Hi!”
This backwards clock at the post office
2 bananas in 1 peel/skin
My neighbors fence still has the company placard attached from who installed it. It’s so old the phone number doesn’t include the area code.
This perfectly round peanut m&amp;m
This bottle-shaped ketchup packet for dipping or squeezing
My tomato got a cut while growing and stitched itself back together
My grandpa’s pocket watch opens on both sides
Times Square eerily empty this morning at 8am
The Employee's at the hotel I'm staying at spelled out "Goodmorning" with towels.
Water container and soap, captured in the streets of Al Hoceima, Morocco. Stay safe.
This was captured in Al Hoceima, Morocco.
The way this candle burned down
This creepy "Use Me" dustbin that makes me feel weird using it.
I mean... they aren’t wrong
This creepy dustbin that makes feel bad about using him. :(
As of 1:00 AM this morning, this is a tight snapshot of all the cruise ships just sitting offshore
This ink cartridge’s shadow
This perfect snowflake on my bike seat
Atlanta airport today
Atlanta Airport this morning
Instagram influencer wishing Corona on a waitress (From Australia). The worst.
1 months difference in NYC Times Square because of COVID 19
Instagram influencer wishing Corona on a waitress (From Australia). The worst.
Cantalope sold at local grocery comes with a free strawberry!
We all live in a...
The things that the local supermarket gave us for free for self quarantine in Kuwait.
I bought a book of ebay, illegally?
A group of six mini wheats still connected
Someone locked up the toilet paper in this public restroom
I changed the car air filter today 16 March 2020 and 184,000km (owned car two weeks)
Large line in front of a coffeeshop in Amsterdam. People are stocking up on weed weed before stores close for 3 weeks due to COVID19
How much pigeons love this roof.
This stain on the sidewalk looks like an arm
A small frog got caught in the new sidewalk they put in.
A tearing with dirt marks on this vinyl tile does reassembles a dissatisfied (side view) face of some sort
Umbrellas with locks system
Triplet and twin bananas..
Umbrellas with locks system
What happen this time?
This dead leaf looks like a mouse!
This dead leaf looks like a mouse!
Never seen this before in peppers
I did something to my scissors and they are very cursed now
Deformed M&amp;M
Anti theft mechanism
A closeup of a spider I took a few months ago in Linz
White blood cells attacking a parasite.
I’m making my 2080ti available for protein folding to aid Corona Virus research.
This large patch of mold on a window pane looks like the map of a fantasy world.
My egg didnt have any yolk in it.
Rummaged through my dad’s old LPs. Came across the most epic cover artwork ever.
The clasp of my laptop bag after two years of use
Using toothpicks to avoid touching the elevator buttons
This shirt in Goodwill me and my family found
my dad playing with German Shepherd with German Shepherd on t-shirt
The safest person in the world today
I didn't even notice this when I purchased this brush.
This egg I cooked today
This egg I cooked today
This big roll of Toilet Paper
This alcohol bottle fits exactly into this car compartment
Laser keyboard
All the sheet masks that I photographed for a series on.....sheet masks!
This site downright reposted my post on some weird site.
At a hospital in Helsinki so my wife can get a blood test and there's a display case here with all kinds of old medical stuff in it.
Can't make this up: My calendar picture for March
They made space to fit the gate by cutting the tree
This way of preventing speeding
This way of preventing speeding
Beautiful frost on someone's car this morning!
A rather large strawberry!!
Smart glove converts sigh language to audio from r/damnthatsinteresting
Stress on Pressure Pipe Clamp at 825F
Archive in the Prague castle, 1950.
My goldfish getting his ass eaten
CDC throwin a party... or a hand sanitizer spray down
This tiny bug got its leg tangled in a feather.
Filling my tank came out to $24.99
carr(H)OT DOG
Is it interesting? I’ve never seen this before bubbles in wine bottle make a heart
Inside of a 120volt AC LED Nightlight
I put my empty jam jar through the dishwasher and the colors inverted
WU-TANG ALWAYS KNEW
Times Square at 6pm on 15-3-2020
My sisters car and these flowers
Las Vegas Social Slot Skipping
First thoughts when reading please say I’m bouta end this relationship ?
The last bit of orange juice, just enough to fill the entire glass
This medication doesn't expire for roughly 180 thousand years
This spot of oil refracting light in this pot of water.
i made anakin skywalker at gacha life lol im planning to make obi-wan and others like mace windu and darth vader if im done with those i will post it here
I moved an old kitchen cabinet and found the Sunday comics from September 21, 1975. Amazing condition considering the location and 45 years have gone by.
This stereo reel to reel recorder my mom saved from the local dump.
Absolute medieval mad lad
Hmm
I moved an old kitchen cabinet and found the Sunday comics from September 21, 1975. Amazing condition considering the location and 45 years have gone by.
I moved an old kitchen cabinet and found the Sunday comics from September 21, 1975. Amazing condition considering the location and 45 years have gone by.
I moved an old kitchen cabinet and found the Sunday comics from September 21, 1975. Amazing condition considering the location and 45 years have gone by.
Penis lake I found a few months ago near Yellowstone
My kiwi fruit look like testicles
This pattern when applying finish to a table
This dormitory at Brandeis university.
Here’s a quick time lapse of a tablet of ibuprofen breaking down— for my chemistry class.
My dash did a thing; Will Arnett dressing as Todd Chavez on r/Bojackhorseman looking good in red and yellow.
Someone came to visit our neighborhood.
A simple plastic tag allows me identify my toothbrush from others. I have stopped the guess work which used to be my routine every morning, annoying my wife and kids !!!!
Pringles in a bag
Found a Jojo quote (I think?) at a supermarket
Amidst the pandemic, I went to a restaurant that had these on the bathroom doors. Made me go "huh..nice."
For those cold nights in New Zealand
This gym I chewed looks like a deer
The largest single piece of spinach...
Shark tooth I found while diving
My hometown puts quotes into our sidewalks
The actual Memory Lane
My hometown puts quotes into our sidewalks
My hometown puts quotes into our sidewalks
A hairless chimp.
A Trump hotel crumbles under a Thanos-generated tidal wave in the Infinity Gauntlet comic
Didn't think the cabin pressure was that bad until I looked over at my water bottle while descending.
Since we're posting Moss Covered shoes...I found this one last year walking home.
These two mantises (mantisi?) boning
Someone got a chair on the roof of my school gym. (It's about 3 stories tall)
This pipe is so old it says “Made in PRC (People’s Republic of China)”.
My uncle made me a shrimp
Denver airport playing up to the wild conspiracy theories
Size of an F-18 arresting hook
My artist neighbor makes sculptures and puts them in weird places. Yesterday, this one spooked my dogs.
These Bandai Namco PS4 games, in both English and French on the boxes.
This parking garage in Reno has classic cars on the side of it
Remnants of an old posterboard on a brick wall
The lights in the elevator in my building
What happens when you leave thinking putty on a flat surface.
This small apple
My beef jerkey came with a flosser
My beef jersey came with a flosser inside
Biases feeding into the COVID-19 hysteria
I have a neighbor that makes birdhouses sculptures every Spring. This is the 2020 birdhouse.
From the War Remnants Museum. Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
The marshmallows in my hot chocolate moved into a perfect smiley face (i realized this right before I was about to eat another marshmallow).
This cup shows my drinks
Charging the phone from a mouse
The wires' shadows interwine but the actual wires don't
This metallic blue wasp
Check this chip out it has flavor crystals
[OC] Floating Ribs in the sky
This plant growing from my shoe
Thos clearly marked eraser
This tree bark looks like angry little fish.
[NSFW] This cocaine ashtray a glass blower in San Diego made for me. Complete with razor blade!
This frosted flake that got trapped in the seal.
This giraffe made of legos
My bread was packaged sideways
This sign being eaten by a tree.
This book that I bought off Amazon that was printed the same day
I was stacking some clothes I moved some shorts and the socks stayed in place
I see SOMEONE still has a sense of humor at my local Target's toilet paper aisle
I got a NationalDebt fortune in an otherwise normal looking fortune cookie
These ramen noodles are bowl shaped
This carrot took it's little jacket off
This can of soda somehow got depressurized even though there are no leaks
These double packed fortune cookies
Chocolate bars I made at my job at a chocolate factory.
I found a copper dime
This emoji advertisement put face masks on the emojis to help promote coronavirus safety
Someone posted the new Pong Arcade game and was curious the inside...well here it is
This Gnarly Mask (Hawaii 1993)
This McDonald's has a turquoise sign
Sign at my local store
Here is the world’s tallest building. In Dubai, Burj Khalifa is 828 meters tall, next to the Dubai Mall which is also the largest mall in the world! Incredible looking place to visit!
Batman throwing knives I found in my sisters closet
They changed the floor panel on the Elevator every day
Get into tha choppa!
I found your contact lens (yes, it was dark, and yes, it’s stuck to the mirror)
This pizza place has Ninja Turtle themed calzones
Several top steam games have reached an all-time peak in the past 24 hours.
This print left by an owl on my gf's window
Democratic Debate through Ray Bans
The way maintenance team decorated their door
My dad found basil that was bagged in 2001 while de-icing our old freezer.
Found a weird shrine thing while walking in my neighborhood
Retro arcade stall set up in my local shopping centre.
Cocktails are made of love
This creepy jar of mystery sitting nicely on a rock I found deep in the forest.
Had ourselves a light-hearted little quarantine party. (Realized afterwards that I drew the ears inside the face)
A chicken jumped into my car
There's a bald sad man in my chicken
Meanwhile in Wisconsin...
This incense and how it’s slowly burning down to ash
Found a massive rock on the beach that I believe had some other rocks come out of it.
An old phone booth that I found in Alabama, USA. There are only about 100,000 phone booths still in usage in America.
Bought an egg carton of weirdly big eggs, so far, 4 out of 12 had double yolk
This ashtray a glass blower made me
This urinal made out of a beer keg
Since we're posting dragonflies, here's a beautiful one I found in China last year
(OC) Cheeky post along the cliff walk of Newport, RI.
Since this blew up in /wtf ,and I was told it would fit better here!
109 item receipt from panic-shopping
The crossing lights in my country can be prolonged using the bus card(s) of the elderly(above 65)
My tree is slowly being cut in half, because the previous owners never took off the cable supporting it.
My Jammie Dodger doesn't line up properly.
I think the lettuce that I bought at my local Winco was supposed to go to Coachella. It's looking disappointed in it's new destination.
Today at Graceland Cemetery. Statue of 'Inez'. Daughter of J.N. &amp; M.C. Clarke. Born Sept. 20, 1873, Died Aug. 1, 1880.
The angle of my photo makes it looks like the crane in a part of the church
I was the only passenger on my flight today.
Lights off. Glow on.
The way my water spilt in art class looks a lot like a ghost.
This little street in Derbyshire has two names
Toilet paper section at our local grocery store.
My grandparents watch Fox News so much that the banner is literally burned into the screen.
Found this in my gum pack
These expiration dates
A slab of concrete fell off my apartment today
can someone explain why my pool froze into a bunch of icicles?
My fortune cookie had another fortune cookie in it
My Avo has a dick and balls
Many people don’t know this, but there are swamps incredibly close to manhattan, this is actually close to the Statue of Liberty
This pissed up Mickey in my shirt (Mickey putasso/bolado)
The memorial for the late Leicester City Football Club owner that died in a helicopter crash at the stadium
This stump looks like a human heart (to me)
My friend found this at a local Hispanic store.
NYC From ferry.
This Thor wood carving at Walt Disney World
Found this behind my basement drywall.
My PE teacher’s google classroom profile pic is Ryan Reynolds
A Geocache that my Wife and friends came across today in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
I got a gummy crocodile that was all base marshmallow fluff
the surface tension of my coffee
Had this container for quite a while, was reading it today and noticed something
My PE teacher’s profile pic for google classroom is Ryan Reynolds
This pirate ship
I’m a truck driver and have been hauling a disproportionate amount of paper products lately. There is no shortage, plz stop hoarding.
This massive pole disguised as a tree
Naturally spawned in Minecraft
This place we ate at had a chicken and her chicks
This creamery had a mini plunger in the bathroom
My plant opening a new frond on it’s first rainy day outside after all winter!
The lid from this laundry detergent fits nicely onto a 1qt mason jar. I was getting the last drops out of a bunch of bottles.
This strange patch of color in the sky.
This calendar is valid for 40 years.
This “Corona Light” Light
Consecutive prints of $20 bills
Picture of flower in Portugal despite almost no visibility because of fog
The way water and remaining MCT oil separated after coffee.
The pages in this book are folded to spell “Read”.
(Forgot to post this a while ago) the sustain pedal on this 50 year old piano wore out after being used everyday
The pages in this book are folded to spell “read”
The back of this Uber
Bubbles in coke, in a very orderly fashion.
This bloodstain on my shirt looks like a quarter note symbol
The way the snow melted off my car.
The fear of long words is a long word
Look at your zipper right now. Chances are, it's made by YKK.
these spring flowers leaning in to soak up some sun
This pie shaped piece of wood that someone left in the woods
Norwegian uni warns citizens of staying in a country with poor healthcare..
Found a deflated mint oil capsule case between my mint oil capsules.
Bacon band aids
The difference a thousand bucks makes when it comes to tattoos.
When the olive-stuffer has one martini too many
The campaign ad Twitter paid for is over. Current advertisers didn’t pay for all the space so they just flipped twitter over on spaces not paid.
This water droplet being held by this succulent
A perfectly circular curly fry, compared to almost every other fry in my serving
The time I threw my playstation controller at a wall due to a fit of rage which made 2 circle shaped dents.
I filled the troop capacity in risk
When olive-stuffers have one martini too many
Times Square on 3-15-2020
Bike thief is undressed and released to walk home after being caught stealing, Riga, 2020
Bubbles formed by a brush after dying hair
Some water got in this bulb and it formed an ecosistem
This bar of soap that implies you've been a dirty girl
My great grandmother in law's 1986 Nissan Maxima. It looks almost like it just came off the lot, it runs like a champ, and only 88,000 miles on a 34 year old car.
Feather caught in a dead vine. Something beautiful about it.
A tree making a heart
This gift box I bought at christmas but haven't used yet
These double-sticked popsicles
The grass in my yard is growing in circles
Dill pickle flavored peanuts
This guitar made entirely out of matchsticks.
This nuclear stain on my attic wall
E=mc2 in a picture
these clouds look like the ocean
4 for 4 on double yolks
This bridge looks like it is barely held together
My dessert looks happy to see me.
Chin spots run in this floofy family and a penchant for belly rubs.
Harrison found this on our walk in the park. He didn't seem that interested in the ground. I wonder if it has any significance.
The Home Depot don’t even got masks!!😷
They sell wooden postcards at the Tower of London.
A picture of my cats ear on the sunlight
My dad was sifting through some old cards and found one with the Menendez brothers in the background
My friend is painting a picture for every day she is out of school.
A glass prism.
This energy drink can stand on its rib
Anyone else eat chips with chopsticks?
i’m not sure if i’m doing this right...
This poker guide that came with a deck of cards I just bought
Jojo rabbit actors look like Simon Pegg and Nick Frost
Took a bite out of a piece of Swiss cheese and a fish appeared!
Fish are friends not food...
My dad and his cat writing a letter
A misstruck penny i found while going through my jar of change.
1969 (pieces) Apollo 11 Saturn V
I found my old deodorant bottle on top of my closet and it expired back in 2001. Now I don't know whether to throw it in trash or give it to a museum.
This skunk cabbage flower looks like the corona virus.
Slab of meat has a map of the eastern hemisphere
found a circle Mike and Ike in my movie theater snacks
found a circle Mike and Ike in my movie theater snacks
The snow on this van
This R2D2 looking building in Iowa
This Soviet pretzel
Puerta del Sol in Madrid, Spain. More than 7.000 people pass through here each hour of the day, everyday. Today, this is what it looks like. The only people you can see there are from the Military Emergencies Unit and the police.
This perfectly imprinted Bobby pin stain on my floor
Conspiracy or ad hoc ergo propter hoc?
This perfectly spherical M&amp;M.
This helpful hand washing sign at my job
This abandoned shoe I found deep in the forest
A surprised kiwi
Complete lockdown of all public buildings in Montreal yet the shelves are still full
Someone covered the remaining 7¢ they owed with a 25 cent coin from the Dutch Antilles.
This will only interest Londoners
From kitties with love.
I turned on my phone to see this. Can’t say I’m not disappointed
A picture of a leaf bug I took with my iPhone 5s a couple years ago
This 2001 newspaper article with a CueCat barcode
Found an old cookbook in a thrift store where Andy Warhol was the illustrator. (1961)
How sane people conduct themselves 3:30pm on 3/15/2020
The dragon/legless dog cloud in Barcelona
This Offer Is Viral
The way ice cubes freeze in my freezer.
[OC] New Building in my city inserting the last piece.
Your Reddit profile picture, and banner can both be animated. (details in comments)
[OC] New Building in my city inserting the last piece.
The way this cornflour became sad when I spilt it.
[OC] New Building in my city inserting the last piece.
[OC] New Bulding in my city inserting the last piece.
Fun with words...
Your Reddit profile picture, and banner can both be animated. (details in comments)
Little spheres of coffee get shot out of the stirrer and slide across the surface of the coffee.
The surprisingly disorganized evacuation routes of passengers during the Miracle on the Hudson (NTSB Data)
This bike lock spells words.
This bike lock spells words.
The alphabet, spelled phonetically, arranged alphabetically
Paper Rolls!
Last night’s sunset looked like a nuclear detonation.
One of my chickens laid a flexiEgg
This old menu at my favorite restaurant has insanely low prices.
People are panicking and getting water, but not the expensive waters core and smart water.
Some of my noodles didn't get cut
My crisps packet printed with no colour
My eggs from the grocery store came with a chicken feather.
This guy has the belt buckle on his back
picture of a housefly I took with my microscope
My 14 yr old kid just sat down and solved this puzzle. One try. I had it next to my bed for a year.
Found some old film cameras at my grandfather's place. The one on the left still has film in it!
Last shopping before the cannabis dispensaries close due to Corona in the Netherlands
Close up blurry image of an ant saluting a bread crumb.
The way melting snow from the roof made this little valley
The top bar of the ui on my iPhone turned sideways when I had it in portrait mode
This ice cube in a shape of a boat
The way this snow melted into a little valley under the roof
Water Dripping from a tree is digging a hole into this rock
Large Longhorn Beetle, Austin, Tx.
One of my bananas is smiling
Took a picture of the pool before heading back to reality and the clouds perfectly aligned with a shadow
So, the shelves are clean, but at least we have chicken paws
Kinda proud of the zoom on my phone cam.
The way the snow is melting off my deck.
I visited someone who still had (t)his Commodore PET!
There is a mirror behind the toilet in my grandparent’s bathroom.
A dead wasp hive
My grandma and grandpas golf ball shaped soap!
This little noose I found in my garage
You can steep this tea either in tepid water or superheated steam
My local Starbucks has wisely gone to carry-out only due to Coronavirus
What happen this time?
The random pricing structure and decimal places on this menu.
Tonight's lockdown in the Netherlands was announced 40 mins in advance. People collectively started hoarding weed. This was the queue at my local hasj-bar at 17.55 PM
My reusable straw slipped through the utensil basket, and the dishwasher melted it closed
cityscape in a tree stump
Norway on US healthcare
I bought a old farm house, its came with a old brass milk pitcher with a picture of the house painted on it. (The house as it was at the time)
This photo i took
Some spooky latte art I made.
I ran out of cream and decided to ice the rest of this pound cake, but some of it poured out through the middle
Found on the back of a bottle of disinfectant cleaner.
This wood screw apparently didn’t get threaded completely
What happened to my homemade smoothie after 2 hours because I forgot about it.
This is the look you get when you sniff and accidentally touch your nose at a grocery store.
Found Clippy's less-famous brother Springy [OC]
My bacon looks like Easter Island Statues
The original version of the chicken from Moana versus the version used in movies; art found on books where I work
The original version of the chicken from Moana versus the version used in movies; art found on books where I work
The snow rolled up on my windshield yesterday
What he invented again?
My old phone cracked i like it cracked
This old receipt I dug up
This chello like symmetrical leaf I found, which I think just grew this way? (no other leafs like it around)
My daughter's face totally looks poorly photoshopped into the bubbles
A boomerang fry
I was trying to take a picture of a helicopter taking off and accidentally made a movie poster
Lunch is ramen with bone broth
How my cat sits. She does this all the time.
Target changed its weekly ad following the cancellation of the March Madness basketball tournament.
Reusable ice cubes
This USB which can go into the port both ways
Going the extra mile. These are the precautions the food industry needs to be taking right now.
These two videos are exactly the same length
My grocery store restocked the shelves with corned beef after all the other meats were bought out.
This local gas station has a miniature statue of liberty posted on it's roof.
Ginger ale recipe found in a newspaper from 1821.
Thin film interference turned my coffee spoon rainbow.
The queue in front of a coffeeshop in the Netherlands at 17.50, after the Dutch government announced 20 minutes in advance that all horeca, coffeeshops and sexshops had to close at 18.00 today
My lucky Luxembourgish franc from 1984
Ate at a restaurant that accepts cryptocurrency. You can transfer tiny fractions of crypto to the restaurant's wallet via Coinbase. First for me.
A cloud over clouds
Nationwide Lines in front of dutch coffeeshops after this evenings lockdown anouncement in the Netherlands
This arrangement I made from my dad’s tennis rackets.
Cooked a bag of pre-washed kale and found a grasshopper in the bottom of the pot
Tree cutters left a section of branch on a power line that it had grown around
The two different brake lights on this school bus
The perfection of this refill 3x from my server at crackle barrel !!! No over flow each time . I’m amazed lol . She getting a good tip .
The two different brake lights on this school bus
This sideways kitkat cookie
One of my Oreo cookies was assembled backwards.
The side of this wall looks like a Robot.
He watches your keys,nice little guy.
This penguin cracker is a CHONK
Found in Barcelona, and learned that Tweety was adopted as a symbol for Catalonian independance.
Deity looking cool as hell
Every single kernel popped in this bag of popcorn.
My Caprisun came with 4.5 straws
Our Uber today amidst the Covid-19 outbreak
The dock was wet at work the other night. So I made donut tiddies with my forklift
This can of bacon
I was sharpening swords for cutting practice, and was slicing paper towel to test the edge. One of the cut strips looks exactly like a European longsword crossguard (quillons)
Today I learned how a 14 year old boy defeated some tall dude
ISIS has issued a coronavirus advisory to its terrorists through its weekly newsletter
From toilet paper to rolling paper. From 6pm today until April the 6th every restaurant/bar in the Netherlands is closed due to Covid-19. Which includes 'coffeeshops'. What you are seeing now is the fall of Dutch civilization.
This avocado pit grew a root while still inside the avocado
This photo my phone took of the stars
Noticed the tips of the tree don't touch each other. Looks like a river!
Big lines to the coffeeshops minutes before Corona lockdown in the Netherlands.
Freshly poured beer. Livin the High Life
He was able to save her ear as a fingerprint in his phone and use it to unlock it
Walking path where an old tramway used to be
This hummingbird shaped mark
my mum made these unique cane heads for the garden in her pottery classes
Walking when the road said f you
Two different schools of thought
My flat footed prints after walking through a puddle
This is how close I was to destroying my car earlier today
Got these at two different gas stations on too different days all in order too first 6,7,8 then 9,10
I don’t even know...
This one lone yellow cap at sams club
I also took a photo of this dragonfly with my phone
The way the candle burned down to look like a cherry...
My frozen yogurt tube is shaped weirdly
Sometimes a random pile of stuff arranges itself.
This grapefruit that formed to the shape of the Tupperware.
The four leafed clover I found as a kid
This receipt from a gas station
Dutch government just announced that all coffeeshops will close at 18:00 due to corona
My washing up liquid ran out the day before the expiry date
I took a picture of a bee drinking from a flower
The effect that vibrations from a plane caused on my tea
The way this branch grew in a busted bottle
The alphabet arranged symmetrically by Scott Kim
People have asked me why I keep this on my desk...
The car I'm driving has a wireless charger built into the middle console that acts as a storage unit also. Pretty cool imo.
My dad made a cowboy sculpture entirely out of horseshoes.
When you have too many chrome tabs open on you phone, it shows you a little smiley face instead of the number of tabs
Plasters with different skin tones
Found a real life Easter egg on this unwrapped rug I have.
Found a real life Easter egg on my unwrapped right today.
This cat looks like Puss in Boots
Norway wants students to return home from countries with poorly developed health services. Such as the USA...
This Fjian Frog wants to come inside. Let it?
A family friend of ours measures everyone who sets foot in her house and I’ve been getting measured since I’ve been a child. I’m Anthony!
Just another close-up phone pic of a red dragonfly. I think I took this last summer.
BBC ad from 1943 I found in a chess book
This public staircase lets you choose a soundtrack
I found some old comics and saw an advertisement for a Game Genie
Old London Transport railway carriage with instructions on what to do in an air raid and in a blackout from World War 2.
My mom has a half of two paintings that go together
This Verizon manhole cover
The toilet paper/paper towel section at the Stop &amp; Shop where I work
The way the pollen collected on the water droplets on my car...
After 2.5 years, my phone case started to fall apart. I ordered the exact same one again. 2.5 years vs brand new.
this tree near my house that looks like someone doing a karate move
The way screwed up Raw 'starter sheets' look just like little buds. Spot the imposter.
Picture of a definitely poisonous grasshopper I took
this inscription in a book I found at an estate sale. @inusedbooks on IG.
The stitching and colors of this quilt.
This Fijian frog displays a kind of ahgressive let me in stance.
As long as the donuts keep flowing, we’ll get through this crisis.
This sign at my gas station
Area map etched into stone wall - The Forks, Winnipeg
This nightstand made out of safety deposit boxes
My mother is being filmed for Israeli television to teach classes for children in quarantine
Traffic light with a green horse from Southern Denmark - info in comment
New tree growing on the stump of an old tree
My breakfast won’t be complete :(
A tree grew over electrical wires and when they cut the tree down, they left part of the branch
Guess what *that* egg looks like.
Whelk's penis
My grocery store selling toilet paper in the meat department
Roundabout in Cardiff, Wales with roadsigns as decoration
I love the way this spackle is drying.
Crack on the floor pointing or being rude.
The tiger stripes on this box look like hipster moustaches.
An interesting find from a book published in 1981
This mutant green pepper I found
Coloring Book found at CVS
People waiting to buy a gun due to coronavirus fear
The rice that came with the green curry I ordered is blue.
Stick smiley face
I photoshopped my girlfriend onto the Disney Mulan live-action movie posters
This cool man i found while visiting Amsterdam
Matt Reeves' Batman is being filmed in my home town
A marshmallow burned over and over taking layers off
Pocky but it's a twincicle
This 1/2 cooked piece of chicken.
Up close picture of a giant moth i found
My son dropped his toy police car down the heat duct. I used my phone camera to locate it. It ended up looking like a film noir sewer drain shot.
Perfect toast.
Is it true?
Art Piece in Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport makes it seem like you’re underwater.
My iced coffee is happy!
My coffee is a bit cheeky.
This NutterButter with one upside down cookie
My egg perfectly sat on my bagel this morning
This coffee lid isn’t able to open because the spout isn’t cut.
Is that a 19? Does this count?
This extremely thin electric guitar
This vintage piggy bank slot machine from Vegas. Still works too!
Bread looks like footprints
There's a smily face in my soup
Louis CK in my leftover coffee
This shirt is only transparent when you view it through a mirror.
Found this little risqué mermaid charm in my 4 year old’s slime kit
Saw someone post a dragonfly earlier and that reminded me of the time I saw one in Kyoto
Duke of Wellington statue in Glasgow right now
A close up of a wasp with something I took on my phone
Old half full bottle of Seagram's 7 I found hiking a couple days ago
I found an orange tree in bloom, but with last year's fruits on
As promised, here's my update. We have 3 bird eggs now in the nest, in our spring wreath, on our glass front door.
My washing machine did this
When life mimics art
Feeling kind of boxed in last week. Probably won't again for a long time. (Costa Maya)
A small tree was cut down to make a sign, yet it hasn’t stopped growing
I have never been the first customer of the day before. It’s not super interesting... but definitely mildly.
How tf did that happen to my ice?
The hardrock hotel that collapsed about a year later
This close up shot of a dragonfly I took with my phone last year.
Found this giant piece of Krave in my bowl this morning.
This deformed carrot turned dapper...
The spread of COVID-19 in various locations
Gotta protect the toilet paper. 9 mm ammo depleted
My work installed this in our break room.
This close up shot of a dragonfly I took the other day.
This close up shot of a dragonfly I took the other day.
This close up shot of a dragonfly I took the other day.
This flower in Portugal 🇵🇹 🇵🇷
Those salt crystals growing on concrete outside
When you have to find communion at home because church assembly is canceled but you still stream.
The way the roof shadow stopped the snow melting. This far and no more!
McDonalds with no furniture
Normal is subjective. What kind of fuckery goes on in here?
This random painting in my hotel that looks like Nicholas Cage
This multicolored fruit loop
This baby ketchup bottle I found
My coffee making a somewhat terrifying emoji this morning
The salsa I used on my eggs this morning had a jalapeno stem in it
This face was on a potato skin I peeled off.
My new power bank looks like a giant shotgun shell
This Buddha has Benjamin Franklin's head.
This Cthullu lemon from my backyard.
The giraffe in my son's book in the only animal that's upside down
Outdated marketing
My schnitzel looks like two gorrilas playing chess on the back of an elephant
the way the movie theater by me labels their senior tickets
I officially haven’t lost my keys for 20 years! New versus old.
so uhh i recently designed this katana using different color threads i didn't know where its belong but i think its interesting
This spider that made it's web above an underground wasp nest.
Two matches matched on Tinder
Gum disposal at my local Walmart.
This bathroom faucet has water, soap, and hand dryer built in!
We ran out of lysol so we are selling these mini lysol we have had for years at my work.
The way that apple grew up
After the Corona outbreak, there was a huge spike in corona virus related searches on pornhub
Sculpture in Ireland
A perspective of what people with visual agnosia see (familiar, makes no sense)
Every year these same two ducks come for a short visit. The mallard was a bit noisy this time.
My deodorant contains an anti-coagulant (coumarin)
Love the architecture at Balboa Park
We can take the entire light unit out of our car to change bulbs.
The Way This Spiderweb Froze
Parking lot with a spot for motorcycle
Heart-shaped Potate
Perfect alignment of logo star and fill-line.
The way this candle melted
The way this candle melted
These tiny bananas
This is all according to plan
The conversions from pounds to Kg are different on these two ratchet straps, but the pound ratings are the same
These apple's had one extra.
A hotel that has a mini basketball court outside
2 Oreos in the box were stuck on backwards
20 Years Of Farts In This Old Herman Miller Office Chair I Was Gifted
The frost made pillars in a mole hill in my yard
The very well defined tan line from my running socks, which are all the same brand at the same height.
A PVC pipe left by a worker 5 years ago on plant is embedded in it now
The sun coming out 10 minutes after a flood occurred
My sock tan
the sun coming out 15 minutes after a flood
These seats in Roatán are old tires
This tree grew out of this silo.
Put a drinks measure on my squash bottle to get the same amount of squash each time
This small egg is so cute(its from a chicken)
This coin I have from somewhere between 1637-1668 (portraying Ludvik XIV.)
You know what this means, time to upvote
I got two fortunes in one
Norwegian University of Science and Technology ask all Norwegian students in countries with poorly developed health services return asap.
Norwegian University of Science and Technology ask all Norwegian students in countries with poorly developed health services return asap.
A drawing I did
Moon-bow over the city
This hair that looks like a treble clef
Reddit now has a button that says "Happy Cake Day," for you.
The way this snow has melted perfectly in line with the shadow
Reddit now has a button that says "Happy Cake Day" for you.
this NG over is legit tbh
Apparently they sold communist made stuff in Western Europe back in the 70s. My father bought this one in the Netherlands.
Your brain is trying to identify an object but it cant
The bicycle was lying there for so long the dirt almost covered it
A wheelchair ramp.
This close up shot of a dragonfly I took with my phone the other day.
Good use of a space is important.
Phagocyte on the hunt for a pathogen
Phagocyte on the hunt for a pathogen
Phagocyte on the hunt for a pathogen.
Phagocyte on the hunt for a pathogen.
This mutated daisy in my garden
A fully circular rainbow, captured whilst hot air ballooning.
My dad’s glass has an inverted wine bottle in it
My dad’s glass has an inverted wine bottle in it
PLEASE SPREAD OVER ALL SUBREDDITS
Fairly well mummified cat found under several kilos of hay in my barn
Italy-shaped clouds seen from Italy (not OC)
The bread my husband made in his pizza oven last night had a hole in it.
Flower Deliver Woman - Hanoi
Finally got a perfect yogurt
This Unidentified Flying Object seen over my house in Sydney, Australia.
The shadows during physics classes
The shadows while physics classes
Hmmmmmm
My Morning coffee looed lika e strawberry
Star Wars high heels with light up heelsabers
Never seen a folded Pringle before
Star Wars heels that have heelsabers
Priorities are a little skewed...
Burger King is advertising preservative free food with videos of moldy Whopper.
12 years of wear on a bottle opener keyring.
Coronavirus is down a ways in the youtube search suggestions
These trees next to my house look like a heart
Jack Gleeson (Joffrey of Game of Thrones) was at the Robot Restaurant same time as I was almost exactly 4 years ago
Online grocery shop in Switzerland introduced digital queue
Just me and about 10 other people at Birmingham Airport (UK) Departure lounge, I think there's only 1 flight leaving here, it's incredibly eerie!!
The last reader left postit notes in my 2nd hand book
Snakes have some funky organs, tiny lungs.
A resturant that serves pretzels on a hook
This discord bot saying that cardi b gave me a pill
The cover pages of different Austrian news papers today: Take care and stay at home, especially when you are over 65 years old
My shin has a bald stripe from deadlifting
This shower timer during Australian drought
With the Covid19 pandemic, today's elections in France are critized. Google's logo for the occasion could represent both a ballot box or a tissue dispenser.
Some Apple stores are no longer letting customer inside the store, instead they serve them outside.
Google Searches for "Bidet" in last 30 Days. Invest NOW.
The way how this candle melted
The way how this candle melted
The way how this candle melted
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
My old baby tooth broke in half
Left these peach colored earplugs in my pocket and the wash cycle turned them shiny jet black.
My local grocery store has a chart showing the best ways to cook different potatoes :)
This old TV used as a pot by my great grandma
My hard boiled egg has two yolks!!
an everything bagel, but make it hummus.
This oreo doesn’t have an engraving
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
How do you get it that wrong in a brick wall???
Calgary snow shown on a trough last 48 hrs. Best of health to all and best clean healthy hugs to everyone.
This ice pattern in the patio at the Wal-Mart I work at
I don't if you'll find it to be interesting. But this is my balance as of today.
Bioluminescent Plankton on the Persian Gulf.
This walking road is made up from seashells
This pattern on my asian rice cake
This trashbin cover and people putting their trash under it
This stray(?) cat with two different colored eyes
Brick wall letter boxes - OCD episode
A real grape I noticed at a friend's place
The 8th grade is watching yo gabba gabba in science classs
The 8th grade is watching yo gabba gabba in science classs
The 8th grade is watching yo gabba gabba in science classs
Beer bottle I found in my customers 1950s insulation filled attic
The way my cat's scab fell out with all the hair?¿
Claw machine at my movie theatres
Rainbow cloud
This balloon has been floating here for weeks in synch with my furnace. When it is off, it rests on the vent. I just realized this today...
There is an advert on my pint glass from a Victor Harbour pub.
This vintage piggy back slot machine. Still works!
How much per day?
I sense a pattern.
The sun setting over the dragon at gringotts bank at Harry Potter World in Orlando Florida
Some facts about our bones.
Simpsons predicted Tom Hanks being in quarantine
Pie that expired on pie day :0
Just saw this posted on eBay. Roughly US$1,237 for 36 rolls. People have truly lost their minds.
This polished stone pleases me
Candy Crush contributing to hygiene safety
So I found a pregnant-as-all-hell black beetle, tonight.
I have a random video on my phone that's 0 Bits and is dated to Dec 1969
Translucent Blue Tang (Quickly photographed and released unharmed) Puerto Vallarta, Mexico
Found a green potato chip
I happen to have a bunch of those coins! Dated 1866-1910
A credit card statement from 1982 I found in an antique dresser that I am refinishing
It's going to take more than coronavirus and a discount tag to get people to buy the granny smiths.
Is it me or does the bloom on this plant I saw today look like the coronavirus?
There was a little soccer goal in my urinal at this Japanese restaurant I went to
My thumb makes a face
the words of reassurance on this box of tissues
This fraying thread from my towel
My son's left eye has two different colors.
An ice cream shop in my town is trading toilet paper for ice cream
The fixture on my bathroom door looks like Stewie
A coupon that expired on leap day
There's a village in Austria called Fucking
Pandemic Panic
This large , curved cucumber
My bowl of Apple Jacks had one jack that didn’t have a hole
This tree grew inside an old silo and finally made it to the top!
There Is No Way Something Like This Should Come Out Of A 18yr Old Girl!
My dad and I were looking through my grandma's record collection and found this.
The way this plug at my hotel looks like a surprised robot
Just some extra eyelashes growing above my regular ones
I have eyelashes growing above my regular eyelashes
Smithsonian Magazine, Nov. 2017. Finally have time to read it now...
My wild cherry Pepsi had a green bottle
Long grape that resembles a mini eggplant
Santa Monica Pier
An original rounded Australian 50c coin from 1966 Compared to the modern Australian dodecagonal 50c coin from 1999
The amount of awards on this post.
From the people who brought you bagged milk. Get ready for... Bagged Chocolate Milk!
This sign at the orangutan exhibit at the Honolulu zoo.
I assembled the Ikea monolith!!
These two carrots that naturally grew around each other
my PS4 games fit perfectly into this Napa Valley wine box
These Prints my Art Instructor found in a thrift store.
Never thought about this until I saw it
My grocery store is selling pies for $3.14 on Pi Day
My friend's Mario obsession.
This Carrot has 2 colors
This gas station in rural Tennessee had a little painting of the gas station on wood hung up on the wall.
Ring-e Ring-e
This car has heart shaped exhausts...
Helicopter blades matching camera FPS.
This is what discord is doing for the coronavirus
Infinity-illusion due to triangular face of One World Trade Center, New York
Sylvia brown "predicts" Coronavirus in her 2008 book
A braille rubiks cube
The restaurant i ate at tonight has been visited by Guy Fieri
The way the metal shavings light up
Oh ok
This is the most beautiful leaf iv’e ever seen, looks like it has lightning on it!
China's Air Pollution Before and After 𝑻𝑯𝑬 𝑽𝑰𝑹𝑼𝑺.
Found some TAA branded teaspoons that must date to before 1986 when the airline rebranded
This bathroom with Chuck Norris facts on the wall
Size 22 shaq shoe and lakers ball signed by Lebron James
First time I've seen a changing station in a men's room
Size 22 shaq shoe and Lakers ball signed by Lebron James
These popcorn cupcakes
I was wandering why I wasn’t charged $7.99 as written on the box. Then I realized Harris Teeter being a bro on a Pie Day...............P.S. it’s also Einstein’s Birthday:)
This Matroska Toy I found of Vladimir Putin
These step and pull handles among coronavirus cases in the area
they took all of the tp &amp; the paper towels but not the tissues?
they took all of the tp &amp; the paper towels but not the tissues?
My local grocery store had to put up a sign to stop people from hoarding toilet paper
Word unscramble: CORONAVIRUS | CARNIVOROUS
This Oreo was put together wrong
Local supermarket toilet paper shelves recently
Found these inspiring words about why we need to quarantine
my picture of my cat doing Italian Paw's flash was so bright you can see through the mirrors.
2008 Mercedes-Benz CLS headlight lens (holoflashed, black background, photograph flash)
This model train set
This fancy spatula my mom has
My fuzzy gold tinsel sweater came with matching extra thread.
Our Salt and Pepper Shakers at a restaurant
This bottle’s column isn’t a round number in Metric or Imperial.
This McDonald's on oahu
I just found an 8 track tape in my grandma's closet
Realized I'm that old guy from Toy Story
The way this scissor spins.
A sign in a washroom at a grocery store.
I was looking for some hand sanitizer at home and found this gem.
this sticker i made
This 22" machete i found in the bushed at a neighborhood park. I am trying to clean it up a bit. I know what your thinking, that's a weird place to find a knife.
My fortune cookie was misprinted and I got half of two fortunes
What happen this time?
The way these shoes look like they are different sizes
There's a candy called big top
The male figure on this bathroom sign really needs to pee.
This lizard with a deformed tail
This tiki style ATM at Cocoa Beach pier.
Tried to pop the lid off on the edge of the table and this happens..
These 2ft tall wooden LEGO characters
WRC driver fills leaking radiator with Corona beer at Rally Mexico 2014
This one nut peanut
This triple nut peanut
My Pi Day Pi pie has a Pi pie hole
My friend sent me this from work, the water fountain imploded
WRC driver feels leaking radiator with Corona beer at Rally Mexico 2014
The pie I bought on Pi Day cost $3.14
What happen this time?
My Popeyes Receipt Was Printed On Burger King Receipt Paper.
I Found this in a Grocery Store Cart - Hide Stash
This ornament in my neighbor’s yard.
My father collects all of his "I voted" stickers on his back scratcher.
Popcorn in blue lighting
My green tea in a glass cup while the car is in idle.
Stumbled across this random rock art on a small semi-secluded beach just outside Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
Stumbled across this random rock art on a small semi-secluded beach just outside Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
Local fiesta is putting limits on how much tp you can buy at a time
I don’t remember what this commercial was for, but they’ve got the jokes! Poking fun at the pop culture practice of rampant name misspellings at coffee shops, check out how they spelled Goofy’s name. (If unclear, it’s G-U-F-F-I-E.)
Saw this in the car park today
This tiny chunky battery i found
Dragon eggs the kids nade
Found this deer skull while out hiking today.
The secret message on this bag
This bag
The way these rings formed in my beer
A bird or possibly a ghoul flew into my window
The sign at my store for COVID-19
Another design of a clock where the numbers rotate instead of the hands.
Found in a tea house at the Cliffs of Dover England.
This guys rap flow is mildly interesting
Ring in beer head
This rolling paper
These random lamps on the side of the road
A snake fart
Nice touch from the local cafe
A shell my girlfriend found on a beach in Ecuador
This long exposure shot of a street light looks as if there was an explosion
Always check the bottom
Pandemic themed movies are trending during a pandemic situation.
Congratulations, you found some!
🧻
Meet my isolation friend; Charlie the Leopard Geko [OC]
My teachers beer bottle cap clock (before it broke)
This X in the sky:
Hair removed from a hair brush
A stoplight got changed into a heart shape for no apparent reason
The way a plane sliced through this cloud.
The grounds at the bottom of my coffee this morning looked like a forest full of evergreens
The picture is different than the puzzle.
Chinese restaurant near me makes their fortune cookies with vanilla, chocolate, and orange flavors.
Saw these cars at Walgreens in rainbow pattern
Chinese restaurant near me makes their fortune cookies with vanilla, chocolate, and orange flavors.
The way this ice-cube formed
My spouse has a dresser drawer just for work gloves.
This tree growing around a fence
Me
The inside of my phone case
The street and the river are spelled differently, despite being the same word
The street and the river are spelled differently, despite being the same word
Two chocolates in one packaging.
Found at my local Kroger amidst the panic buying for COVID-19
Hey atleast I still got the circle
This picture of the casino band looks like an oil painting with Bill Burr as the lead singer
These urinals at the local brewery.
This alcohol bottle shaped like mouthwash
How perfectly this Eclipse gum wrap tore off...
A 1 000 000 dollar note i found at my great grandmothers place
How this Cadbury Mini Egg matches the mail on my table exactly in color...
This IBM terminal we just replaced at work
These doors that close off the tube platform from the rest of the station
These doors that close off the tube platform from the rest of the station
Weathered pavement revealing original road
My apple slicer just broke completely when I'd cut halfway through an apple
Wrong page-number printed alongside the correct one
This penny that’s has been in the dryer for about 2 years
A local grocery chain found a clever way to salvage their March Madness sale.
Checked my phone at the perfect time.
This stamp I just discovered in a book I’ve been waiting to read
I found this meme IRL she’s from an add for steam cleaner rentals
PAC-MAN but Donkey Kong
The bathrooms in this McDonalds are locked unless you ask the employees if you can go
The Disney Magic and Royal Caribbean Symphony OTS sailing with no passengers to the Bahamas from Miami.
My collection of old Bulgarian coins
One of my eggs had two yolks.
This nearly perfectly round baby carrot I just found
Book of stock photos before online stock photo databases
This coin from 1898 I dug up in my garden.
They raised the price of Corona at this liquor store.
I’m not sure how the lock on this stall broke
The way this coconut oil solidified after cooking.
1/2 hr before Disneyland announced they would be closing. Rain and pandemic not deterring people from the happiest place on earth.
This poor chicken.
Rabbit in a Coke box
Indian food
Tooth shade guides
This advertisement that's so perfectly imperfect!
Half shaved half not shaved log i found in the woods today
An old coin from either 1810 or 1819
Found this in the woods, thought it fit here
Found this in the woods, thought it fit here
How travel ban from Europe to US looks like
I have this old 25 Iraqi Dinar bill
This Urinal Flusher
These capacitors from a sewing machine from 1986 say they were made in West Germany
My nephew left his foam football out in the yard and weeds grew through it over time
This Urinal Flusher
Everyone torrenting Contagion (2011) over the past week amid the coronavirus pandemic
The correlation between these two posts...
An interesting title. Cat grocery overlord?
Seeing everyone torrent Contagion over the past week amid the coronavirus pandemic 🤔
A camel farm in the middle of Kansas!
This is how you meet Christ, he will come by car with pizza.
Door stopper at my school looks like an alien
Guess I’ll never forget my CVV
This bra used to protect a horse's infected eye, whilst also allowing it to see.
The way the snow melted on my car’s fender
Trader Joe's - 7PM - Chicago
Realized while fixing my daughter's toy that I am literally that old guy from the Toy Story movie
If you view the HTML code on Khan Academy using ctrl + u this is what happens
Beaver's job taken over by a machine.
Realized while fixing my daughter's Jessie doll that I am literally that fat guy from the Toy Story movie that steals Woody
This Toilet Flusher
Not sure what this vehicle is for.
Came across two wheat pennies while counting my change jar
This beer is trying to be less urkell.
These patterns on my driveway are from when I put Scotch-Guard water repellent on my shoes almost six months ago!
This cookbook tells what music is good for the dish
Burned myself yesterday on a compressor and it looks like a Pokeball
It's only winter on the North side of this trail
This was at my school
This shadow of my house number from the sun shining through the vestibule window
I drew a perfect triangle
The way snow melts when landing on a plane
Lobotomized skull, in the Memento Mori shop in Loveland Ohio
The Price of Pi
the cleanest toilet ever
The way snow melts when landing in a plane
This Broncos cup my mom made. Has my name printed on the back.
Reese’s cup left no residue
This leaf that's carved a path through another leaf.
My Mac and cheese came with two cheese packages!!
The way the beavers chewed this wood
Don't know if this is still interesting but the toilet paper and Hand sanitizer aisle at Walmart.
My bananas are splitting apart.
The letters floated off my jar of honey
Skirt turned into hijab by this little cutie
The handicap stalk has its own sink and mirror
Skirt turned into hijab, by this little cutie 😅
This aisle of toilet paper
This crumpled up receipt looks like a jet ski
This chicken cutlet looks like a chickens head
Found a round bead in my pack of square beads
Wet floor sign at this gas station is a banana peel
These lines go up the wall to help you park correctly
Someone at my school made a Dr. Phil collage
120 year old dollar coin
just wash your hands, they said
Collection of Corporate Emails about Covid19
I swear I have no messages and this just popped up and I have no notifications. It’s stuck there. Help me
My oreo cookie was the other way round.
Pi day pie for the right price
The Spanish flu, Cleveland Ohio 1918
I painted our 100 year old porch steps today!
I left a deck of cards in my jacket pocket, here’s how it came out of the washer.
We have remodels going on in our house so it's super dusty. I left a screwdriver here and it left the shape of it due to the dust.
The name of this business that’s in a suburb of Houston
Bill Murray mural in Jacksonville FL (Murray Hill)
This strawberry candy was badly cut so it got a part of rasperry (blue) flavor in it
The way this ice cube froze
The inside of this leak
Left my foot in hot water too long and now half of it is red.
This cable splitter has a smile on one side
This drink company sells tringle cardboards
This is how colorful dust exploded when I dropped my glass container on the front porch! (it cracked):(
This giraffe mug with a little giraffe in it
The Starbucks at my local Barnes and Nobles
Happy Pi Day!
LEGO sent me 15 extra of the same piece.
Our patio furniture we inherited from grsndma who died in 1990 is the same as the patio furniture on that 70s show.
There was an apparent whoopsie at the paper plate factory.
This thing that has sand a bubbles between glass
Istanbul - The city itself has bigger economy (GDP=$253 Billion) than the entire country of Peru (GDP=$240 Billion)
Found an Oreo that’s top was on backwards.
Mine rotates clockwise...
This USB port that bends in the middle.
This Vader with an extra kneecap
My onion sprouted.
In case y’all were wondering how it’s going out here in Colorado... Our buddy’s roomate got tested because he had a sore throat. His entire house and all its residents are now being quarantined till the test results come back. So behold, a Colorado Coronavirus Quarantine Care Package.
The time appear and disappear on my dad’s iPhone.
Didn’t know you could balance a can this way
Our pizza arrived on Pi Day at 3:14 PM
The time appear and disappear on my dad’s IPhone.
Snow+wind=cool snow dunes.
I used to take cigarette breaks out on that patio when this place used to be a Call Center. 20 years later, it’s an indoor kids park, and I’ve returned as a Dad.
Hard-boiled Twins!! My hand is 9cm wide in this picture to give you a rough idea of how big this egg was.
This flock of Subaru Outbacks exactly the same color parked randomly on this street corner.
My cookbook has a section on prepping and cooking a squirrel, complete with diagrams
This pavement being slowly corroded away by water dripping from the ceiling
This sweet tart thing that is missing one right out of the middle
Corona virus map in a petri dish looks like a cell culture
This orange had a baby inside
This billboard that promotes using illegal drugs responsibly.
Does this annoy you
Saving the public transportation. No entrance at the front.
The seed on this avocado is so small!
Apparently there’s a service to drink in a hot tub while being pulled by a Ford truck in Nashville Tennessee.
A Sign for a Milling Company owned by Miller
My Apple still had a small stick from the apple tree
Pilot very diligently flying zig zags over Massachusetts
How you can see the airflow on the engine of this plane
This patch of snow matches the shadow of my house.
Found a perfect half lemonhead in my box
I captured 3:14 on 3/14
This crack on the wall looks like Cleopatra's Silhouette
Chip looks like a whale
Serial number buddies
The price elasticity of food stocking
A tow truck pulling a tow truck
There's no 13th floor in my apartment building
A heart-shaped patch of moss
The Shake Shack fries box looks kind of like a stormtrooper helmet
Found a perfect half lemonhead in my box
This mutant NUGG i got from wendys
I can’t feel my hands anymore but I know all four are sterile.
This tiny pickle I found in a jar if pickles. (Penny and LEGO piece are for size comparison)
Went to IHop this morning for breakfast, and got this tray of condiments with our meal. The white one is salt and directly behind it is the pepper (two syrup, two ketchup and two hot sauce are the rest).
Found coat hangers next to eachother from Hennes and Mauritz, the stores that later merged into H&amp;M.
Parallel lines that go up the wall so you can park perfectly
Just found this "ping pong" ball in a Guinness beer can.
The seed inside the apple I was eating was starting to sprout
A bat sculpture on a tree I never noticed before today
Chuy's silverware is sanitized for my protection.
This grass that overcame obstacles
Username checks out
Leaf Skeleton
Tallest building in the world cutting cloud.
Got the exact moment of pi day!
This cutout for turds.
The instructions on my pizza box feature a side salad to go along with it.
The sediment in my homemade wine (known as lees) settled in a way that resembles the bottle it’s in!
This gas cap is hidden under the tail light
This uncut piece of cereal I found.
The shelves at my local Walmart are completely empty because of the COVID-19 panic.
Found this reciprocating saw in a log cabin that burned down nineteen years ago
The way the sun faded away the colours on my lamp.
This restaurant bathroom has a manhole in it.
The way myelin gathered in my eye where it's not supposed to
In germany chewbacca was on vacation and i spotted him
This print above the urinals at a local bar.
If you Flip the image you see a white Chocolate spread Cat
These rice checks that were fuzed together
Found this reciprocating saw in a log cabin that burned down nineteen years ago
My smartie eggs came with a yellow one
The wear on this key
This sign they had to put up to stop people thinking it's the post office
This is what grains of sand look like when magnified 100x and 300x.
someone made this wooden guy that greeted me as I walked by
How the grass next to a windy lake formed thick shells of ice.
This front plate
This branch looks like an elephant.
Surveys about cleanliness have to be avoided to stay clean
A fifty-billion Deutschmark note from 1923
My Cake Day is Pi Day.
Something to sing along to while you're washing your hands
These floor plates
Found this at Aldis
This Ikea lamp looks like the COVID-19 virus
I used the same amount of data in January and February
Mildly depressing
These trees at my school were dry on one side and wet on the other (blur edited in since the school name was in the background)
This promotional Luigi pin with a Cancer and reproductive harm warning.
You can still see what movies were on when the theatre shut in my town
Henry Ford: hero or villain??
Japanese supermarkets let you try the toilet paper before you buy it
This perfect shatter on my car In gta
Owl eyes light up when you start a fire
This vegan pizza so you don’t feel the guilt
My belly button makes a perfect swirl
This wrinkled egg
I have the same plates as Miss Price from Bedknobs and Brooksticks
This thing on the inside of my milk carton handle
A tree at my university grew into a fence
Advertising the addiction and the cure
This really pretty bubble on top of a mug I was cleaning
This, kids, is a payphone!!
The way this handle has worn down over time.
Both these glasses were in different spots in my dishwasher, but broke in the same manner.
This Blockbuster Video eraser my parents still use at work
I present my moms pi pie. The pie that cracked to form pi. Sorry for crap picture, this was years ago and she still reminds me every 3/14
Cracked my egg this morning and the membrane kept it intact
There was a tiny orange growing inside of my orange today
All our pickles are floating
These clouds look like a saw blade
My Apple Watch when looking through my sunglasses
A albino cricket
This black duck
My eye doctor pointed out this oddity in my eyes
Ambulance Crew in Bosnia look like Board Game Pawns
Cracked two eggs in a row and both had two yolks in them
My spicy nugget looks like a heart
Half if a Five Dollar Bill from the Confederate States found in an old Jewelry box.
My parents had their groceries delivered from Walmart this morning. This is everything that wasn't able to be delivered
This Friends LEGO set
Denmark keeps guns permanently pointed at Sweden.
A 40 year old book predicting Corona virus
This jerky has a flosser included
This bean shaped Egg one of my chickens laid yesterday
This jerky has a flosser included
Albert Einstein At Georgia Tech
The owl eyes light up when you start a fire in this fireplace
This Ice that hitched a ride from Kansas to denver.
A double fruit snack pack
This house I'm staying in at Lake Tahoe has a VHS tape of Meet the Parents [OC]
These vegan burgers are heart shaped to represent the hearts of the animals you did not eat
As of right now, it’s March 14th in Oregon.
My Oreo was put on backwards (It's chocolate marshmallow, the white stuff is marshmallow in the cookie)
Great Masjid of Mekkah compared to when they closed it temporarily for cleaning due to corona (before first case in Saudi)
This gum on the ground looks like a skull
15 minutes after reading this my school got shut down for two weeks and everything in the world is changing due to covid19
Giraffe in my beer
The lobby of this medical office has an alligator in the floor
A crane putting a cross on the steeple
Peanut m&amp;m incest birth defect,question mark?
can you solve it?
My 7 year old cousin gifted me a rock she painted.
This vegan Easter egg
In case you need help washing your hands
This lipstick has lips in it.
A snack that includes a backstory
Water reflections on the ceiling in my flat
50 Years Calendar
This tip jar
The pump shut off automatically at 17 gallons even.
This ladybug
This lucky charm
This vegan bus stop poster
Synthesizer Sofa
The ice on my plants only grew on one side last night due to strong wind
I Drove By A Truck Transporting A Statue
The Leaning Tower of Ramen
Someone who doesn’t follow instructions
Take this photo past year. "I want to go home. Take a bath, eat and sleep. Caution, I love to spit out the window."
My dust mask is the same color as my bed
Just found this four leafed clover!
This patio area at my apartment that used to be a swimming pool
The pattern that was made on my stove when my rice spilled
I have a prop “beer” can that I got from the actor Barney Martin when I met him as a kid. Underneath the label is a green Shasta soda can. It was used on the Tony Randall show.
It’s snowing...in March
But why just sharks?
Cool sink I found at a GetGo! The air dryer worked exceptionally well.
The fact that these two thumbnails are right next to each other fulfils me.
This cat stairway leading to a fifth storey window in Zurich
A sign I saw at work this morning. We've been wiped out for two days.
You can see the striations in the sandstone underneath the water on the shore in my back yard.
This coin bank my grandfather gave me
Go check it out https://www.gohkokhan.com/corona-virus-interactive-dashboard-tweaked/
My stapler at work has a storage compartment for extra staples on the bottom of it.
A double rainbow
$1 bill from 1935 I got back in change from the bar.
Beavers absolutely tore up this area. I'm from Florida so I've never seen it up close. Its beautiful! I have more pics if anyone is interested. They had a couple dams too. Natures construction workers... so cool.
Gravity distorted my tape when it was stored on top of a smaller roll for a long time.
This looks like it is in Russian
My Smash GSP is the same with 2 characters
Germany and Austria are almost blank
Piece of my tooth left on my bib after a root canal...
When the price for a pie equals pi
My local library has “Tough Topic Kits” that can be checked out anonymously. Books and resources about topics like abuse, mental illness, etc...
This futuristic thermostat
This piece of wood I cut
Shrine to Sam Walton on the back wall of a small town Walmart.
Just found this piece of cereal sealed into the bag
This military surplus bomb container repurposed as a feed trough for animals.
The way the frost grew overnight on this metal walkway
The city of Fort Lauderdale now has beach clean up baskets to grab on your way down to the water. Love this. A little solution for the abundant plastic in the oceans.
Just realized the “L” in Staples looks like a bent staple. Only took 21 years to figure that out...
This cloud is so close to a the mountain, it forms a shadow.
This plastic packaging has the recycling symbol in different languages
The new Batman film is being filmed where I live
A fully operational cigarette vending machine.
This blueberry with a pi symbol
I was in a car accident yesterday and I received a partial brand from the logo on the steering whee.
This diner has hand sanitizer on a string.
This pie crust box instructs you to cut four slits but depicts someone cutting five.
The pump shit off automatically at exactly 17 gallons
This mural of the Bryant family in Downtown Mcallen (one of my friends took this picture)
Lots of snails crammed up in a tree
My pepper had three baby peppers growing inside of it
Cover of this notebook which I found in the mall
Everything is frozen in time in this photo. I thought it was pretty neat that I saved this exact moment
A train station in Hamburg, Germany.
This book that is prohibited in France
I have a clock where the numbers rotate rather than the hands.
A Huntress sculpture in the forest woven from willow branches
The one on the left was exposed to sun regularly the one on the right was right behind it face inwards. It was the same color a year ago...
The way my mug broke when I dropped it
After not being driven for a couple of months, being parked outside in raining season, cars in Wuhan have grass growing on them.
A gift for my garbage man from my kids.
Floating jam
This pizza joint in Vietnam advertising the safety of the food.
Overnight the moisture gathers only on the side that faces a window 10' away. Why?
I got bored so I made my apple into well idk
This listing on ShopGoodwill
The seven on this clock is an upside down two
Shadow trees on my tissue cast by the basket behind them.
Big Ben is having some renovation work done on this bottle of HP
This lil green beetle on my finger.
This lil green beetle on my finger.
Last nights takeaway pizza box in Tenerife had George Clooney on it.
The receipts at this cafe gives hints for dividing the bill
Water mark on my stove that looks like a jack rabbit
My walls started to drip from two specific places after a heavy rain. FYI, this is an inner wall with no exposure to rain.
The sixth oldest surviving Bugatti.
I have had a poster on a wall for so long that the wall is brighter then the rest
This potato that is shaped like a rubber duck
Total price for two people.
One of my chopsticks is darker than the other.
This trees roots are in a spiral
At work, each of us was gifted a roll of TP and a poem.
I have had a poster on a wall for so long that the wall is brighter then the rest
My pasture grass is incredibly plush
These potted plants in a kindergarten, which look like coffins for children.
know the answer to the post
The way the snow is folding down the front of my vehicle.
Does the diarrhoea explain why white people are hoarding toilet paper?
My Pi Day order number at Tim Hortons this morning
Ever wondered what happens when your destination country closes its borders?
No, no, he’s got a point...
American cereal boxes are tall and skinny
I got a hair growing on my forehead
What an idea
Miracle Mike the chicken without head remained alive for 18 months after his head was axed
Me cleaning my vacuum cleaner with my vacuum cleaner, which makes me a vacuum cleaner cleaning my vacuum cleaner with my vacuum cleaner
These digital flame street lamps in Cork, Ireland
This creepy statue from a random tweet about a user's pet cat
All this seasoning in my Shapes pack clumped on 2 crackers
Found a raisin in my grapes
£30 (USD 37) a toilet roll, don't you wish you were in the business of selling toilet paper? What other expensive-AF items have you come across? cc: idiolect.app. Ps it's from CN *rofl* Pss More like costing me a lung.
This memory game from a bankrupt airline has the duolingo bird
Tallest building in the world cutting the cloud.
goss the cat is on marvel official site
This Monty Python themed robot, more info below!
This Monty Python themed robot, more info below!
This plumbing van in the shape of a toilet
This manequin head
A picture of a cemetery from an airplane window.
A plus sized mannequin in a shop in Saudi Arabia
The way the snow melted in sun but not in shadow
This tile that looks like it's terrified.
I found this on the paper towel shelf at Walmart yesterday
Local bakery special touch for Pi day :)
What is a snood? Why is it so dangerous?
The snowball-like white mold on these shed spider husks
My hotel has a marker to point towards mecca
My Trazadone is a trapezoid
I stopped the party just to take a video of my glowing drink.
This yogurt I was eating today came with a cute face
This old building amid the skyscrapers.
These tactile studs change colour to reflect the pedestrian signals for people looking down at their phones.
This kindergarten has a barbed wire fence around it
This toothpick missed the full manufacturing process, no points on it.
This wet floor sign is a banana peel
At this airport, they have a machine that will print off free short stories for you to read while you wait!
Oreo assembled with the cookie on the wrong side up
What happen this time?
These cool pop art tiles tempted me while shopping for my kitchen reno.
My avacado seed formed a loveheart
This chicken restaurant has an egg made to look like a chicken and one of those awful screaming chickens to call a waiter
Argentinian Kids TV Channel shows Sign Language for Deaf Children
The water inside this block of ice
The beams of this parking garage all have footprints on them!
I made this out of motrin
Big sale on pork
The adhesive side of this wrist band tapers in so it doesn’t accidentally stick to your skin
Estonians are using strong vodka to desinfect against coronavirus as antiseptics are being sold out.
Estonians are using strong vodka to desinfect against coronavirus as antiseptics are being sold out.
Explaining the effectiveness of washing hands to a child
This parent's explanation for the effectiveness of washing hands
Estonians are using strong vodka to desinfect against coronavirus as antiseptics are being sold out.
My toilet this mornings was literally a holy sh*t
This paragraph from a 1809 newspaper describing giants(?)
This paragraph from a 1809 newspaper talking about giants
The back of an inhaler showing how many puffs you have remaining.
The back of an inhaler showing how many puffs you have left.
My mom has a bunch of giant pushpins
Toilet paper vending machine...
Saw this cool outfit recently
My dart stuck into the back of another dart
The symmetry in these flowers
This super cool bust of agent smith my dad got from on working on the matrix
I was handed this by a customer at a deli I work at. I have some deciphered
Remains of a jellyfish form a lens. Found on a beach
This tree grew through a fence.
Saw this on my way home today you know stuffs going down when they bust out the old sky writing plane
The way the snow was blown during heavy winds
Same boots, 3 years apart
Flight radar - Trump travel ban
Never seen a Little Caesar’s drive-thru before.
Putting the lid back on this soda bottle is like playing spin the bottle
I separated the colors of a liquid motion timer.
A Close up picture of a tattoo on my arm. Also hairs.
My carrot trying to say “peace out”
Jeffery Epstein didn’t kill himself, he just does hair transplants.
The way my lotion came out of its tube.
My British WW2 helmet looks like like a dog
Nail from an old piece of furniture
a slightly Idaho shaped potato
The first Sub-Reddits that step on earth
Bidet for babies in case you run out of wipes
I just learned toasters have a crumb catcher
My cousin does residential grading and saw this in a clients yard.
A plane drew this in the sky
A plane drew this in the sky
These chocolates that look like mini planets!
Love how this sweetpea vine grows these little curlicues.
The trail left behind a fly on a wet window
With all the craziness happening, this dude will driver FREE kits of sold out items to senior citizens!
The plates at my grandmother’s house were taken from a Saudi Airlines flight.
It was emotions week at school and my toddler teacher made a "weeping willow"
My Hershey kiss had one really long paper that came out in three places
the graffiti scratched in on the top of the urinal shows up in the light reflection too
We bought a big bag of frozen nuggets at the store, and it turns out they're literally McDonald's Nuggets.
I swear to God this is not a filter. This is how my aquarium looks with the light in night mode.
Wooden caskets are often lined with a polythene film. They prevent embalming fluid and/or bodily fluids from leaking through the porous wood during service.
Worse comes to worst? 🤯
These cat pillows and blanket together look like a bad photoshop.
Minecraft tree found in the wild.
These clouds over Block Island, RI (USA)
My thermos was run over at work and it happened to keep it's seal, didn't leek any coffee, and made it easier to hold
Bottle brushes before and after
This egg my chicken laid.
These are the alt codes for the alphabet on windows
[OC] Just realized this balloon has been floating there for days....
These twin forks born together
"The German Chess Community" of the Nazi Community "Strength through Joy" Memo 1942. On the left is "Bau" "Day" "White" on the right is "Circle" "Game No." "Black". I cannot read the script.
Empire State Building Flyer. about 1968
This Amazon truck broke down in the middle of the street just waiting to get robbed
Unrolled taki
Someone trademarked (and registered) the “United States”
My camera trying to focus on my blanket over and over looks like a heartbeat
A super small apple
I just realized this balloon has been floating there for days.....
When your milk carton looks like Invader Zim.
My toaster has smiley faces.
How much is a roll of tp out the back of a car vs at a supermarket?
My chinese offering free corona with any meal
This supermarket trolley tells you which isle its products are in
Colorized this photo of my great grandfather from the early 1900's, safe to say mustaches were in at the time. Also explains why I still have no facial hair at 25
This gas station doesn't have a car wash, but has a sandwich chain attached, so they discount gas a little differently.
The meat section at my local grocery store.
Mini USB on the other end of an Apple Lightning Jack charger
This pic i took looks like a portal from Caroline.
Saw a skull in some bronze washer dust.
These gradient peeps!
My grocery store sells pies for 3.14$ on pi day
This sign to keep the toilet clean
This coat rack can move around a little
On our flight today; this is a bunch of clouds dipping into a valley
Last night in the last makeshift hospital in Wuhan, Dr. Jiang Wenyang is lying on the empty bed, exhausted and relieved. Tomorrow this final makeshift hospital will be closed forever.
The city of East St. Louis Illinois looks like it’s flipping observers off
My stuffed cat is so old it was made in Western Germany
Was driving in a convertible with the top down and got a burn-line where the seatbelt waa.
There’s a biker riding the bar code
This baby carrot is shaped like a vagina
I threw away a pair of old shoes the other day, but not before removing the shoe strings to be used as a cat toy later. Turns out the shoe strings aren't the same length.
The build up of grime that I just noticed in our building. Wash your hands and don’t touch things!
This giant sausage eating gentleman on the side of a sausage factory, near Olomouc, in the Czech Republic. (oc)
This soda had the top blown clean off from being left out in the cold. The edge isn't even sharp.
I feel like with all the movies premiering later in the year due to the people not going out, video game companies should release their games early to keep people in.
Covid seems pretty familiar
In Canada, we no longer have pennies, so prices get rounded to the nearest five cents.
A neutrally boyent ballon. It's a picture, so you'll just have to trust me.
My rabbit is shedding so now she has eyebrows.
My left chest wall is vibrating like an old phone has been all day it stop for 5-10 minutes then it starts up again.
What is wrong with this picture?
A tiny m&amp;m in my mini m&amp;m’s
It's raining over there.
What's he trying to tell me?
Coronavirus freak out calls for a pizza famine.
The ice in this frozen drink
Aluminum poured around tree roots
Saw this rock shaped like a computer mouse
Multi-layer light up clock
Found a secret card in the lid of my Cards Against Humanity box (bigger blacker box)
My Karma and Reddit age are the exact same digits.
This cell tower disguised as a tree
The Kelpies in Scotland. Two large horse sculptures I randomly encountered.
Prairie dog sign in case you've never seen one.
Functionality 100
This bar has a shower curtain for a stall door
My census letter states: "YOUR RESPONSE IS REQUIRED BY LAW"
They way Hulu’s lineup reads... “Hillary, the most dangerous animal of all”
This enormous pizza box (28" pizza)
Kit kat with no waifer in which I indulged on today!
Play-Doh scented fragrance. Really delivers as advertised.
These concrete slabs are shaped like sandbags at this WW2 museum.
I took over 200 photos of bikers in the same intersection and composited them together to make this "Where's Waldo" of bikers. Enjoy pixel peeping!
This mural of Will Smith in West Philly
There was a duck that landed in my pool.
Saw this today, that's a lot of water.
This onion looks like a clam after it was cut.
Uniform bubbles
This is the entrance to an amusement park inside a shopping centre in Muscat, capital of Oman.
I knew it...
I got a double-sized bag of fruit snacks!
Rusted over crane i found at the beach
Bike stand with pump and tethered tools- on a paved trail in Boise, Idaho. QR code provides bicycle maintenance instructions.
What happen this time?
This sanitary door opener at my favorite bar
this flash sheet of coronavirus themed tattoos for Friday the 13th in my small Arkansas town
What a difference a $1,000 makes between tattoos.
I knew the stain on my work carpet floor looked familiar!! Nailed it!!
I had a very unfortunate cookie.
A dog I know found an albino gopher.
The Grumpkin (Grape Pumpkin)
GIF of the reflective black bag I bought at C2E2 a few weeks ago!
Made a clip of the reflective black bag that I bought at C2E2.
Part of my driveway dries faster than the other
Friday night at the movies. The silver lining in this post apocalyptic corona world.
Spacing of the wholes on this insect nest
Miniature 1,000 page hardcover book in the palm of my hand.
A double rainbow during a several hour storm.
I have the same mug as Terry on Brooklyn 99
Accumulation Anomaly
The inside of my husband’s baseball hat is a bit irritated.
This head of lettuce looks a bit like a brain
With everything going on - this page forwarded by a friend of mine makes it even scarier
This tiny lemon.
Homemade toilet paper [google trends]
Join our gym, get tp
Saw this at a tech store
A stalagmite formed in my ice cube tray.
Probably the best double rainbow I've ever personally witnessed
This quote made me pause. Screen grab
Costco now using lids that don’t need straws at the food court
It's still good right?
This cornflake shaped like Australia
Flight patterns and concentration in the Pacific Ocean versus the Atlantic Ocean
There's a spirit of an angry old man trapped in my bathroom.
My driveway was sealed up to this point yesterday, then it rained today.
This cooked and uncooked pork loin separated by a vein of fat
Chick-Fil-A rain suits
The first 7 digits of my gift card codes are the same.
A subway cease and desist document framed at a hot dog restaurant.
The way this house is painted
Coconuts shell came off without braking the white
If you ever wondered what happens if you put your phones in 2 different time zones, here you go :)
This natural Illuminati symbol on a tree
A two-person karaoke pod at the mall
What they didnt tell you about the corona virus
A U-Turn stoplight
Plastic shelves at work (Disney) with Mickey ears to lock in another shelve.
This mutant daisy
I found a peach ring without a hole in the middle (the other is a normal peach ring)
Some sexy ass tiddies
My tea strainer whistles
Some of my onions started growing in my cupboard
This line in the Kick-Ass comic ages well
My friend heard I was running out of food so he sent me food... and stickers.
In case you were wondering: An M costs 5p in central London
This pie costs $3.14
My mom found a weed in a bag of cilantro
These unusually large chicken eggs - fresh from the farmer
This graffiti based around a drainage pipe
I Stiched my own wound up and I think I did OK...
Now I’m mildly curious as to what results come up from searching “corona virus” on PornHub
This really small body wash replica. I have no idea where it came from.
Stuck at home, slightly bored, and found a 5 leaf clover.
These stalls that show which are occupied
More legit COVID19 advice from a fortune cookie
The way my hair curled up under the bridge of my glasses looks like a cartoony nose!
Light Relecting From My Rooms Window
The way my hair curled up under the bridge of my glasses to look like a nose
I thought that was very sweet that my school thought of the parents whose kids don’t have much to do at home when not at school, and its ungraded as well as not mandatory
Amidst the toilet paper panic, I thought everyone would like to know that the hotel I'm staying in has red toilet paper.
Swarm of ocean plankton. They are attracted to light and swarm divers at night. I didn't know this until it was too late
I guess this package is a Macho Nacho Pony
Sunlight shining through the raindrops on my window screen
My massage ball looks like coronavirus
The water drops on my sunroof.
The gummy legos I bought today really fit together!
My crisps look like a Nike air
My odometer hit 66,666.6 miles on Friday the 13th.
Smol pineapple gummy (regular gummy for size comparison)
This chart that could help you with shoe sizing
The r/Drugs subreddit has a really cute mascot and I like it a lot
You can only use every other table in this McDonalds
Masturbate matches...from a lotion company
Amazon did not skimp on the size when delivering toilet paper - normal one on the right for scale ;)
Dropped my soap!
Sent a snap to my friend, they pointed out how the light makes it look like I have eye shadow on, thought it was cool
Since schools in Scotland aren't closing they are putting up posters to prevent spread of the Coronavirus.
Day 1 of bird egg in its nest, in our spring wreath, on our glass front door.
Where all the toilet paper is hiding
Barack Obama, about to enjoy a meal
The barcode was growing a bit too tall...
This bouncy ball has a distorted creepy face
The contents of my 3-year-old’s “purse”
I just got this email from just eat. Can anyone verify if this is legitimate or has anyone else got this? Just took me by surprise.
My friend works in a factory that produces toilet paper and paper towels. This is the line of trucks waiting to be loaded.
Poe's Law. (not like i didnt give a ton of clues. "fancy book learnin... Come on!
coronavirus predicted in a book published in 1981
coronavirus predicted in a book published in 1981
coronavirus predicted in a book published in 1981
The way this cactus pancaked out
My bacon cuts look like pixels
My brother is a cashier. My Dad is in IT. Don’t buy in bulk! Smh
Coronavirus Risk and Death Rate Statistics for Various Demographics
I have fixed it
My Grandfather’s acceptance certificate into the Phi Beta Kappa Fraternity from 1951.
Tree swallows sign at my grandmothers house
The cheese content of the stuffed crust my local pizzeria happily ignores in the calorie counts
This snakes unique coloring
I love it when I can watch my drill press work these spirals out
What happens when I open reddit while taking a call
Man's sign says Jesus is coming soon!
„Art“ with a old and an new 20 Swiss franc banknote.
I wonder if this comes in different flavours?!
Down 17% to 8:23. But feel glued to my screen all day on COVID. How do I compare to anyone else? Is there like a Screen Time Zombie Rating?
The top of this coupon book
WTF dettol new about the coronavirus in August 2019
These seagulls aligning in the same direction on a 30 km/h windy day
This oddly square gap in the clouds today
The condensation on this plastic cup
I found a weird looking Shaggy in my Spain book.
This painting of a guy’s (facial?) hair
The handle to the hatch opener of my trunk is glow-in-the-dark for my captives to have an easier time escaping
These potato’s
Consider me f**ked
My best friend has DID (dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder) and her different alters have different writing styles. (got her approval to post this to spread awareness)
This tiny Qur'an my dad found 25 years ago
The hospital I visited was screening people before entry for COVID-19 and stamping peoples' hands when they were cleared
The total amount and time of charge match on my receipt.
This lemon shaped barcode on my sprite bottle
I just found the original and a repost on another sub
A legit and great idea
My girlfriends mum forgot to bring her glasses to a restaurant, but they had a supply of spares.
My life right now ...
I went into the dentist today and got my teeth cleaned in a massage chair
All of the vitamin C supplements at my local Target are gone
My flight number
My flight number
Shark in a pond theater
Fortnite Academy
My odometer today, Friday the 13th
Found this homemade blades hidden very well under the stairs during renos on our 60 year old house
I’m on a train that takes you from the city to the mountain and it has special rails: for snow: skiis for sun: bikes
This chocolate has a different font for the nutrition facts label than normal.
What happen this time?
Restaurant brings the bill in a mini treasure box.
Giant clover I found
Street crossing in Prague has picture of the kid wearing a propeller hat
The hole in this window kind of looks like Shrek
Due to Coronavirus the cinema has prebooked seats so no large groups sit together
This lizard is wearing eyeliner.
I too managed to get the mark of the beast on Friday the 13th
I ordered some new gloves for my shop, and they came with a little copy of the US Constitution.
Looks like people use #1 for their pin
This cookie is a face
Handsome Discount. Made me smile.
I drew a superhero on a whiteboard
This restaurant
The forbidden chair
My paycheck today is $666.13
This ripped duct tape on a window looks like Africa
Someone put a fake outlet on this pole
This red Jello mold I made that nearly fit the plate perfectly.
Holding down the up- or downvote button on mobile will highilght a text saying what it is. It doesn't work on the other buttons on the row, oddly enough.
Some questionable examples in my son’s old letter chart.
This visually impaired friendly dog treat box
This lake is used for hydropower. No water enters during winter, so the ice layer is lowered with the water being tapped, cracking open when it hits obstacles.
My grapefruit has a mohawk
Found an old map from the 90s in a garbage dump. Noticed there was some train tracks that aren't there now and found this abandoned train station
Smiley orange
Heisenberg cocktail... with crystals.
Scratched myself while skating, kinda looks like an elevator button going down the rabbit hole called sleeve (didn’t know where to post, will delete if wanted)
It’s been raining alot... leak made this in my wall.
There were two fortune cookies instead of one. Both with fortunes
Today we received our Baby Box, a Scottish Government provided box for those expecting a baby. The box is also a small bed for the baby!
no smoking sign at a park in montreal
Zoomed in on Best Buy on Maps and it showed me where different products are located inside the store!
An ice crystal out of my frozen berry jar.
apparently people in my neighborhood are panic purchasing avocados
What is this? I found it while cleaning,if you know what this is please tell me.
My classmate's phone cracked enough to reveal the wireless charging coil
Got this in London a few years back.
This is a cane that has been in my family since the 19th century. It is shorter then one meter
Just found Christmas marshmallows in this regular box of lucky charms
Walmart’s TP/paper towel shelves are see-through when empty
Last Night My Car Hit 111111 Miles And I Actually Got a Pic Of It
My house is really quite wonky
This view from a window that looks like a phone’s wallpaper
This gas station covered the gap in the stall!
The thud was worth it. Neighbors getting rid of a tree.
Corona virus has landed in my state so I've been experiencing the thrall of people buying us out of toilet paper but unexpectedly, my self checkout machine ran out of quarters and dimes.
What the outside of Architects of Air looks like (if you don't know what this is search it up it's really cool)
The same but also...not
A Restaurant in Freiburg, Germany where you pee into musical instruments.
Today’s New Yorker cartoon on a calendar seems rather fitting.
This snowman that practically built (melted) itself.
This snowman that practically built (melted) itself.
My brother's size 18 feet in dress shoes
This men’s bathroom inside a vault. The women’s bathroom is outside it
My freckles look like Orion
Cracked screen protector is interesting
a van on a billboard outside has working headlights and the stars light up
Pulled this nail out of our apartments wall when we moved in...buildings 100 years old
The biggest German delivery plattform Lieferando introduced contactless delivery today. If you paid in advance you can check a box for no-contact-delivery and they will just ring the doorbell and leave the food in front of your door.
Water deer have sharp canine teeth instead of horns
Wave to open, automatic door
Created a spoof number to sign up for an app yesterday. Today I get this random text from someone trying to come into work sick. Handled accordingly.
A temporary CoVID-19 testing facility.
Bubble trapped under ice in pail
They got 666 and I got 888 on Friday the 13th!
Jummmpp!
This pencil I found
This tree grew at a sideways angle for literally no reason
Portrait mode on my phone made his face look very weird
Onion that sprouted in a cabinet.
You can't sit in front of the bus anymore because of concerns for Corona virus (Netherlands)
My neighbors motorcycle themed mailbox
Line to enter into my local Sam’s Club
I think this sums up this shopping frenzy going on in response to Covoid-19 pretty well. Taken outside of the May's Landing BJs.
This elevator door.. door
How the lines moved on this page after a damp cup was sitting on it
This real-life toilet door symbol
Found this hand sanitizer that expired in August of 1999! Hope it still works
An onion I forgot in my cabinet that sprouted.
This painted stone I found
The numbers printed on my ice cream
This customs declaration form for visitors to North Korea
Hi! I am an Italian designer and I love New York ❤️ So much that she always wants to take her with me...
I'm the whaaat?
My coworker remade the labels for our disinfectant wipes
The treasury in my home town is a fallout shelter
Bird swooped into my shot at the perfect moment
Tournament Scrabble scoresheet from the 2004 national championship
Rubber laptop or steel USB?
The way the sun shines through the vapour from my ice pack
my local hurts is giving away free toilet paper when you buy donuts
My pencil’s lead came loose.
Not *quite* enough water to cover the bottom
This fact interests me mildly
For our German classes curriculum, we got to make gnomes out of wooden figures, cloth, and string. [Added badge because he be looking fresh]
Cut away of a merry go round
A bisected dandelion seed pod
This sunset in Malaysia
Forgot about this guy for months. When I picked it up the bulb was basically empty - crushed like a napkin.
This little slug just hanging out
This Chine Ming Dynasty note from the late 1300s came across my desk today
This Change Machine still takes $2 bills
I left my stopwatch on
I was cutting some weeds with a sickle and managed to accidentally bisect a dandelion with its seeds.
amazon is sold out of toilet paper
My apple grew a bumhole
The seek on this playlist is a lightsaber, link to playlist in comments.
My blackberry that looks part raspberry
The more you know.
The dust spread out from these plastic circles on my tv cable cover plate
Apparently Papa Murphys thinks one email address is more broke than another
The face on this pan lid
These 2 pictures of my kids were taken exactly 3 years apart, son from 12 to 15, daughter 14 to 17.
A smiley corn I found at lunch yesterday
No scarfs tomorrow
Ice sculptures from my furnace
This advertisement advertising advertisements
A blood clot formed in the exact shape of a man's lung passage. Then he coughed it up.
Why is the pride version made up of all white skittles??
Why is the pride version all-white skittles???
This iPod old enough to be displayed in a musuem
In response to South Korea having TP... meanwhile in Canada...
My local Walmart has placed a limit on buying water
This toilet door symbol, that looks like a mother puking on her baby. (Spotted in real life!)
All the stamps I've collected over the years
The sunlight refracts from the glass panel on the staircase into a rainbow
Reddit in my media textbook
The grocery panic has hit Iceland, which is moving to restrict everything starting Sunday
I had a half Oreo fused to my original Oreo
Boss made this at work
This Austrian fire liqueur with a sugar wall inside
The bathroom at my school added lyrics to go with proper hand washing
This Hello Kitty soy sauce
This Hello Kitty soy sauce
My new jeans came with a hidden fortune inside
A picture I took when I stumbled upon two curious cats in Istria, Croatia.
This face in the bathroom at work
Toad crossing near where I live
I broke an egg to cook it and this happened.
One branch poked into my greenhouse and is in full leaf, not one bud open on the rest of the tree.
A downvote rat
Updoot 777 on order 666 on Friday the 13th also credit to: u/cosmfox
This...statue thing my boyfriend has
Spiky frost this morning
This weird decay in the banana I was gonna eat this morning (I didn’t eat it)
STOP BUYING CHINESE PRODUCTS @ ALL COST- THIS HEADLINE NEEDS TO WAKE PEOPLE UP!
I found a rock that looks like a piece of pie.
I collect stamps, so I bought 1kg worth for £5
Someone put skeletons in their yard doing stuff
My local Freshco
My Local Walmart’s toilet paper situation
Local Safeway wiped clean
On SanDisk’s packaging, they use an SD card backdrop for flash drives
On SanDisk’s packaging, they use an SD card backdrop for flash drives
A world Map produced in Ancient Grease.
Had to improvise when upper management said we have to work from home. However it is a luxury many don't have. Stay safe everyone. Wash your freaking hands.
You inconsiderate mf
A mint tictac in a lime and orange tictac box
A mint tictac in a lime and orange tictac box
My Hand Sanitiser Expired 14 Years Ago!
This well placed sign has been repeatedly crushed in the very pinch point it warns of.
The light through my blinds gave my dog a cool stripe
Blackcircles let you recommend beer as a reward for good customer service
This blind owl has stars in its eyes
My local eye doctor's phone number ends in 20|20.
A little heart in my latte
Potato with a secret star inside.
All of my Apple charges right now
Bird hit the window at work/ Bird is fine!
Found a old Sony
This dragon hiding in this oco geode I cut open
I found a grape inside of my grape
6 Olympic records that probably will never be broken.
The troll face the water made when it spilled on my laptop.
Toilet paper isle of a state with no confirmed infected residents
When you know exactly where your front bumper is when parking~
This beach of vibing seals, Oregon Coast. [Sorry for darkness]
The recycling sign on a pack of Quavers has a guy siting on a cloud.
The air tube from the Melodica Men connects pretty nicely with the exponential curve from 3Blue1Brown
My dad’s rigged hand-san setup in his work truck.
This cheerio is darker than all the others in my bowl of cereal
I wrote this years ago &amp; forgot about it. Just found it again by accident.
The woodnerves of the bishop on my grandfathers chess make it like he isn't enjoying the game
The cleaning wipes section at my local target.
This scar on my finger looks like dirt
Two onions in one.
Someone at IKEA made dinner table with two sharks
The way the moonlight warped on the glass
I glanced at my phone... They just canceled school because of COVID for a month - it's 9:11 and Friday the 13th.
I found these strawberries in one box
this cup
Outside dining illusion.
I found these cat shaped candies from Korea...
A button for panicking
The one bottle for my shot that was under the sun was the only translucent one I had.
Fortune cookie attempts to give me advice about current events.
My girlfriend bought a bottle of vitamin water with an interesting flavor name.
This tree near me is consuming the fence built around it
This homemade chicken that almost perfectly resembles an anatomically correct human heart. [OC]
My pack of Doritos
Do i need to say anything?
Remember that time Elsa went over to the Dark Side?
People have pulled apart a hole in this fence at the exact right spot to take a picture of the runway lights lined up.
Legit thought these were Dr Who official mineral water
NYC subway 3-13-20 8:00am
A slow motion video of a lightbulb
The way I perfectly emptied my pen over the last few months at school
when looking up "coronavirus" on Google it will come up with everything you need to know
My girlfriend found these all over her school. Some teacher must not have looked at what she was printing.
I found the wholly golden minion
Someone has planted a community herb garden in my local area
Mutant apple
The mirror in my bathroom reflected an image of the building outside onto my wall
Everyone saying they taken the cleaning supplies but they really taken the bread
Canada geese standing on the roof of a warehouse
I made a short reed
This really obscure electronics connector (from a laboratory analyser).
This suddenly relevant fortune I opened a mere week ago.
This old wine I found in my parents basement
Picture in my bathroom reminds me of covid 19
I hit 13,000 Karma on Friday 13th. Don't really know what to do with that info, but it seems like a mildly interesting coincidence
The current toilet paper situation in South Korea during its COVID-19 outbreak
science bitc-
This restaurant I'm eating dinner at has calligraphy?
The number of comments in relation to this picture.
I found a split end in my beard
My peanut butter decided to levitate today
we all live and die
My empty plane from Tokyo to Honolulu
Newly installed in our office. You press the button, you get wet.
Swedish fish came with my Swedish backpack
Reality... Can be whatever I want
I got order 666 on Friday the 13
This cloud factory in France. All clouds are made here.
My secondary school was established in 1810 and we managed to find some really old graffiti behind one of the window frames in my maths class. This one by Wilson was the oldest.
How my cat with heterochromia looks with a camera flash
Each week our health department updates us on any new covid cases in the state. Here’s the weekly update that includes Tom Hanks &amp; Rita as new cases.
The shade from my furniture preserves the last snow we have from this winter
Crisps Boy
I found a light switch that can be balanced
Trimming the climbers in my garden today. Noticed an unoccupied bird best. I stopped this work immediately and covered the nest with some extra branches around it.
The senate will decide your fate
Song created by a neural network based on Eurovision tunes &amp; verses. (With considerable human involvement, though, so meh...)
These dogs dressed up as lions at Harajuku, Japan
This perfectly circular puddle of water.
All mainstream crosswords can be rotated 180° and still maintain the same grid pattern
This Danish 50 Øre coin i found, is completely green
This airlines advertisement looks like Hitler.
Had to empty out my bean bag, had no idea the beans took up so much space
[Humor] How my body reacts to the corona virus
A cone stuck to the wheels on the bus
The 7 on this clock is just an upside down 2
A mosquito with my Blood.
This multi-unit birdhouse
These French sugar packets are calling me Daddy.
My pizza crust got deformed when I froze it in the fridge. But when I microwaved it, it became a hot pocket
Thought it said Reddit when I first walked past
Just in case you forgot.
My friend has amassed a collection of over 100 copies of Shrek on VHS
A no scope bottle, interesting.
This double wrapped ice-cream.
A stand for bikers to hold on to while waiting for the traffic lights in Sweden.
This sign at my school
A snail made of ice
The cashier looked at it and said 'The devil's number'
You can ski into two different countries from the top of the mountain at this point near Iscgl
The science of soap - here’s how it kills the Coronavirus
A library built in minecraft
A scented copy of James and the Giant Peach!
I left my orange juice on the table for 2 hours and this is what happened
This tiny bug I found stuck between a table and a glass panel
This guy collected stickers from all failed presidential campaigns
Was scratching my head when a strand of hair entered my skin
This block of cheese with a hole right through the middle of it.
The end of my chapstick
A mutant nut (and a regular one on the right)
You’re not allowed to make contact/ come even near the busdriver so the public transport can operate as long as possible
The final destination of when you do your "duty" and flush the toilet. Fecal matter that has been processed at a wastewater plant and turned into fertilizer pellets.
The end of my chapstickv
This is a real listing
Twisted wands
This Artpiece at the Nashville airport looks coincidentally close to renderings of Coronavirus
2 bananas fused into one!
Most card games my family plays only require around half the deck (9 and higher). You clearly see the which cards are 2-8 and which are 9-Ace by how dirty/worn they are.
This hybrid baby found in a bag full of 1/2 regular 1/2 blue corn tortilla chips
My mom used to record Friends episodes on vhs and label them with a full description for each one.
This is what the inside of a 5x5 rubiks cube looks like
My misspelled fortune or it’s calling me short
They are of the same length.
Largest piece of beef jerky I've ever seen
One side of my Oreo was upside down
This one yellow carrot in a bag of babies.
The beautiful sky at our frontyard
A picture I found in a haunted house in Sacramento years ago
this window sticker against advertisement
This custom Tesla we found while biking
Floating mountain
big bird and possé
Spanish Frosted Flakes found in American Walmart
How this peep looks like a gang member who killed another peep
My notifications are the number as the year my dad as born!
So I think I kinda accidentally predicted this coronavirus meltdown and guys I’m really, really sorry...
Several of the eggs from this carton have two stripes.
Staples from posters after four decades
Cat print on human
Some guy did this over our school
Found this in my class, is this interesting enough?
A belt press squeezing the water out of poop ready to be cooked and turned into fertilizer. This is after it has gone through the biological treatment of a wastewater plant.
I am behind the red dot &lt;roughly&gt; at the NSP 10th anniversary in Chicago.
My friend has logged his food in MyFitnessPal every day for almost 7 years now
The way his suit compliments the vase.
This book written 40 years ago predicted this virus for 2020 written by Dean Koontz
Storm clouds at sunset above Honolulu around this time in 2018.
Waiting for an oil change with this guy.
This tree growing around the fence
Have you ever seen a u-turn traffic light? I hadn’t until today.
this Dutch pour i made.......
The indents my sock left on my foot
This bike shaped patch of dry ground
One way to point the importance of washing hands.
Author Dean Koontz accurately predicts the Coronavirus in a book from 1981.
A tree had to die, then be cut up into pieces just so it could supprt this tree...
Google search trend for "Bidet" over the last 90 days
this Dutch pour i made.......
My wife’s gold fish didn’t quite get stamped out
The way my cup glows in the sun
This 3 in 1 soap, water, and dry station
Time traveler ey? This explains his corona virus prediction.
The new US quarter dollar.
This stray cat I found in Shanghai has cool eyes
My root beer float looks like a frappucino
This restaurant charges a 1.00$ cake cutting fee
Weird freckle on my eye
Quarantine outfit
Somebody paid with a 2 dollar bill
Let's make Corona Beer do this?
This sad lad.
The way this pasta stood up when done cooking
Spaghetti didn't get cut like the rest
This onion my mum found in our basement, the others in the bag had no sprouting at all but this one grew like crazy on its own
Perfect math leading to a $69.69 groceries receipt.
Perfect math leading to a $69.69 grocery receipt.
Spiders bachelor pad with in home lighting
This filthy sink:
This toilet paper shortage is real yall!
invisible to bate eye dark cloud AZ&lt;CALI
I found a seed pod that looks like Corona Virus
This radiator
Someone gave this ad silver
Seven comic artists from the 70's draw the same figure in their own way.
I am -1:02 into this video
I’ve never seen hawks like this in the city.
Apparently, it's come to this - Norway
I went back to check out this thread I made, and...
Two mosquito hawks attached to each other
My local Starbucks has a page that offers song lyrics to sing while you wash your hands for 20 seconds.
The way my arrival time, minutes till arrival and miles till arrival aligned.
my power strip was assembled in Mexico in May 22, 1991
Day 1 od braces, not super excited about this
This turd looks like a snake crawling up the toilet bowl
This onion my mum found in our basement, the others in the bag were normal and hadn't sprouted
This Tiki man born from Sweet Potato
My grandma has a mini fan and light on the switches so you know what which one turns on what
Saw an albino grey squirrel while at a university open day.
The position of my knee cap after I snapped my platella tendon Jan 23rd, with bone fragments (there as also fragmentation off my femur)
This pasta straw at an Italian restaurant
The colour messed up on my bag of crisp (left). Bag on the right for reference
During sudden downpours, succulents can absorb massive amounts of water so quickly and their root systems are so shallow, that they will literally topple over like this.
A nice reflection in a reflecting pool; I think I flipped the picture upside down at some point and saved over the original.
This is Oliver Ocsek - in the Ohio senate from 1975-1980. But I think he looks JUST LIKE Drew Carey.
this unrolled taki
My friend spotted this out!
In Australia, “original” Doritos are just plain salted tortilla chips as opposed to the “original” nacho cheese flavor.
This sign above the water fountain in school
This restaurant added a second handle inside their men’s room today
wheaties is the only cereal without a picture of the actual cereal on the boxes
This tomato with the seeds growing inside
Odd-sock sock
Tomatillo Skeletons
These four Goldfish stuck together
I have Iraqi Dinar with Saddam Hussein pictured from my band's USO tour in Iraq in 2005.
Karting and Lucha Libre in Fulbeck Cart Circuit, UK
Sydney yesterday. Unfortunately the clouds got in the way
my cat has a soul
These “unauthorized” Ruffles
Store bought lemon (left) vs. my homegrown lemon (right)
Co worker today... didn’t take it off or speak one word for 8 hours
The way this Last of Us background dude lines up with the Inside game logo
The canelitas box continues the pattern
This dog with glasses in a sidecar
This barrier collapsed outward from filling so much up with rain...
After working months to get to state, it got canceled due to coronavirus
This clean break
Very localized weather
What he invented again?
Chick-Fil-A removed all condiments from store due to COVID-19 concerns.
This oddly long book in the library
This oddly long book in the library
Package of fruit snacks was all the same flavor. Sadly, it was orange.
For the first time in my life, I’ve used all the ink in a pen without using it.
the coordination of the time, temperature and battery level on my watch
This rude butter stain
This comb that is a knife too
This grocery store makes it seem like my city's going through a pandemic haha
The catacombs in Paris (mass underground burial site) have a 0 euro bill for sale
How my cat puts his leg on his tail when sleeping so it doesn’t twitch
All because of this little guy.
Dried mud on a construction site that looks like layered chocolate Easter eggs
This very large potato chips joined, maybe is not what you expected but I liked it
When did credit cards start using weight as a differentiator in their advertising?
This box of hair color made me do a double take today
A lifeguard truck got stuck on a sand dune.
My pack of push pins from the stationery store looks like the happiest little Coronavirus
My pack of push pins from the stationary store looks like the happiest little Coronavirus
This double mushroom
Shelves through the US due to Corona virus
The Canelitas bocks continues the pattern
Chili oil and superior chili oil at this store
This pothole on my street looks like Australia
Found a stem in my bag of Pistachios
There's to Fortune cookies in this pack
My shadow was striped
Thanks Google
This tree trunk swallowed the chain link fence that was in its way
the heart shaped tubing on this trumpet (i think it’s a trumpet? correct me if i’m wrong)
One of the Avocado pencils I got for my birthday was missing an eye, so I drew in an eyepatch!
The way the Apple ripened around it’s sticker
Something in my collection. Interesting to me
My phone clock icon keeps the actual time.
The inside of a soda foundation at a local gas station
My Donald Trump Toilet Paper.
This happens to a dog when it chews gum
I just opened my math notebook and saw this perfect match between the lines
This hand washing sign
The snow on my ski made a penis
Apparently my neighbor died and his apartment was full of mannequins. They moved them all out to the street today
A modern day fossil
my Sony Mavica camera - circa 2001 with 1.44 MB of floppy disk storage
There were two knives in the packaging instead of one
Finaly. I knwo what YMCA means.
Bathroom of a random little restaurant I went to. Yes, those are Andes chocolates!
Thunderstorm passing through Egypt right now.
The lid to a bottle of jelly
Our dog's toy looks like coronavirus
A painting my wife bought years ago fell off the wall, revealing another painting underneath.
Assorted chocolate coins from The Netherlands
When nature tells you it’s too early for the sprinklers.
As a protective measure (for customers and staff), my supermarket has replaced their salad bar with the same items pre-packaged.
Hand sanitizer has been placed on my apartment complex to prevent the coronavirus from spreading
The new menu at this place in Chinatown
This goofball tree growing out of the side of an abandoned building
My son broke off part of his lollipop and said, look, pac-man!
How this heppn
Toilet paper at Costco today.
The lack of people on this tram during rush hour in corona times
Picture at back of truck for open illusion
This weird block of ice was left under my trash can when we moved it... thought it was kinda cool o guess.
The insane amount of graffiti in this ski lift hut
Green bagels
Letter from my insurance provider came in 65 different languages.
This “touch free” bathroom door handle
Made a mold and wax replica of my face in sculpture class
This plague doctor on my campus
The Root GO shockproof iPhone XS case has a carabiner on the top so I hung it on the car...
This plaque doctor on my campus
My fan has labeled pull strings.
My painkiller and Poweraid lids are interchangable.
A rock that looks like it has been censored
A kid at my school is making this with a laser cutter the school has
Cool pass time
While building a new entertainment center, I found these 3 screws wedged together.
I found these plague finger puppets while shopping at Wegmans.
This guy has taken 223 (I counted) photos of the back of the other guys head
A year later, “plant through wall” has returned and appears to be flourishing
Found Waldo in my city
My parents brought home 5% milk
This toilet roll swallowed up by the toilet paper
Can’t make it up, perfect placement.
This advertisement by where I live.
This cat has a fox skin
This measuring cup is modeled after the sauce pan it came with.
This piece of shipment foam on a safe that looks like a keyhole
Germanys precautions during the corona Outbreak. You can't enter through the two doors close to the driver and you can now only buy tickets at the Automat.
How my school is defending the spread of Corona virus. (Washington)
darth vader at the beach
My jacket came with 17 labels appended to it
My chipotle burrito bowl had a leaf in it
Bought a bag of baby carrots and got a bonus
A hex bolt that didn’t get cut out
The things my husband hoards
German tram operator put a fence around the driver capsule to protect them from germs
I bought food at Burger King and they gave me a penny from Canada
My spoon with mashed potatoes looked vaguely like a kawaii Donald Trump
The way this aubergine looks so happy with its eyes
I took this picture at 12:29
These pencil-shaped bollards outside a school in Bristol
This reference from a book in the 1980s
Easy to open Lid for a Jar
Pedestrian light in Trafalgar Square
This pepper I have that's neither male nor female. I dont know if that's good or bad.
The wrapper messages on halls cough drops
The toilet paper aisle in Sam's Club right now.
I just clean-cut aluminum for the first time. Am I the only one who thought this was impossible?
The shadow of our vacuum cleaner made the shape of an eye. Not sure how the pupil is made tho.
I found this poor seagull this morning. Dude was missing most of his leg.
A moose went through my yard last night.
Playing Mario Party with my boyfriend saw what looked like a crack in the TV. Closer I saw it was a spider. It was was placed perfectly on a fern so thought it was part of the animation. Switch to COD and the spider is still there. Go to kill it just to find out it’s somehow on the inside of the TV.
Introducing this weird cup
This mermaid toy lost her top.
Really neat writing of the word "better"
I came across a white bluebonnet today
Perpetually Falling Bin Stuck in Ice
The neck of this Bud Light bottle sticking out of the base of a tree I walked by.
Bear with ice and snow covering it
My one of my grandma’s tree fell and it landed perfectly in another tree.
my tiny painted cactus grew another cactus that shows its real color
This fiver I received with my change.
My Friend Found A Massive Taki (normal taki for comparison)
This unopened concaved can of Cherry Vanilla Coke Zero
This unopened bent can of Cherry Vanilla Coke Zero
The way this vine grew over a motorcycle
The way this thread from my shorts stuck in the air due to static electricity
Water Dance
This 3 inch screw with no threads.
My chicken lays crinkled eggs
To get my mind off coronavirus, I calculated how long it would take the universe to end (no matter, no nothing). What have you guys been doing?
Interesting Eggplant
My fiancee and I unknowingly bought each other the same cards for our anniversary.
My boss ties pieces of paper to his hoodie so he remembers to look at it later
Blooming plant looks like coronavirus
This bus driver is prepared for the virus
The foam in my soda bottle is iridescent
You can clean Indian head pennies with just a polyester eraser (polyester only) (cleaned side on the right and uncleaned side on the left)
Ring made out of an obsidian superconductor, an expensive conductor used to power MRI and particle accelerators
The way this rock looks.
Coincidence?? Eyes of Darkness by Dean Koontz. Published 1981
The Knack makes a come back
A hawk slammed into our window so hard it shit
The price on this Rockstar sign is a blank number grid that the shopkeeper fills in with marker to indicate their price
This lizard is wearing eyeliner.
The outsole designs of my sandals have pretty unwise mantras at this point in time
Blue redbox I found at a local Walmart
The way the back of these boats is cut out to allow for a tugboat to push it
Guess what it is. No, for real, take a guess.
My cat was stuck outside
I found the Mystery Machine
I made an origami owl
I found a small manderin in a manderin
The way these two posts lined up for me.
This is an exposed trash bag ring (yes I know the carpet is stained)
Shrek's loo found as decoration at a hospital
Three different film channels uploaded Frozen 2 videos a couple hours or minutes apart
This apple has twin seeds!
This timber office gives you a drink when you leave
Palm Tree Bow
These two cats eyeing each other up
These two cats eyeing each other up
My pepper is pregnant with a smaller pepper
Dunkin Donuts is now officially known as Dunkin’ in advertisements
Looks like many people find buying Corona beer funny
My hotel room is equipped with Michael Scott's TV
These two cats eyeing each other up
These two cats eyeing each other up
These two cats eyeing each other up
This full moon in broad daylight. Not the most interesting thing today, but its something
This spot on a concrete step looks like a fossilized imprint of a perch
This close up of a microscopic worm
My local grocery store had this ice cream with lids so you can see what it looks like
By Sam Jackson...
A cloud that looks like Austria kind of
This Japanese music game
I was told y'all might like this: Snakes in my yard making their own Celtic knot
This uncircumcised Clorox bottle
Found burs in storage made in the Soviet Union at the dental office I work at in the USA
Organic weed killer. Vinegar, salt and dishwashing soap. It works.
Get Extra - Coffee v. Corona
Instead of a chair rail on this muraled wall, there's a cleat on the floor to protect it.
My hand have sunburn that looks like corals
I found an N&amp;N in my McFlurry
I peeled an egg
This chicken nugget in my lunch shaped vaguely like the Millennium Falcon
My Art instructor found 2 #001 unusual Bob Ross prints in a thrift store.(this is the second, I posted the first earlier.)
Mona Lisa Created By Paintball
Wife found a heart shaped potato!
Prevent coronavirus transmission by avoiding close contact. "What?" - Finnish person probably
School shut down. Assignments portion of teams crashed. For my entire school.
I found this funny little addition to a battery bin.
Miniature emergency toilet paper I came across at an antique mall. Could be handy with all those hoarding TP because of Coronavirus
My icecube maker sometimes makes hollow icecubes
How clean this chocolate bar broke
This milk container has writings on the cap
These algae bubbles in a pond in Cambodia. OC
The plumbing for a shower at Casa Loma
The movie theater on my base is using the old Sonic design for its promotional material.
My citys mall installed these foot door openers on toilets so you don't have to touch the doorknobs
The movie theater on my base is using the old Sonic design for its promotional material.
The movie theater on my base is using the old Sonic design for its promotions material.
Cheap lighter reminds me it's a cheap lighter
My friend stocking up his fridge for the corona virus
Japanese Soda (Ramune)
Big truck, little wheels
A calculator inside a car from 2002
My Art Instructor found in a thrift store an original #001 Bob Ross print of something unlike any of his other work. P.s. she has another that is equally weird if you want to see more.
This code to my sprite
I found this 1970s box of matches in perfect condicion in a house while i was doing duct cleaning. would be cool if someone actually know the year.
Both the nes and snes control pad start and select buttons are off centre.
I was about to put on my new pants when I noticed some text on the inside. The text at the end was a surprise to be sure but a very welcomed one.
how the area around the pyramids of giza looks after a strong rain storm hit egypt
The lead that remained in a pencil that was burned.
CVS is an acronym for Corona Virus Supplies
The residue in my coffee cup looks like a pokeball
My school principal just announced that whoever was found stealing hand sanitizer would be written up to the cops (NJ).
This parking spot for disabled pole-dancers
This package of plantain chips comes with it’s own packet of Valentina hot sauce
Got 3 different prints of the same bill
Apparently Trump isn’t allowing hospitals to utilize the coronavirus tests? Is this real?!
This tree grew into itself.
Red glowing coal on Shisha/Hookah.
This fused daisy...
This blue red box I found at a local Walmart
Flames cut by the wind.
Gum I stuck to a sign 15 years ago is still there.
The cell in the bottom right corner of excel is XFD1048576
DQ has door handles that look like spoons.
Work instruction of how to wash your hand.
This road name in Dorset, UK. [OC]
Coronavirus drove up the price of this movie
This high school lab table has so many gum rappers that it looks like it was made with metal
This table at my school looks like it has Reese’s Cups for feet.
Mistaken YMCA logo as a yield sign and confused for a few minutes..
That time sheep took over a Getty station in Chelsea, NYC. 2013
This table at my school looks like it has Reese’a Cups for feet.
This table at my school looks like it has Reese’a Cups for feet.
This table at my school looks like it has Reese’a Cups for feet.
Found something familiar in a hospital
The side of this school lab table has been covered with so many gum rapers it looks like it was made with metal
My mailman left this note on my late package the other day.
Found it at goodwill
This leaf I found while mowing my lawn
The Salt from the snowy streets cristalized around my shoe lace after a few days
The size of these strawberries
Follow up to the giant bathing lady this is near there, it’s a model Stonehenge but like a 1:1 scale
Found this neat see through leaf
This near perfect leaf skeleton just floated down right in front of me
This U-turn signal
The way this leaf grew as half-flower petal
This crack in the paint that looks like a small slug
The gap in these broken tiles kind of looks like Texas
This utensil that came with my Chinese takeout.
My plane had phone holders
This frozen soldier figure
I got an entire taco in my box of taquitos
My bowl of cereal made a small happy face
This is a US AD-4 who attached a toilet to its bomb rack
Preparation level 9000
Apparently Reddit is a good market for fighter jets.
Instructions on how to use a handcream I just bought.
How the ad lines up with the video.
Texas-shaped puddle
I went to the spot where Hitler did a celebratory photo shoot after taking over France in 1940
This what I call a cabin on wheels
This lizard’s tail look like a sticc
A memorial for a war where one person died
This flower bud that looks like some blueberries
Found an automatic toilet seat cover
I got a tiny little grape in my pack of normal sized grapes
The S&amp;P500 looks like a heart rate monitor
The way we clean the big aquariums back home
The people near my work have a plane in their garden
This old full Pepsi can sat for years on an outside window ledge in a vacant house I bought to rehab. Bulged out from repeated freezing. Other end is the same way
This green seed I found in an orange.
My local bar printed out 20 second lyrics in the bathroom so you can sing back to yourself to make sure you wash your hands thoroughly
This man om my orange
An excerpt from a Sylvia Browne book. I hope she actually got this one right.
This green seed I found in an orange.
My office preparing to send everyone home to work
The duck in this children's book looks like Homer Simpson
Cactus bunny seen on a recent hike.
This is one of the sculptures that the middle school students built.
Toy babies stuffed into a pair of shoes
A street full of black cats
The clouds on my way home looked like mountains
Someone drove with a glass of water on their truck yesterday. It didnt fall off
I think I just made a perfect tick
Italy's way to tell people that everything will be fine.
This book from 1981 talking about a man made virus called «Wuhan-400»
Two rappers on my breakfast muffin
I accidentally made a map of a random European country while cutting my carrots
Thought of one of my favorite time killer games when I saw ABC's graphic on COVID-19 this morning.
my friends phone perfectly matches our table
I received this nickel in some change a few years ago.
There’s a hole in the sky
A cat looking through a bubble
A restaurant with an upside down sign
I fell asleep with my hand on my stomach and woke up with my handprint on my stomach
I fell asleep with my hand on my stomach and woke up with my handprint on my stomach
This flower looks like it’s screaming in terror
In Reykjavík, Iceland, some of the pedestrian lights are female
Dust patterns under a table rug
How my windows fit this morning
The reflection from the bin completes the drain.
mike wazouski sideways looks like a green bird
The condensation on our bedroom window looks like the Grim Reaper!
My tuition teacher numbers all the questions he gives to me in the whole year like this regardless of different chapters (almost like page numbers in a textbook).
Discord &amp; Corona
Fear of coronavirus emptied the streets of Prague
These Nipply Mushrooms I Almost Stepped On
This barcode on protein powder
She died on her 100th birthday
Found this in an instrument storage room at my school.
This bone I found randomly???
I have hufflepuff socks that say slytherin on the bottom
What happen this time?
A really long marshmallow
Brookline has a bunch of turkeys that wander around the neighborhood and attack people + cars
This mailbox
This sign on the highway
Its tru and it can hurt u happy spring break
A skull suspended in amber from the smallest dinosaur ever discovered. Not even the size of a fingertip, the 99-million-year-old fossil was found in a mine in northern Myanmar. (Photo credit: Lida Xing)
The coronavirus was predicted in 1981
These quality Apple matches
There's half of a house next to my workplace.
My gecko finally gave me a good photo opportunity
This door plate for a motel room in Detroit, MI was replaced by a piece of paper because it kept getting stolen.
This robot
The way this tree grew is kinda strange
The staircase in my school has amount of kcal’s burned with each step written on them.
This unusual bruise I got from walking into my bed frame
Rain water stuck between the glass gap on this old bus’ window
Everyone left their hand print on my glass door before leaving after a family reunion
White Sox at Baltimore Is Eerily Silent Due to Empty Seats. This Was Due to the Baltimore Riots of 2015
What kind of stupid order of numbers on a pad is this....?
The difference between old and new ceiling panels in a metal workshop
Help me
A history of the gun emoji
The way this cloud is shaped almost look like a tornado cone shaping up. @ Lisboa 12.03.2020
Natural snow urban camo.
This pollen left on the ground after rain.
Went to the farmer to get eggs and found this purple looking egg
The carbonation on the side of the cup
What looking through a periscope of a tank looks like. (Maybe a bit less blurry)
The watermark on this fake U.S. $50 bill
The sunrise this morning looks like a flame being shot up into the sky.
My work's poo coloured toilet is perfect for when I cba cleaning up skid marks
Mmmmm Creepy cheese
How my friend charges her phone in class
My plastic bag shows how long deffrent typs of food can be cept frozen
The way this garlic grows in this a glass jar
Subconsciously started eating my second sandwich.. Didn’t realise I eat sandwiches a specific way.
No planes coming from Europe to USA
Nearly empty flight from Hong Kong to London due to corona virus fears
Discord being helpful
Japanese coin bank tells you how much you’ve saved
This frozen puddle has a pretty nice row of trees in the ice.
Bad bruise that is more visible on the follicles than the skin around them
The end of my toilet paper roll
This hotel made of shipping containers near Narita Airport in Japan
My 16 year old brother in-law did my nails!
The way this can exploded after it's contents froze
This cute little kid toilet in a family restroom
My pinky's finger line
This glass that broke like it has eyes.
Dads work got the same phone as his personal.
Realised there are 696g in the box of tea bags I have. Nice!
It's a old Galaxy S6 Edge that I've never dropped. I was looking through my drawers and I found it like this. The backing is peeling away and I don't know if it's the battery that expanded.
The ants in my garage built a bridge over my glue trap
My Italian Language calendar has been oddly prescient.
Colourful ball of light that’s just been chilling in the depths of my camera roll. Enjoy.
My self portrait Thanos edit
I defrosted this potato soup and the potato stayed the same shape as the container
Where I'm from, we don't always use AD. Left is the year/month/day we use currently in, and right is the date in AD.
My study manuals for running a water reclamation facility.
The different dates in use
The way this nerf dart landed.
We’re making it as quick as we can you’ll wipe soon!
This house number sign
This helicopter at my school
The journey of these salt molecules.
This yogurt had a little message under the slip
the red got faded away by sunshine
I didn't knew this was even possible.
Before and after spending two years in the sun
My drumstick had chocolate at the bottom of it's cone.
Interesting but also terrifying!!
When progressively becoming more drunk as I write in my journal, I begin to write in cursive as time goes on.
My pear has a leaf tattoo
My pear has a leaf tattoo
My pear has a leaf tattoo
These "Starship Robots" in my city have just completed 350,000 miles of travel in my city, delivering food and packages
This is what 100 Franken looks like
This is what 100 Franken looks like
My job consists of spending 30 minutes watching poop settle.
This seahorse in my eel sauce
Angery bananana
No middle seat occupancy on Qantas Mel-Syd flight for Coronavirus precaution
The “beer room” in this gas station is instead filled with soda.
Watch Made a Face Today
2% of all coronavirus-infected people in Australia are Tom Hanks and his wife.
The way my bathtub developed this thin layer of bubbles is pretty cool
The size of this lemon
The size of this lemon
The size of this lemon
The size of this lemon
The post office destroyed some of my mail but still sent me the empty envelope.
raman came with 2 flavor packets instead of one
The braille reads “Do not enter”
The roomy back seat of a California
My banana came with the flower still attached to its end (OC)
There's a letter going out
My CVS made a "make your own hand sanitizer" section.
A friend fixed his broken pencil with staples
Enjoy these popcorns that look like brains
This cardboard mattress box has plastic wheels on it.
Some iPhone cases come with a tool to take out the sd card
This insect I saw today, looks like dry leaf and stem. Evolution is awesome indeed!
My broken phone screen turns purple when I scroll through this post
Free toilet rolls when you buy a cake. (Wendy’s, Plumpton)
The shadows of this fence look like the keyboard of a piano
This sleepy hollow vibe from the moon made of cheese
Uncooked rice noodles after hanging them over a metal spoon and roasting in the oven
Wash hands written in clouds
This label at the store that says "Our Patch Kids"
A "step-and-pull" at my local McDonald's as an alternative to the traditional door handle.
Cat on catnip
The way this bouncy ball's swirl formed a li'l heart.
Hand sanitizer with a new name
A stadium that lies directly ontop of the haward fault line and has to adapt to the plates moving past each other.
What happen this time?
This sealed packet of air (it really came like this)
I have been sick for the last couple of days with stomach flu, unable to get out of bed much. My watch captured both the drastic decrease in calories burned and steps taken.
This midnight snack I was about to give my husband
I sent a craigslist ad to my brother, he wasn't impressed
My mom’s hand cream container has a pair of legs and shoes for it to sit on the table
This close-up of my toaster looks like a high-tech neon multi-story car-park.
This close-up of my toaster looks like a high-tech neon multi-story car-park.
Never seen this happen to garlic before.
I am finally an adult and I can eat what I want for dinner.
My little brother got his baby teeth removed as his adult teeth were coming in, and they pulled this bad boy out.
Pie for a pie makes your _ _ _ _ _
Apparently Samsung makes inflatable neck pillows
A shiny Rubicks cube
This giant lady taking a bath in this pier
I got a Samsung neck pillow
These tree toes
All the sample signatures on the Oregon Circulator Training Manual are Simpsons characters
Somehow missed a perfectly straight patch of hair when dying from brown to blonde
A thick layer of ice formed in this sing
This restaurant burned down in 2017 but was rebuilt and whatever was salvaged was put back up, including these coloring pages, with one being dated 1992.
This half-reverse Oreo biscuit
The blanket my grandmother gave to me
Brick and mortar (literally)
My sun bleached pants
The sink in the bathroom at work lights up whenever you use it
My glue stick crystallized after a few months without use
Found this after deciding to open nesting dolls on a gift store in Brazil. It's the second time I've found dolls like this here and it never ceases to amaze me.
Post-apocalyptic supermarket videos are so hot right now
The chances of you seeing this post is 100% because you’ve now seen it
Pigeons in hats are starting to appear in Las Vegas
My birthmark looks like a winking face
Before tonight's hockey game starts, the Blues and Ducks are already tied 1-1.
Can you guess the pattern
My school has some desks that are shaped like Swastikas
Can you guess the pattern
My wife asked me to check her bath water and this is how I found the loofah
The creme of an Oreo split
The way the label on this detergent bottle glows under UV light.
Beautiful night.
Beautiful night.
Beautiful night.
Who's watchin me?
Who's watchin me?
This little pop up from Discord
Recyclable cardboard packing peanuts
This cactus has grown a mask
My hotel has reflective floor numbers on the bottom of the doors in the stairwell to help with fire evacuations.
The difference 50 years makes when it comes to handwriting.
This is what rodent teeth look like under a microscope.
The Microwaves in my break room are getting a bit meta
These tiny bubbles in a spiral after refilling my soap dispenser
My 3D Hogwarts Inspired Anniversary Card
These tiny bubbles after refilling my soap dispenser
(Sorry for shit quality) Fargo's Pizza displays your order number on mirrors around the room when it's ready for pickup
This Stick Figure Naruto Running Toward the Fire
Water starting to freeze after every sip
Local liquor store made Everclear hand sanitizer
My buddy Greg was the only passenger on a flight from Florida to Oklahoma.
Discord increases the screen share limit for their "Go Live" streaming for virtual classrooms as schools close down due to COVID-19
The way the rain pools on this weed
I have never seen it snow like this, it’s beautiful (I took a video of it which is better but I don’t want to break the rules)
A little bit of ice formed on my very cold water
My license plate collection on the wall
The way my paper was binded together
This framed tv in a restaurant
Their WiFi must really suck.
This pair of shorts comes with an extra smaller pocket on the inside its pocket (sorry for low quality)
My firecracker has two fuses
These eggs are laid by the same chicken.
Restuarant gives free food for people with specific names.
This triangle cover
This Starbucks logo with cleavage.
Friends Gecko has 3 different Gene's in it
I sandpapered a coke can
What are the chances
Smooth watermelons
This triangle cover
The Nuevo Vallarta beach has a lot of iron
Old 20 dollars (next to new for comparison)
This person has hundreds of unopened VHS copies of this 1996 film just parked on the street.
This scale at a planetarium showing your weight on the different planets in our solar system
This person has hundreds of opened VHS copies of this 1996 film just there.
The amount of wear on these truck tires.
You can't really tell but I left the bottle in my freezer for almost the whole day and it's mostly frozen but in the center the water's normal. Idk if this goes here
After the ‘Fallas’ were cancelled due to Covid19, this Falla woke up like this as a sign of protest.
My catfish only eats the juicy part of the cucumber
My orange had a scar
The toilet paper aisle of my local grocery store
Ice replica
Normally I see purse hooks but my vet has a dog hook at the front desk
KGB's (Soviet secret service) spy camera
Its messed up
Smile, you’re on camera!
This hat with an image of it's self on it.
These signs my store has for coronavirus
i found the "oof stones" while watching a reality show
A pine tree growing around an oak tree.
Old broccolini sprouted flowers
This stain on my floor looks like a bear's head
Shedding lizard looks like it’s wearing a tiny avant-garde outfit
Garden skill 100
Same Picture. Same Place, 65 Years Apart
My star fruit has an extra corner
These new Pokemon cards look like Goku
The Ohio-based company I work at doesn't recognize the Upper Peninsula as part of Michigan on any company maps (here's two of them as examples)
I was eating at a Chinese restaurant, guess I got pretty lucky! (Please keep coronavirus jokes to a minimum, aight?)
The pizza hut boxes in my country has a game of find the difference printed on it.
Wind blew strand of grass to form a perfect circle
Quarantine ID for an apartment complex in China: "We Conquer the Epidemic Together!"
I found a stand-alone Subway restaurant
This icy bird umbrella
These switchboards for an old dollhouse wiring kit made to fit stealthily inside these dressers.
Found a random four leaf clover I found in my drawer
Restaurant that always discounts to nearest dollar... 0.19% Off
Help Identifying this piano's worth? Type?
Subway line map organized
This alternative to packing peanuts
I share same cake day as my dog
This bus with the number 1337 on it.
My Dad's Coronavirus death rate calculations
My chicken fries have a little nook in the box for the dipping sauce.
The bell of my trumpet makes a wide angle effect
An almost perfect heart my wife drew.
I just recieved my expired, defaced emergency passport in the mail 3 months after I got my proper replaced one.
Some of the tea I was drinking froze inside the ice cubes
Paperclip imbedded into my monitor stand. I found it it's also really magnetic, so that's cool.
Found an insect that looks like a tiny fish. What is it?
The person showing to put the wrapper on the trash for kit Kat is in the shape of a K
a wagon in my backyard was upside down all winter and the grass underneath grew yellow due to lack of nutrients
Public transports seats in a city in Switzerland use human figures as pattern
My nugget cane like this today
This guy isn’t taking any chances
My hotel room has power strips behind the nightstands
An orange in an orange
My orange peel looks like Phoenix
My wallet is threaded with different colours
This cat formed out of bubbles in my drink
One of these rice pouches was slightly double printed.
This close-up shot of a hotwheels Tesla I took
My dashcam box had a hanging chad
The bottom of this pizza box
New brand of paper towels I bought had square perforation as a napkin shape option.
This M&amp;M in an M&amp;M
Wall that Hand dryer is mounted on shows how clean people wash their hands
A Beautiful Day in the Desert
Albino super worm found while feeding my tiny dino.
I peeled my orange in one piece and it looks like a bunny rabbit waving.
Mentions of "Coronavirus" in my email inbox since 1/29
A trilingual advertisement on the back of a truck
The shadows cast by Westminster Bridge in London
This Paperweight/Desk decoration my grandma has where the design is inside the glass rectangle and appears to be floating
Apparently, this stuff is not harmful or fatal if swallowed, and doesn't cause respiratory irritation in Canada.
Strong lil 'shroom pushing up through some asphalt
Wash your hands the right way, people!
Strong lil 'shroom pushing up through some asphalt
The barcode on my goat milk yoghurt!
The way this Code Red bottle lost its color after sitting in the sun
The Nightingale helicopter pad behind my local hospital.
Scaring the crap out of a grasshopper.
This bizarre quasi thermometer
It's almost the middle of March and my neighbors haven't taken down their Christmas tree
The lines on my paper just stopped in the middle
I got a double cherry.
Oddly-shaped rainbow
This sus looking park near my house
I have two cuts on the same spot of two fingers, from two different occasions
This wall of fog rolling in at my work
Who cares about the corona virus when you can wonder how many pages of writing/drawing it took for the ink to be emptied out of this pen (pilot precise v7)
This copper roof I did a couple months back. (pre-patina)
Lizard with two tails
This room in an old house I bought that's entirely covered in 1970's magazine clippings.
I cut my arm earlier and the two freckles I have make it look like a face
A pothole on a street near my apartment revealed that this road was originally made with bricks
This dried up lime puddle looks like a camel
The iron level so high that it turned the water red
Found a bro-fist ice in my drink!
Single ant carrying a whole french fry (he was moving it)
This lemon... or lime?
Saw this today in a parking lot in Hungary.
I got a match with no end in my match box.
This Google Sheets Easter Egg
The snow in Edmonton right now is coming down in little balls
The way my neighbor cut his lawn
The way this snow folded on my car makes it look like a wet piece of paper
Hmm This can happen I guess
Something tells me she just likes yellow and black (oc)
This double decker skyway
My car has 123456 miles on it
What colour does my hair look?
The way that every bit of toilet paper came off the roll in one go
Dropped my bottle on a beach in Costa Rica and discovered ferrous grains of sand.
my lil brother and a giant mushroom
Painted easter egg looks like lightning in the night sky.
My local Tesco is really taking this Coronavirus rationing serious
This inappropriate wallpaper at a local restaurant.
My bed is magnetic
This is what happens when lightning strikes into an erupting volcano - Chile
I approve of this stain
My grandpa was making a small replica of texas from a slab
This cooking class I’m in has a mirror so you can see what the instructor is doing.
Putting green after lightning strike
My office has rocks on the roof
This dollar bill a customer brought in.
This horse looks like a pop star from 2006.
My hand steaming in -30F degree weather.
Boeing (BA) share price under "max" timeline looks like the flight trajectory of their MAX airplanes...
Faucet that has water, soap, and an air dryer
My twinkies expire on Star Wars day!
This toilet paper holder
Denmark shut down! All Danish daily institutions has been shut down
This really long Cinnamon Toast Crunch
This strawberry that is half white and half red on the vertical axis
Dunno if it fits here (book from 2017)
why do people always have a crush on those who are out of their reach? (god i feel stupid!!😂😢)
The texture changes in my bar of soap
The light shining through the sieve in my sink kinda looks like old school graphics
Only in CO are skis used as a measure of length.
Stockpiling necessities as suggested...
Train station uses plants instead of buckets to catch water from the leaking ceiling
Shadow of my bed made by floor lamp kinda looks like an angry face
This Crack Willow tree in our backyard
Here in California Avocado theft is a crime.
I work at an animal shelter, we just got this stray dog who has a Mohawk. His hair is a different color and texture than the rest of his body!
Completely smooth screw I found in a 50 pack I got at the hardware store.
My brother found this nest with our dog's fur
1,3,5 rule at computers for corona virus precaution
Museum donation box designed to accept feedback and cash
My neighbours are concerned about the potholes. I’m more worried about what made that footprint.
Cats and raccoons living together! So my boyfriends next door neighbors have a slew of raccoons living under their house and they’re friends with their cats. There has to be 8 large racooons that live there
I raise your dog with a Mohawk, our puppy with a Mohawk called “Sid”
Amazon forgot to perforate the label on my package.
Captured this bird mid flight on my garage camera
An $1 dollar bill turn into a shirt.
Steamed purple cauliflower from farmers market (ca,usa)
This 45 rpm maxi record has more empty than music on it
My takeout silverware came with two forks in it
Prague streets are completely empty due to government orders to stop Coronavirus spread
A Bee Keeper Hive Transportation Vehicle
The 20 pounds of stickers on this car
My friend did this today. He started a cult because we are putting it on our lockers
Subtle nod to Phineas and Ferb in Central Park on Apple TV (clothes)
some close ups on some U.S. money
This throw pillow that looks like Donald Trump
Something ate a fish and spit out the scales in a little pile.
The way this person eats corn dog
This tractor be like “FML”
What he invented again?
These urinal cakes in Rio, Brazil
I was using hand sanitizer and then touched receipt paper
LA has been getting rain, here is this cloud I saw crying out in anguish.
In movie theaters in austria you can only get every other seat because of corona (only 100 people per room are allowed currently)
This watch has disks instead of hands
Broke this open in band, the inside of a light from a Christmas light chain.
This odd handwashing poster in the bathroom at my work.
3 boxes of elbows in a row have a token rigatoni mixed in. (I did not check the boxes behind to see if these 3 boxes were part of a larger phenomenon.)
The arcade owner replaced all the teddy bears with toilet paper rolls
I don't know how common this is, but in my city, there's a massive overflow canal with some cool features. More info in comment below.
These gummy bears I found in my 2.5 pound bag of gummy bears.
Old Timey Ron Swanson
My Neff Oven clock has got trapped in Leap Day. March has still not arrived!
House inside of a bigger house
This peeling handicapped sign
To accept this package my ID had to be checked and when I ordered I was informed about the movie been only for over 18y/o persons
Public swings in Montreal to wait for the bus
Massive hunk of seasoning in a goldfish bag
found this gum drop in my sour patch kids
My car's odometer recently hit pi*10^5 miles
A ballot for local elections in Germany (165x60 cm/65x24 inch). Cat for scale.
Trumper dogo
As I was finishing the soup I noticed an animal shape formed by the white fungus at the bottom of the plate. What do you see?
How these plates are stacked
So I was in math class... my pencil did a thing....
I didnt think Amazon made pencils
I didnt think Amazon made pencils
I found a Amazon pencil
I found a Amazon pencil
I found a Amazon pencil
This beautiful light reflection on the ceiling
The architect thought this would be a good “happy” building design.
My brocolli bits got stuck in the ranch and made a happy face.
The rainbow around the moon in my hometown last night. This isn’t a camera effect.
In 1949, Campbell's Soup used to make and advertise ox tail soup (upper right square).
Insides of pepper shaped like eye.
I got bored on my engineering homework, so I included a rotary engine for the hell of it.
My debit card doesn't have any numbers on the front
Frozen 2 is marketing on my Banana
This egg double wrapped
Someone recommended i post this here: been pissing on the same spot on a tree in my yard for 15 years. This is what the uric acid did to the bark.
Disney has some of its lights out and it revealed an interesting message
Baked a HungryMan dinner in the oven for the first time (vs microwaving) and the brownie cooked like an actual brownie!!
This nickel is from 1803, the year of the Louisiana Purchase. 217 years old
This Corona bottle turned into a salt shaker at this restaurant.
Snow and ice slowly sliding off my roof has caused the icicles to point towards the house.
Rhino sculpture made from driftwood
This fancy box for a fire extinguisher.
I have the exact same set of keys as this newspaper ad
Toothpaste spit out perfectly on the wrong place
Horse (75% sure)
My bathroom tiles are a Hermann grid illusion
This fruit by the foot with 2 rolls
This strawberry is green at the bottom
I stopped my stopwatch at 0
Shooting star in top right (Secret Life of Pets 2)
Dutch news station let this man work from home because he lives in a higher risk area.
This traffic light has grass growing out of it
One of the news reporters had to stay home because of the coronavirus... so they found a solution to still have him in the show!
$20 Canadian looks similar to $20 New Zealand
Three of my dots were fused in a row
The S came off this dissolving skittle
This freckle on my palm looks kinda like a downvote
I got two different frames from my laptop to my tv
My university uses superheroes for the bathroom signs.
Urinal stalls
The place for the cup is slightly off center so one can put a teabag and a spoon to the aide.
Our school removing half the chairs for our musical due to corona
I was flicking through the sc filters and found this, did a pretty good job on the outlines
Tapped the oven with my hand and this happened, honestly I’m just looking for an explanation
This sign looks like an anatomy diagram for genitals, female top left, male top right and where you can find both (in between the legs) on the bottom.
Calendar that looks like grilled cheese sandwich
This restaurant has outlets with USB ports at each table
I finished my 3rd tube of pen ink today
Ice/icicles formed on this tree in an interesting way
Jousting chip
Just noticed the gold bracelet I got from my late grandmother is from Israel.
Really good barista or not!
That UFO outside my sister's house
Jousting chip
Cars create strange images sometimes
The bullet casing at my local range have gotten between the concrete walkway and wood edge and have slowly pushed it apart over the years
My McDonald’s bag was proudly made by Tina A.
I threw an apple at the wall and it got stuck
Really old spanish coke bottle
EgyptAir moist towelette from 1984
This furious duck on a building in London
Came across this Soviet-era taxi in Armenia; the company was appropriately called "Soviet Taxi"
A perfectly balanced placed spoon in Coffee Number 1.
The way my cat sits
UPDATE ON MY LAST POST: She just found a winking Loveheart!
My ID photo looks like a mugshot
My girlfriends sister found a Loveheart (the sweets) without any words on it, but with only a sad love heart. How ironic.
My friend got a misprinted chip bag
This microwave with Braille
This house has an eye and I'm scared of it
This piece of cardboard I tore off kind of resembles a gun
This bar is upside down
The packaging on this tiny HDMI adapter
This walk-through sanitizing gate in Thailand.
Milk top jumping by itself ?!
In Italy we have also prohibited near seats on bus
South African Health Insurance Response To The COVID-19 threat...
In case you were interested, the ONLY thing holding these 8 ton set of freight car trucks on the hazardous freight car is gravity and a 1.5" lip of steel in the truck bolster.
A labradorite ring that I made.
This crisp I found was shaped like a heart
The way the raindrops fell off the roof
The most important room in any British doctors surgery.
My peach rings look like an O_O face
Ice pattern on the sunroof of my car this morning
This arson dog has her own business card
My keychain broke exactly the same way as it did last time
This tree root grew through a broken bottle
This bird who tried to break into my quarantine
This "monkey puzzle" tree in my neighbourhood is covered in stuffed monkeys
Double rainbow while I was sitting on the bus
This extra wide chair for big folks.
Actually seeing my LED flashlights light grid.
Blue Lobster!
At Purdue after the email about moving classes online, posters for washing your hands have been made based off our Game Day Song.
I looked out over the frozen lake and noticed this Eagle ice fishing.
This pencil uses a pun to show the right and wrong end to use to write.
The back side of intel sticker on my laptop. (Looks like the actual chip)
Idk if anyone has seen this before but I noticed it reads “USA five USA five” on the end of the purple five on the back of my 5 dollar bill
A tiny circle of my boiled egg’s shell suddenly imploded as the egg cooled down.
You can tip off stuff to the FBI
Peeled lemon
This Quizlet's formatting
This deli that has a cigarette machine still in operation.
We got a new couch and it turns out it’s almost the exact same color as my dog
I won a prize, but it's small potatoes.
Google Photos thinks my shiba is a cat
People entering the metro station leave a wet trail, while those exiting it leave no trail.
Wording is interesting
The ceiling at a museum in Ottawa, Canada.
I found some gold coins sewn into the bottom hem of an old curtain.
These flip flops after years of use
Tension forces keep this 3d printed object “afloat”
Apparently this is what happens when you put an egg inside a freezer for a week
My Pringle is bent
My local dollar store has tiny bottles of Martinelli's
One (1) arm hair using a $15 pocket microscope and a cellphone camera
I froze hard boiled quail eggs and the white part turned clear
A a bunch of 7 in the sky
This store's hand wash sign is part of the tile
This paper coffee cup, with a template print (Thailand)
This globe includes Cheyenne, Wyoming, the 589th most populous city in the United States.
I got a ticket from Captain Picard.
Blue Lobster! One in 200million
The way the frost is being saved by car shadows
The way this text is set up
A cerator on mars
I got the zero ticket
The picture on the toy the boy plays with is him playing with the same toy. And it apparently goes on into infinity.
Thought it was pretty cool after a night of being drunk.
If you want to say no but in a special way (found in good burger show on Netflix)
Hmmmmmmm so that’s what happens in panoramic
The way these News tiles lined up
This part of the ground in the woods where the wind uses a branch as a broom to clear leafs.
This is the Fukang meteorite, a meteorite that was found in the mountains near Fukang, China in 2000
This museum in Berlin has a bathroom for non-binary visitors!
threw a pillow and it landed like this
The wall canvas art we have matches the shopping bag we got from Stater Bros.
4" poison ivy vines
My husband still has his old Blockbuster Card
Possibly the smallest apartment building in Amsterdam
Found this in my dad's (doc) basement. A practice tool for prostate checking.
This woman smoking from her hair.
This beer can that was canned and re-labeled for a different beer
Not sure how I feel about my new neighbors.
This dog has a mohawk
This is the bedroom door at the Airbnb in NY we stayed at. We were there for 3 days before I noticed, then I couldn't stop giggling.
This old die.
This old die.
This old die.
This old die.
This nearly fully frozen bottle of glass
This all black duck.
This cool lizard
For the lyrics tab, Apple Music puts a guitar emoji where guitar solos/sections are
Our bowling scores were reversible
These black spaghetti
My glitter nail polish made a smiley face.
There are two ducks in our garden
My kid's "first words" book has a baby wearing a Shrek beanie as the example of "hat"
Cleaning three stories up.
This place sells half cakes.
Origami boat my friend made with a 5 euros banknote
This necklace that look like a snake
A knot in a peice of wood that kinda resembles a flower
A school bus missing an "s"
Double banana
The way the frost formed on my car this morning
The Pattern on this book, which was printed in the late 19th lentury.
The way my screen protector shattered into a moutain range with lightning
A gummy bear that got hit in the head too hard
No balloons allowed in swedish train station
The incident report form at my kid's daycare has "Hugs" listed as one of the first aid responses
I created a subreddit to help people choosing their wedding flowers
My milk comes with 2 straws
Security tags from my local clothing shop kinda looks like airpods
Albino giraffe
How does someone swallow an AirPod?
We shaped the vines hanging off this tree into a natural sing. Qila Sheikhupura, Punjab, Pakistan
What happen this time?
The back of this cereal box had cutout "actual reality goggles"
Piazza Navona, in Rome, practically empty at 6:00pm due to the measures against the spread of the Coronavirus
Now in Italy, every other table is closed to ensure distance between customers and avoid spread of coronavirus
There is now a button to wish someone a happy cake day
Showcase of the amazing properties of Vinyl
This Oreo had a biscuit the wrong way around.
Unique pill shaped Transponder chip in a car key
This Japanese can of king crab meat, packed with plenty of genuine gold leaf.
4000 people watching a livestream of the DVD logo bouncing around
Snow Monkey on my dog’s butt.
The name of this cat food...
The tile artwork in my bathroom looks like delicious sushi rolls.
Had to get my eye checked following an Injury.
The way our candles are melting
Moving hand sanitizer deployed in Saudi Aramco office.
This milk's expiry date
This compressed piece of dried bread dough has the consistency of hard smooth rock
A recent bill for flight cancellation: I know I'm cute but wth xD
I got two twin egg yolks in a row
Found this cool bike
DIY hand sanitiser
Saw this on a train
Asterix comic predicted corona 2 years before (i know Theres different names for corona)
Chrome mobile just says heck it after 99 tabs
Valentine's flower still alive
Tusk Marshmallow
The paper looks translucent next to my friend
My avocado died 🥑🥀😐
Ute carrying a helicopter
This model dog is made out of empty cigarette packets
There were 2 yolks in this egg
The recycling plea on a box for Poo Pourri
Dogs can snore
Custom made miter saw for amish people whom don’t use electricity.
These book loan machines have a pirate language option
Justin Bieber and Aaron Carter, age 15
Aaron Carter and Justin Bieber, age 15
The reflection of this weeping willow
I visited the 1000th Carl's Jr. today
Air filtration company's business card turns into filters
In Switzerland, we have weed ice tea
Case in point for maintaining Social distance as much as possible to contain COVID-19 community spread
This octopus lemon that fell from my tree
This wonderfully designed jelly baby drink
A wet floor sign in my local grocery store
Town looks gold when the sun hits it right
The way my hair decided to layer itself
The oculus logo on a cherio
M&amp;Ms are the only candy that you can spell their name with
'Fake internet points'
Long exposure, many sparks
This little frog that is about the same size as the average human pinky finger.
This corn has no white kernels.
Using a bowl to hold my beer up right in bed.
Dog walks dog
guitar fingers
This Guantanamo Bay hat I found in a thrift store
This sculpture by Takuma Kamine that combines Buddhist iconography with robots
This ring my mom has that has a very small, but functional abacus
The Medi-Cal Cast #ghetto #healthcare #failedsystem
Her: You got any ice cream? Me: :D
I purchased a swim diaper for my toddler and found “For Worst Results” and “Use” instructions discussing baby poop mishaps.
Seven white cars parked in a row
my neighbors' house challenges gravity
I made an origami Phoenix as well
These absurdly tall doors in a hotel bathroom
This tiny toothpaste
This singular black piece of Cinnamon Toast Crunch in my cereal.
The way the moonlight forms a path in the water
The blood blister from hitting my thumb with a hammer looks like a little dancing man.
The sheer size of the yolks on these eggs
This glass that got chipped in a mildly interesting way
This download code expires in the year 2799
This drawing.
my aunt caught this bunt at the perfect time
A large raisin cluster and a matching over sized bran flake to go with it.
So you finished the ink of one pen uh?
IKEA bags are excellent at restraining angry swans
Donkey Kong On My Jobsite
The gates to the dumpsters behind a McDonald’s are painted to look like their fries.
The paint chipping off of my drawer handle looks like a tank
You can see where the beer was before each sip I took
A broken jar of spaghetti sauce and an abandoned potato at LAX cordoned off by two traffic cones
I woke up to a wildfire surrounding my neighborhood.
Where did they come from? Where were they going?
Me and my roommates keychain of energy drink tabs
slender woods in real life
My lotion has directions for use on people and cows
According to the soda machine in my apartment, Mr. Pibb is “spicy cherry soda”
Bearded man in the sky
The flash from my phone is so bright it light up the edges of the glass around the phone (room lights are on)
This awesome bag i have recently ordered after watching a girl using it.
A little face I found while walking
My phone glitched and changed my picture. It looks cool af
They forgot a fortune in my cookie. I guess it’s better than bad news eh
“Touncle Mark” | This drawing I did for my late uncle matches Adult Jay’s bedspread rather intriguingly
Thrifted book signed by Mark Twain that he didn’t technically write.
this mandarin has two stickers
Same shoes, bought 7 years apart
A short bus with a pizza brick oven inside
Found a rock shaped like Nevada while hiking in Nevada
This very dapper silver squirrel I saw
My snails path in some algae
This bucket has been used for finishing floors for over a decade. It weighs over 8 pounds
How these letters peeled
My husband and I tried and failed to recreate an underwater Pinterest photo
What happen this time?
I made an origami phoenix
The lid on my powder gatorade
This huge metal ring around a big tree
My ice cubes grew spikes
The way Kpop group ITZY's thumbnails all connect
The way the clouds gradient themselves in a sunset.
The shape of the water as it flows from the faucet.
A plant with all the soil taken out of its roots (for research purposes)
Bought a 4 pack of pens a couple years ago for work. Only one left.
The way the pages are perfectly separated
The size of this grape
Melted wax floated to the top and trapped water in between
Wheat/rice flake in the shape of a human heart
My cat’s tail fell off.
My office scissors has magnetic blades
My hand compared to a polar bear paw
Koalas (left) have fingerprints very similar to that of a humans (right)
Melted wax floated up and trapped the water in between
Giant strawberry I just ate
These nuggets of chip flavoring dust I found in my bag of Doritos
I got three broccoli packets in my macaroni and cheese.
This isn’t what you think it is. Unless you thought is was a cement mixer painted to look like a space capsule.
This nugget of flavoring dust I found in my bag of Doritos
My gold skirt tetra (farthest right) has started growing stripes to be accepted by the tiger barb tetras I just got.
This very long caterpillar that I found (index finger for scale)
Cooked orange anyone?
This Japanese toilet cistern fills up with an exposed pipe so you can rinse your hands without needing another sink
This Oreo that had its top put on upside down.
The color of my homegrown bell pepper
These tiny stalagmite-esque mounds appeared in the dirt after a rainy day.
The sink drains at my airport are tiny 737’s!
I got an 84 year old nickel as change at Safeway.
Nutty butty bar with the number 30 imprinted into it.
Soap stalagmite
My dogs ears mid frame of movement
Theres just one spot on this bush that is dead
My succulent’s petals decided they no longer wanted to be pink
This pencil with pink graphite
This pencil has pink graphite
I took a picture of the skeleton on the wall because I thought it was funny and took a photo of one of my friends. I didn't realize until later that the faces look so similar.
A bumble bee gets drunk off a flower and falls over
The Amount of Toilet Paper I Have Used Since Sunday Night.
The Amount of Toilet Paper I Have Used Since Sunday Night.
This light up computer mouse has a spider in it.
A little prick in my backyard
Made a tiny crane
One of my mom’s law school books from the 90s still had an old gum wrapper in it that she had used as a bookmark
My "Allergen-Free" fruit bar
Our cookie box advises against opening this end. Unless you want to eat the whole box.
Olive Garden has reheating instructions on the back of their to-go breadstick bags
[OC] Can you guess which day I shattered my kneecap? I average around 8,500/day overall. Lowest in the chart is 29 steps in one day.
Aerated grass looks like goose droppings
This food is keeping it real.
This McDonald’s monitor has the blue screen of death
I have seen a lot of “Shake Well” in my day, but never a “Swirl Gently.”
This small egg one of my chickens laid
This small egg on of my chickens laid
This custom Nic Cage DVD set at my local library
This little guy was my best friend all winter, but he scared the shit out of me the first time. He found his way into my warm hiding place and was very friendly but now he is gone and I am not sure where he went. I hope he is doing well back in the wild eating bugs and whatever praying mantis do.
Cat fur under a microscope.
There’s a waiting room in this bathroom
This unopened bag of school baked Doritos from 2005
got bored, made a window, then another window, and opened a portal
I got a funny-tasting kit-kat.
This elevator shows your height instead of a floor number.
An email to all apartment building residents
The moon as photographed through my telescope
My water froze mid air
This shop window in Kyoto had a model of the shop, which had a model of the shop in its window, which then had a model of the shop in that window.
The Fluoride in my retainer case looks like a spiders nest
The hexagonal pattern left behind by dried soap bubbles within a glass bottle
Powerline pole reinforced core
Two biscuits out of this container were cut the wrong way
Noticed this on my mom’s Apple Watch while in a restaurant
Me and the goons waiting for the murderer.
My ruffles ridges decided to get the feels today.
The way this tree is swallowing the tree stand.
The Nestle cookie dough bin has a barcode shaped like an oven glove
Walking the dog this evening and saw a nighttime rainbow formed from light rain and flood lights.
The way the snow melted on this car
My laptops free storage.
The way the snow melted on this car
The core of this tree in my yard is nearly completely gone
i found donkey kongs face in this dirty pan
Bunch of balloons includes extra balloons in case of defects.
Looks like theres a dog in this wood cabinet
Had a bandaid on for 2 days so that section didn't get tanned.
Inside a Miner Bee's burrow.
Lost my job because of CoronaVirus today, saw this sign on the way out.
This Panera Bread that looks nothing like a Panera Bread.
oven light melted over years of use
A hyperlapse of candlepin bowling in Eastern Maine on league night
There's no air in this Itoen green tea.
This orange I made.
The one on the right must’ve been accidentally poured into the wrong mold, its supposed to me a strawberry buts a messed up girl with a bow.
This legendary drill I found on the floor.
Walmart grocery lists both 1 pound and 16 ounces (the same amount) of brussel sprouts.
Accidentally left a recite in my pants when in the wash &amp; dry, completely bleached it.
These handy chairs
This acid burn i just accidentally gave myself.
This fork in the cafeteria
Old switch menu
The way this ice makes it look like a ghost speed limit sign
Bought masks for work on ranch and figured ok can use with virus stuff... but they were made in an Asian Country (Edited!) Jan 2020. Ummmm...
The way these skis line up almost perfectly
We all have swam in and drank piss in our lives.
That cut in my sheets looks kinda like a caterpillar.
This place combined their prohibited signs to make it look like that dog is having a great time.
Idk what this is
Idk what this is
What he invented again?
Bought masks for work on ranch and figured ok can use with virus stuff... but they were made in Korea Jan 2020. Ummmm...
A trash bin for pizza boxes
This wet floor sign that looks like a banana peel
My furnace exhaust decided to create an ice sculpture one drip at a time
My fortunes inside my cookies were tweets from Gary Vee
This sticker that UPS uses to cover up barcodes
An ashtray from where my dad worked in the 1960s.
Schrödinger's emergency
Baby lizard hanging from my blinds
This parking ticket expired when I turned 20.
This bathroom has an outlet specifically for 110v electric shavers
This wet floor sign that looks like a banana peel
Vertical Panorama
My corn dog had a boner
this airport in Munich, Germany has glass elevators so you can see the inside.
People are crazy. No water at my Walmart
This Morse code on my vitamin water that says "I'm not in danger I'm just looking for friendships based in a mutual understanding and respect of Morse code"
How my friend helps himself from losing headphones
This shopping cart that tells you where your groceries are.
Smallest spider I’ve ever seen (w/sesame seed for scale)
The finish on this trail map has worn out at the spots where people point, esp. “YOU ARE HERE”
I think my chickens butt hurt
Poor little baby I spotted at home
The ice stayed in the middle of my cup after i finished drinking my water
The ice stayed in the middle of my cup after i finished drinking my water
This rainbow at the bus stop.
A couple of months ago while it was raining it left a foot print and is still here
Same label, different colors?
What a 10/10 looks like on IMDb
The hole-punch on my train ticket is in the shape of a little train!
My dress shirt came with 2 spare buttons sewed onto the dry cleaning tag
A Cheez it with an abnormally large hole
This stone sculpture near the park in my town
This rock I found that looks a little bit like the top half of a human skull
A fire in Liverpool city centre led to a building being demolished. This old advertisement was revealed on the brickwork of the building next door.
A fire in Liverpool city centre led to a building being demolished. This old advertisement was revealed on the brickwork of the building next door.
This headline says it all
This headline says it all
Interesting clock
A tree by my school that formed over an iron bar
What a snake skin hat does to stickers
A bottle of rum inside a bottle of vodka
This picture is made up of various shades of red and nothing else
The way the snow today was in balls, just like Dippin' Dots
This Alcatraz baseball I got a while ago
My flight to Vienna was deserted, probably for the best.
This silo that looks hairy from the abundant vine growth
I saw this racist bag of Indian spices.
Restaurant sells spite for $3
This miniature table holding itself up using string
The pocket preserved the original color
Super dog jumping off tall steps in a single bound
STOP sign that only some cars have to stop at
Incorrectly cut chips bag.
My cats unique toe beans
My barber wore out the floorboards where he circles around his clients
this really big strawberry i found
Ordered an item from Japan and this Tiny Seal Fork arrived with it!
This triple bretzel goldfish I found.
How much these green onions have grown within 48 hours of being planted
This photo I took of a heron through binoculars looks like a planet.
Home sanitation station
My Pepsi bottle expires on 4/20 of 4/20(April 2020)
The apple I was gonna eat is upside down lmao
Determined grass
My apple is upside down
I found a green tomato at the supermarket
This took me 30 min, upvote please!
My eye after an accident I had when I was 16. (The grey line down the middle is a scar)
Some moron spilled 5 thousand litters of blood in Morón, Argentina
Accidentally cut the end off my finger off and the skin is still attached to the nail
What happens to GPS tracker while rock climbing
Daugher cleaned her brush, you can see her hair colors over the last year
This steampunk style pen that I got years ago from a friend.
Found multiple eggs inside a Quail while breaking it down.
Gutter cleaner brush you can see the layers of hair dye over the last year
When my parents took us to Legoland for Milo's birthday this past December we saw this neat ode to the Queen of Soul
I'm a huge fan of the movie Joe Versus the Volcano. I just realized the underside of my cat's chin matches the repeated lightning bolt pattern that shows up throughout the movie.
Stillborn cat preserved in glass globe
This tissue box makes for a great friend.
One of the Miner Bees in my backyard. There are a lot of them.
The sunrise on my way to Japan.
You can tell how far I was into my book when I started working by how dirty the pages get
That’s one way to do it
Myself on the left at 4, my daughter on the right at 4 1/2. I have managed to clone myself.
Got this Land’s End dopp kit as a gift in 1990 and have taken hundreds of trips with it to more than 30 states and 25 countries.
Cap of an Engineer of the Icelandic Steamship Company. The "Thor's Hammer" was their logo from 1914 until 1990.
The Jaffa cake on the top of this packet is upside down
The house I am renting has a tiny cleaver (Your average tomato ffor scale)
Got this as Land’s End dopp kit as a gift in 1990 and have taken hundreds of trips to more than 30 states and 20 countries together.
Reese's Pieces candy box is the same size as a dollar.
This avocado seed has an air bubble in it
I have a TV channel that shows live updates/graphs of covid-19
This abandoned train station in the middle of our town
The way my friend’s wall is warping looks like a face trying to push through.
How did it get up there?
Reddit on the wii
CVS sign messed up claiming they have the flu available.
If you open more than 100 tabs, Chrome will display a happy face
Every car at the gas station was white
This cool electric sign
A three mph sign I spotted on my trip to California.
The shadow of this s office chair had a face
The shadow of this s office chair had a face
The shadow of this s office chair had a face
I dunno. It came out of the wrapper like this (not bite marks, but the ice cream is completely open with no chocolate on it)
This picture my hotel placed above my bed
The path this snail made
Healing thumb is really excited
Early morning bee rescue
Have you ever seen Adolf Hitler stamps? Now Yes
This satisfying optical illusion
Large chunk of cheese dust found in bag of cheetos
These plants growing through the asphalt.
My bag of rice has a velcro seal
This book I came across the other day while at Goodwill
Look at these big postage staples
Baby Clouds on my Roof
A 2019 minted penny
We had to go to Target to buy some stuff and we wanted to include toilet paper in our purchase and we find out that there was no more toilet paper left
These vulvae shaped paving stones at my subway station
I found a tiny four leaf clover. The leaves are 6mm across
This fallen tree stump that my neighbors incorporated into their yard
My sunscreen turns blue when exposed to UV light
Epic timeline on an old tree
This light bulb that looks like it's given up on being a light bulb
Does anyone else hate it when they do this
The printing error on my multivitamin bottle
This "baby" carrot I found in the bag
The reflection in my aquarium makes the magnet cleaner look like it's used by a ghost.
Bookbinding is Fun
This hot wheels car is also a bottle opener
Just finished up this Rosewood bentwood ring.
This oof stone in the wild
My colleague's screen saver
The way this ice on my car looks like stones
The shadow of this office chair is a face
This tetris brick chair I found in a Coffee Republic
This Bob Ross “Positive Energy Drink” at a local market
It’s a model literally held together by toothpicks and it shoots
This door handle for the bathroom, has a built in hand sanitizer dispenser.
This post-it was left on a paper for so long it made an imprint
i don’t know what this is but it looks like a fish
I found a knot in my hair
The clouds look like a cheap poster hung in the background
I found a knot in my hair
The business card of a disabilities services counselor with details also imprinted in Braille (on the opposite side of the card)
The paper towel dispenser lost it's mind today and unloaded the whole roll.
This step cut into a fallen tree
While most of the world is running crazy on toilet paper, my country has them on sale.
While most of the world is running low on toilet paper, my country has them on sale.
Two New Zealand bank notes with different aged portraits of Queen Elizabeth.
My local pizza place has an observation deck for young pizza surveyors
Protesters in hong kong use new technique
This tree fell a few years ago and is still alive
Don't walk on the pond :)
Alternatives to Happy Birthday
This bamboo fiber cup at my school
The same ice cream flavor and container has two different serving sizes to advertise different nutritional facts on the front.
These houses in Sweden look like they were supposed to spell „ELI“
A Dasani bottle that hasn't been molded yet
My local CVS had a mess up with their sign.
Tic Tacs that taste like Coke...
Strange fruit, plus smaller not so strange fruit.
i gave silver to an ad
“Psychic” Sylvia Brown predicted the Coronavirus in her book 20 years ago
Futuristic Architecture in Yogoslavia was Intriguing. Hotel Zlatibor, Užice, Serbia (1981) Arch: Svetlana Kana Radević
This giant orange
This lovely potato
My dorm's RAs posted this next to elevators, arrows look familiar
The white soap bar absorbed this other soap bar we were using that was on it’s last legs
This schnitzel kind of looks like africa
The ghost on my doggie's ear
This RotJ tin with a Yoda digital watch inside, from my childhood, I just found in a closet at my parents house today.
My Haribo ring was only half there
My office building has a rain forest inside it
This table though
I made a face on my toast
Metric tape measure's length measured in Imperial units
The pencil sharpener in my chemistry class is above the recycling bin because pencil shavings are recycleable
A vegetarian KFC just openend (Rotterdam, NL)
My friend drew my Rainbow Six squad as how we know each other
The rubber band twisted itself into a treble clef
People are complaining that Costco is sold out of water and toilet paper. But this local .99 store is fully stocked
This book from 1936 has pages that are not separated. I might be the first to read through it.
Sometimes we all need a little bit of positive energy
This perfectly straight banana
One of these lanes has muddy HGVs driving on it. The other doesn’t.
The way these nails stuck to the floor magnet.
Saw this car 1600 miles from North Dakota with a tag that expired 11 years ago.
This card envelope
This long Froot Loop
Jimmy Dean gave me two bottom buns
This helicopter landed next to our school
The google search suggestions and pics
This magnet pen
This cat got another cat's nail stuck in his nose
The color of the liquid in this bottle
This old ass tights dispenser in the staff bathroom in the school where I work
This metal bar in concrete looks like a bendy straw in cylindrical ice.
This porta potty that open into an actual restroom.
This porta potty that opens into an actual restroom.
Papilloma "Wart" on my dog
This airport’s waiting areas have armrests that are also wireless phone chargers
Titanic fact
Puddle drying in the shape of Australia
Two of my rolls were cut short.
Shot this rock open at my range, guess it's some kind of dirt geode
Special offer in Belgium : 2 Coronas, 1 free Sudden Death (name of a local beer)
My USB cable is symmetrical and can't be plugged in the wrong way around.
I had a younger Queen Elizabeth mixed in with some travel money I ordered. Nothing rare just interesting.
I’m colorblind and these colors are the same to me so I have to put electrical tape on it to tell it’s mine
This router has a bubble level built in
Harvard is forcing all undergraduates to vacate the campus due to Coronavirus...
This cube made only of sawdust
This grape is not bitten or smushed.
This coral is two individuals fused together. Chimera coral
Countries get to name their own aviation waypoints provided they follow some simple rules. Here's one in Ireland called NEKAP ("Knee-Cap"), which isn't far from ABDUK ("Abduct").
Aqua album on CD (the people who wrote and sang Barbie Girl), who knew they had more than one track?
This is a Coke bottle before expanding into the normal size bottle.
Thought this was pretty cool
I learned how to play solitaire with uno cards. Check the comments for how I did it.
This restroom has all but one of its lights on the motion sensor.
This horizontal cereal box I found in South America
There was a single Penne in my bag of Fusilli.
This sink drain looking mighty chipper this morning
This old mango looks like a face
So you all know the step 2 meme, but wtf is step 4
This sugar called "Daddy"
Double printing on this can at the grocery store
Bathroom signs in Tromsø, Norway
Took our dog to the vet, and look what she got vaccinated for.
Russia (400 km to Moscow) March 10th 2019 vs. March 10th 2020
A unique wet floor sign found at my local farmers market.
The bruise on my pear this morning.
This merged chocolate-covered peanut
Tree in Graz (Austria) that looks like a child is hugging it
My city's sperm bank distributes pens with swimming sperms inside
This cloud I just saw with a rainbow embedded inside it (shot through my sunglasses and with increased saturation)
iMessage games glitches and changed our game of 4-in-a-row to an identical filler game
The child on my in-flight safety pamphlet looks more like a small man who is not appeased in being helped.
The C and the O on my wife’s conditioner bottle are sliding in opposite directions
I drew Shaggy for a Spanish assignment
The smallest I've ever used my soap to
The way these drops didn't spread on my paper
My English teacher made a bunch of homemade paper fairies and hung them by strings around his classroom. Welcome to 7th grade.
the way my milk just made a cross
interesting coincidence
The train i’m on is using heart shaped hole punches for ticket checks.
I finished all the ink in a pen without losing it or having it stolen
This apple duck my uncle made
I drew this strange looking thing in a math class
This urinal has a foot pedal flush
I just found out about this..... never the struggle again of putting it in the wrong way!!!
This unusually elongated Fruit Loop.
Where NYC street carts go at night
This battery for humans
This glowing basketball
A clay sponge after one hour of use(left) versus one year(right
This butterfly's compound eye looks like a soccer ball.
A dead rat in front of the station
So i did this today
The red and green crosswalk light in this Danish city is a Viking instead of a normal person
Cat.
My banana has stichies
These turn into scissors
Dog rides bike with owner in a basket
I've got a metal straw for my drink instead of plastic one
Apparently, the way I peel my mandarins
This Bob Ross themed door a coworker made at our school...
The only song that works with this poster
Too many cans, or not enough beer?
This long piece of toilet paper that didn't get cut
uranium ore,bet you didn’t know it looked like this.
My mom has money with all 8's as the Serial Number
Just looking toward the window at boarding school and the trees seems to says "fock u" or pointing the sky
The path this water took on the way to the drain
Soap from dispenser dissolving bonding agent in tile
This really long crosswalk stretches from one building to the other.
My cat eating broccoli
Uber is trying to tell me something
When the first thing you see in the morning is a beautiful personality!
This book I found with mold on it
My son’s shorts look like they say something else from this angle..
Found this book online, then realized I wasn't on Reddit.
The way my tea settled on the bottom of this large mug
Look at this long ass apple Jack
Deep Blue, the Great White. The biggest of her kind known today and is said to be around 50 years old. THE SIZE OF THIS BEAST.
Just found this on the web - realized I wasn't on reddit
a rare glimpse of a orange moon in sg
Actually seeing this meme at 8:47
In case you didn't know just how big wolves are...
This line aged well didn't it.
I fell asleep on top of a quilt and freaked myself out in the mirror with the hourglass shape that appeared
This thicc tomato
If you're visiting Cyprus, you can have a drink at this Flintstones-themed bar.
A dried out newt we found in our office today
Half fish half shrimp. Anyone know what this is?Found washed up on the beach in South Florida.
This toilet sign is made using light and shadow
A German circus started using holograms instead of real animals and it looks awesome
My school apparently locked anything that has to do with Trump
This fence that looks angry AF
This big Rose in my neighbor's garden
A walk in the rain turned my pants a shade of gray!
This dinosaur-shaped cloud covering the setting sun
This dries your shoes but doesn’t ruin them from tumbling around
My laser machine made my yarn electrical
A tank got pulled over in my area
This medicine has the chemical formula on the back
A street in my hometown is combination of 4 different roads.
I have never seem this type of pencil before.
A portal to another dimension.
Where chocolate comes from. Raw cacao beans in their pod. [xpost r/pics]
My phone was at 55% at 5.55 in the morning today.
My university is having a class to teach us how to wash our hands...
What happen this time?
This 6 wheeler short-haul delivery bike
I found 5 VHS tapes behind my new house
I measured my new apartment with a laser measuring device. The dot is permanent.
Underground tunnel between concourses at Detroit airport
So that's why Harley Quinn and Joker is a pair
This fat crossing guy
This cool sunrise
Street art Krakow, Poland
Nice
This petal looks like a Ghost
This English book in the school where I work illustrates the word beautiful with a photo of a cat.
Today I saw the most perfect cloud Chicken. It made me smile.
This CCTV monitoring a water discharge pipe
This CCTV moniotoring a water discharge pipe
Today I saw a perfect cloud chicken. It made me smile.
The light pollution where I live. This was taken at 10:30pm last night (it's winter here).
Three physics lessons in one glass of cleaning liquid: photoluminescence, refraction, total internal reflection. (UV light in top left)
Three physics lessons in one glass of cleaning liquid: photoluminescence, refraction, total internal reflection. (UV light in top left)
My red apple had no red on one strip
Heart rate before, during and after my first bungee jump. Victoria Falls.
This doorbell in Venezia. (Doorbells, speaker and letter box)
How big a bald eagle actually is
This photo that looks like a GTA graphics mod
How bright the moon is right now (7:30 AM)
My Fallout clock
Deleted some code from an image in notepad ++, made this pretty cool corruption
Everything in the house burnt down but the toilet paper is just lightly toasted
My dog dabs when she sleeps
My job still uses floppy disks.
A pregnant pepper
Its a Mario
So that's what it's for
These posts
This bird tree
This statue with clown makeup in Copenhagen.
A clay sponge after 1 hour of use(left), versus one year(right)
A plant (and some moss) growing out of a Hyundai.
I got a bigger carrot than the other guy
Can we take one moment to apreciate reddit for now helping suicide victims? Love you Reddit!
This keychain for people with unusual names
As the sun was setting it showed my veins
Sulphur vents. Owakudani, Japan
Super talented jail inmate. A tiny plastic flexible pen is issued to all inmates, so this outgoing mail is impressive
Excavation work in Birmingham UK revealed an old railway turntable.
An old paperweight surrounding a sample of crude oil. It's shaped like an oil drum and on the top is a map showing the oil well that the sample came from: Dammam No. 7.
The boss of a animal food company
The below sea level area in Australia is shaped like a porpoise
This can lets you know when its cold with thermo-reactive ink on the word COLD
From the recent Australian bushfires - a radio locker from an ambulance, smoke damaged
Ripping the sticker off this apple created a nearly perfect heart
Hand crafted clear pine frame for a Harry Potter 1000pc put together by my girlfriend and me! [OC]
My bed at 11:48 pm with a full moon
The size of this silica packet
Double chocolate block.
My two £10 notes were made one after the other
This huge sundial at Yumebutai in Awajishima, Japan (was cloudy though)
Steam on window kinda looks like sound waves
The way the fish look like they're floating in air
I found this reflection interesting
Now there is a first
I really enjoy my job
If hitler didn’t kill all those jews people wouldn’t think he was that bad...
24 Store is closed
The way the moon illuminates the clouds
Found this old Half Penny.
My toilet paper has eyes.
My iris has rings in it
Motorcycle stand.
The paths this dog made by running up to people visiting her.
Amazing video on facts of Amazon Rain forest
Burning 2x4 + metal pole + slow-mo= this. Thought it was a little interesting.
I finally captured the trifecta!
bismuth crystals are cool (sorry for the bad quality)
This split-inverted keyboard
While working today, I found a pile of razors behind a mirror.
Local bar here in Idaho
Knocked over bag of rice crackers while reading, this is what spilled out. (Except for the identical one I ate before noticing–5 second rule.)
My rescue dog’s face after her first time ever being professionally groomed. #DoinAProud
Took that pic then I saw a buzz lightyear, can you see it ?
Ladies parking found in a shopping mall in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
If you select “view page source” on Disney+ you’ll find a Walt Disney quote about curiosity
If you select “view page source” on Disney+ there’s a Walt Disney quote on curiosity
Amazon Fresh. 2 Hour GROCERY delivery. I think they messed up
I saw this sticker on a car today.
Someone spray painted “31 FLAVAZ” on the side of my local Baskin Robbins.
UFO activities on moon
My chemistry teacher wrote the history of the universe and the hydrogen bomb one one paper
This ring fits perfectly in this mat
In Israel due to Coronavirus you can’t sit in the front seats of the bus because it’s too close to the driver.
Bought beans at Costco, one can label was put on backwards
This punny add on the subway in NYC 7 line.
The Shadow from the snow made a screaming little man.
My red bell pepper had a green strand growing inside it.
This hand washing poster generator seemed to work out perfectly with this song.
My Class Pad boutta tell me that I'm worth the world and sub to my only fans
A burned frito found at the bottom of the bag
The Baby Terrarium Grass
Which ink will run out first?
Froze Cola, accidentally made a Cola cup.
It looks like this cat has a frog on her nose.
Cool rolling cloudshadows over the East Bay Area, CA
Ice on a soda can that was at the back of the fridge.
Just a chicken roaming the hospital parking lot. I actually walked up to it and it didn't run away
Fog On the local lake
Sand from Lake Michigan under a microscope. Taken from a black strip at the edge of the waves, 15-20% magnetite
Sand from Lake Michigan under a microscope. Taken from a black strip at the edge of the waves, 15-20% magnetite
Sand from Lake Michigan taken from a black strip at the edge of the waves, 15-20% magnetite
steak that looks like rock
Fusion Restaurant
This "Red" marker is actually blue.
Was upvote 666 on a post about death.
Super glued a quarter to the bottom of my lighter to snuff out my bowl between tokes. Left a perfect imprint of George Washington
These ducks hanging out on my neighbor’s roof
Bread clips are called Occlupanidaes and have different classifications
I haven't used my pool in three years and somehow it's growing a whole garden
These garbage cans in Duluth
Can someone please explain to me how the hell this can happen?
You can see the printer's progress when a paper gets stuck
I managed to perfectly shave the brand/logo off a bar of soap
these stapleless staples
The President was on the cover of Playboy magazine 20 years ago
A striped banana
The Thompson Center in Chicago looks like the imperial senate from Star Wars
1/5 of the praise Todd Howard members are online.
How bright the moon is tonight
All the old flyers make this pole look like it has a new bark
I spilled rice and it made a frowny face
Spilled rice and it made a perfect smiley face
this car that looks like it has a cutout from a different car
This is a plate pourer for making agar plates for growing bacteria!
A picture of the supermoon that i took today
Most of the common types of keys are these, while your house key is most likely to be a kwikset.
took a picture of Winter Crime Scene Photograph I bought at TJ Maxx ?? It looks like a drone photo, there’s a police officer, a dog, bloody footprints, any idea what this could be from? I can share more close ups if anyone is interested!
I was at that wedding that everyone was talking about
Art is everywhere
This lamp is hung upside down
A clear lock to help you learn to pick locks
My souvenir keychain from Solvang, California broke off in the rough shape of, well, California...
This design in me placemat looks like kingdom hearts
Here’s a photo of my fossil collection, I’m proud of it as I collected all on my own. Sorry for bad quality.
a very long paper dispenser at college restroom
It's not wrong
This can of peaches was double stamped with it's best by date
This chicken breast mildy resembles a heart
Bought cilantro from Kroger and proceeded to find a single marijuana stalk amongst the bunch
I made a short reed.
All of the toilet paper that’s missing in a local store.
A paper cut that looks like a small sword on my finger
Ask for another straw since the first one was messed up
Birds flying in the formation of a bird.
Reflection from my Dell laptop
I didn't knew that this could be possible.
Anyone wanna help me understand this?
Clear skies with an eerie vibe
My friends insanely high Snapchat streak
The pattern in this coconut oil lid looks like a tree.
An article about the future of phones found in a 1970’s children’s encyclopedia
When you’ll vote for anyone to get Trump out of office
This is a critter I can't ID. Roach?
The new powerade bottle design has 4 less fluid ounces. (or 118 less ml for you folks somewhere else)
This is a critter I can't ID. Roach?
Porcelain doll vibes
When you’re missing a letter (or two)
This women’s restroom sign
A black cataract
The way this screw in the tabletop was cut
The sun shined through the blinds in my office and created perfect diagonal straight lines on the wall.
The way these crystals grew on the nozzle of my spray bottle. It contains a saturated baking soda solution I used to neutralize some spilled acid.
This is cause for celebration in Southern California
Scott’s getting in trouble...
This crying outlet
Today I was going to take a shower and I couldn't find the bottle, and found this attached to the shower curtain.
Today I was going to take a shower and I couldn't find the bottle, and found this attached to the shower curtain.
Today I was going to take a shower and I couldn't find the bottle, and found this attached to the shower curtain.
These pilots flying jets almost equally away from each other and the timing reminds me of cell signal bars
I kinda found it interesting that Eminem’s music video “Mosh” only has 22k views and 101 comments. It was made in 2009.
Chunks of petrified wood randomly in sidewalk.
Bruh. It's so satisfying.
Store sweepstakes game from 1967- Apparently gas stations used to do them too
There are translucent threads that allows the ripped jeans to float across the gap.
The eyes of this cat I spotted today
This book shelf manual predicted my plan
Clearly a Baseball
This Uber has curtains in his car
this bottle of lysol wipes has already labeled it disinfects coronavirus
This different colored cloud that looks like a hat or a UFO.
This very large grape
Found a leaf that looks like a fish skeleton :D
Sand formed this neat rock formation
Found this leave that looks like fish skeleton :D
Yesterday full moon felt like a white hole in the sky !
Speed limit is 45 mph for about 5 ft then goes to 55 mph. Same thing on other side of the road.
I got two fortune cookies in one package
I finally saw one of the test cars that have wild paint jobs to camouflage the design
The pattern these mineral deposits have formed on the side of my ceramic pot!
The light reflecting off this lid made an owl on the wall.
The way this splash of water arranged itself whilst I was washing up
My car 69ed and got an STD
Took a picture of the suns reflection and it looked somewhat like a portal
My gummy worms came with a gummy sperm
This cookie box has a small handle
My Cara cara orange had only one pink section
This kitkat's wafers are facing the wrong direction
The pen on the push-pin looks like it’s floating
the clouds look like waves
There are two types of people.
A cobweb outside my work looks like a noose.
Land O Lakes woman made a comeback on my half and half!
this Uruguayan Amethyst Stalactite🤩💫✨
These small ice-pop tubs are extremely effective in the summer heat of south east China
These small ice-pop tubs are extremely effective in the summer heat of south east China
The way this hotel mirror shows the weather for the day in the hotel hallways
My smile fries had a random smile frog
Room at Worcester Polytechnic Institute that houses the university’s 10kW nuclear reactor from 1959-2011. [OC]
Circuit board saying hi
There’s a pi symbol in the bottom right of the message section on reddit.
I was board and I had a broken saxophone reed, so I made a short reed.
Last night’s clouds made a “no moon” sign around the moon.
My crockpot says ‘Keep Werm’ instead of ‘Keep Warm’
This leaf Skelton I found out in my yard
This old car that’s been stuck in the woods across from my house for over 50 years
This FM car radio goes to the hundredths place
I put in 4 orders of the same item and they each came in a different package
My mom got some massive strawberries
This apple I bought at Costco is split down the middle for 2 different colors
Oooh the irony....
Triple krave
Amaryllis didn’t grow last year. This year it over compensated.
These chopstick lightsabers.
The texture of a frozen waffle
The texture of a frozen waffle
this exit sign has a unique design. never before have i seen one like this.
Windows 10 on a CRT monitor
Sequential $20 bills fresh from the ATM
Found a Civil War button in my yard.
My makeup sponge came with nutritional information
My heart rate the day I proposed to my fiancée
My “sterile” bandaid came with a fluff under the paper
My local movie theater has a safe needle disposal bin in the washroom
This new donut pop-up in my mall looks like an open box of donuts in the front
My girl Scout Cookie was made backwards
How the rainbow separates light sky and dark sky
This older series $20 I got from my bank was designed the year I was born
The barcode on this container of cookie dough
$30 dollars at my local Stewart's (almost) got me exactly 12 gallons of gas.
The way those last two pictures lined up
Out of the loop, and probably a wrong sub. I had no idea usb cable's could be classified as male or female
Lost one of my sandles for about a month or 2. Found it on a floor heater in our apt
This box of books at work was filled with chapters ripped from other books other than paper or airbags
This line on my apple.
This ingredients list that also includes percentages
This trailer shaped like a giant toaster
Someone drew Pacman on this manhole cover
All of my law tests put together makes a rainbow
Two spoons for one.
Vanta Black Rolls Royce
This apple
18 spotted ladybug I found a while back
This seashell I found that waxing gibbous moon.
These trees are a little behind the other trees in blooming because of the shade from a bigger tree.
This tree serving hard time in solitary confinement at the community center
This picture was taken on a crappy flip phone
These logs that were submerged in a beaver pond for decades. The spear like protrusion on the middle one is the heartwood of the tree which was either a pine or a hemlock.
This close call cut a sheet of metal made in my work gloves.
This new book I bought has a page on the history of the font used in the book
This massive strawberry.
This new book I bought has a history of the font used in the book
This croissant I brought home turned out to be the Loafarina of Time
Commercial truck damage vs. normal car damage at 5mph, this is why you should be careful driving around big rigs.
This 10 digit check number has 7 0’s
This inventory checking robot
This guy who kinda looks like Obama
this tree grew in an arch
This very polite street sign
How do you use the mini pocket in jeans?
i have to dance to get my cat to move because i can’t touch him don’t know where to post this
Published in Childcraft Encyclopedia, copyright 1970.
The barcode I got on my lemonade
This restaurant that now accepts emergency supplies as payment
USB charger on my bus seat
What he invented again?
This sheet of bubble wrap with a bubble missing
My Pringle came with one end folded up
This old stuffed elephant head on the wall at the Harvard club in New York.
Rust on my neighbor's bathroom vent looks like a cheese burger
The way this tree grew around a fence
One of my oreo cookies had a side that was inside out
Self playing piano
This literal “child lock” sticker on my Toyota.
Owl pellet contents I found today. I believe it’s remains of a vole, Northern Saw-whet owl was responsible for this.
The moths around my house have adapted to blend in with the rocks
I really sang this while washing my hands
The flowers on this plant look like little Angels
Flatbed on a Flatbed
Speed limit: 7
Item coming from China to US, deadline delivery Friday. Wonder if it will make it with current international issues
I drank the whole water bottle without knowing where the cap was
Dates and days on 1964 calendar are the same in 2020
Aluminum cast of an ant mound
This book I was browsing through cites a reddit users comment
A storm literally picked up and moved this road
This abomination of misaligned windows.
My smoothie had a vibrant purple color, thanks to the dragon fruit in it.
My brothers points on Xbox
140k with 140 miles left in the tank
The designs in the sand after the tide went out at the beach today
Found this 19 MPH speed limit sign...
This pizza has two crusts
My old high school Vans rubbed away to reveal a hidden code of sorts, any thoughts?
Some potatoes I forgot about in my cabinet started sprouting
This Ferrari has a suction cup luggage rack on top
Heffalumps and Woozles
The water ring left behind by my bong looks like a peace sign
I recently went to the St. Louis Arch. Looked down and saw this...
Coronavirus --&gt; Take care of your health and protect others. Stay home if you are sick!
I noticed something in my dogs vaccine book that I’ve never noticed before. Vaccine from 2015.
My grandfather’s final stack of firewood waiting to be split.
Office Bathroom has rubber covers for the Peekers...
The French word for paper clips is “trombones”
The four-leafed clovers I found while taking my dog out.
Just notice a pattern on my cats back loocks like a Bird in flight.
Hit a milestone in my car this weekend....
This eggs had the sell by date printed on it
1/2 Double A Battery
The Spanish word for paper clips is “trombones”
A sideways KitKat
Australia has little facts on their pad wrappers
This entire wall that’s a dry erase board.
This thing I found on the floor
The stage of Hamilton with the lights on.
This wooden post with a lot of nails
A sign that shows how many free parking spaces are left at the parking lot building real-time.
Light from my window makes it look like my empty Switch controller is on.
1€ visualized as 1€, 50, 20, 10, 5, 2 and 1 cents. Sorry, couldn't stack the 1 cents...
This cloth is used to carry hot bowls you put in the microwave.
This rubberband in a drawer was shaped like a perfect G clef
The way this kid draws at my school
Two sliders, one top bun
How slow my data is (FUCK SPR*NT)
It’s been raining all day. Like a good 12 hours. The back of this tree is dry.
Two forks. One package.
Correct me if I’m wrong but those two 2’s should be 3’s. Cost me a game.
The flicker effect when filming a low quality light bulb
Some numbers on my blueberry. I like to think it's his bodycount. Yes it's a he. And he's dangerous. Aight imma eat him
This meter in a Penn State parking garage is for people to donate spare change to THON (a student run charity for children with cancer)
The chairs in the break room at my office are upholstered in binary. (Sadly, they don't say anything...)
Lower Manhattan from ISS moments after the collapse of the South Tower
this umbrella is a working usb port (solar?)
My cat has a M on his forehead
This tool at my work still has the instructional VHS tape.
This tool for reaming bungholes
This dog's leash being ear buds
Arabian city at night looks like a CPU.
When mom says you can only have one
3 generations in hand wrinkles.
Fried chicken designed erasers
Look at my arm, the angle and shadow I have it in makes it look like I have two different skin tones.
This rock I found that looks like a dragon skull
This whale on my desk
My pants match my friends hat
Got my hand stuck between two 100 kg pull force magnets
The quarantined Princess Cruise Liner passing right in front of my room in SF to dock in Oakland
These reversed clock
These reversed clock
One of the wheels of the white board meted into the floor
COVID-19 Information that we put up today
The face on my hygrometer is wrong imo
A bioplastic we made from cornstarch and glue in chemistry class
...but WHY does my password have to be less than 10 characters???
This Sanitary Door Opener I found at a Dominoes Pizza
Same picture, different beans
Exactly 1.5 Atomic Fireballs
Ancient uno cards
This "half" speed limit sign in my neighborhood
The size of my dog’s foot (front left)
The inside of a soda machine
This coin I found in my dog’s bed
Today I hit 69420 miles in my car while going 69 MPH
Interesting Shift at my work!
The addition of googly eyes to this potato
Some beautiful prose that I can across in the restroom
Thank you box of free stuff on the corner, for this pristine masterpiece.
This is why they are called "blue" prints.
Accidentally knocked my coin bank off the table and it fell into a bag on the floor
I am on disability and recieved my tax statement today, I received 2 of them, I wanted to know why the claim numbers are different? Is this unusual?
This pile of my wife’s dirty clothes and my own dirty feet on the floor in front of me while I’m taking a dump.. plus that damned drawer that never seems to close all the way.
Mushroom-Penis-Schwarzenegger-squeezy thing crane game in Japan.
This green a red apple
Double full rainbows
I got just a peanut in my bag of fake mnm’s
The handle of this knife that I bought is designed to look like a deer paw
Chupa chups soda? Tequila sparkling apple?!
Corona Virus Questionnaire now I feel safer
This elevator call panel has a cleaning mode countdown
This nail salon I drove by
Today is the 69th day of the year. Nice.
It looks like the Mountain Dew is only for "US residents 18+"
Rain droplets holding their water tension on the waters surface.
This spherical egg
Rat Mouse Gerbil Hamster
Thought it was a person watching but it's just some clothes (in the orange-ish window)
A badgers skull (More below)
If you go to O’Reilly auto parts and search for item 121g this is what you get
Seen inside a car in the parking lot. I really hope this isn't an air freshener.
I balanced 4 Cadbury Creme eggs
My egg yolks made a smiley face
This MiniSD card's price has dropped 83% since 2015
My icecream spilled almost perfectly
A metal sheet put over the drain opening to prevent debris from draining to the local creek
This rock looks like a slice of pork belly
This cheese curd was way bigger than all the other cheese curds we packaged
My fortune cookie had a misprint
Local Ma-And-Pop coffee shop uses a Starbucks mug for a toilet brush holder...
Looks like an old woman but it's just some clothes (I think)
I found everything my cat has shoved under the crack in my wall
Local Ma-And-Pop coffee shop uses a Starbucks mug for a toilet brush holder...
This Chinese restaurant that uses the Led Zeppelin ‘Celebration’ font
This see through water bottle
This see through water bottle
The lemon (lime?) in this guy's drink is the same colour as the birds on his shirt
This see through water bottle
This see through water bottle
My burrito came with two tortillas
The lemon(lime?) in this guy's drink is the same colour as the birds on his shirt.
The lemon(lime?) in this guy's drink is the same colour as the birds on his shirt.
Baby banana in a pack of shrimps and bananas
One of my plates broke almost perfectly in half.
This notice that came with my disposable vape
This ice cube continually filling with carbon dioxide and then flipping over
This cheesecake was made in the future
My parent's new LG fridge has a Sabbath mode
We tied without losing any pieces
This old tv in a doctor’s waiting room
Tied game of checkers with no lost pieces
This morning’s coffee came with a sad little penis.
her backpack and shirt are almost identical but not actually identical
Part of my £2 coin collection
Unmelted frost in the shadow of a car
This ski resort has bad reviews posted around the resort
Huge moon in northern Sweden
1937 Yearbook Superlatives at my high school
90's wireless mechanical mouse with huge receiver [OC]
My pot of water just before it begins to boil
Saw the end of a rainbow for the first time in my life
Another plane was in view from my plane window
Saw the end of a rainbow for the first time in my life
My microwave popcorn somehow got vacuum sealed while it was in the microwave.
This rain splat looks like a bullet hole on glass
How my friend still doesn’t know how to spell Coronavirus
The way this trunk has grown into a heart shape
It’s not real
The spice of life
Jelly with foam
My friend and I sent weird videos at the same time on different days
Looks like you just tipped the rotors of your toy helicopter
All four rooms have different lighting and meet at one point.
Bats painted on a bat box
My cat matches my tile
The way this tea brews.
This hot chocolate at a pub looks like a Ying Yang
Found this really old packet of Pluberfix in my draw. I think it's about 16 years old.
My vet office has treats for all kinds of visitors.
This drop of coffee on the stairs at the cafe I work at looks like a perfectly written "G".
Cat looks like it's part of the cushion
My school has a fascist statue in America
these mini uno cards
Who do you think is gonna have the "coronavirus" game?
Some limited Mac 24k gold wrenches
If i bite my arm my bite mark looks like a smiley face
My parents have a map of bills from around the world
A Picture of Rügen My Great Great Uncle Drew ~80 Years ago and the same Location now.
One view one minute mmmmm...
Horchata in a soda machine
This misprinted oreo
My blue light blocking glasses reflecting blue light.
These traffic lights have awesome light syncing poles
This tiny future leaf on my rubber plant
This meat piece from my dinner that looks like a vulture
My blue light blocking glasses reflecting blue light.
This rose has two center swirls
A different take on the cowboy
WI pork chop
A Split Watermelon Bowl
This wall is covered with oyster shells
Just in case you wondered what a crap Emoji pen looks like
There’s no O
This bathroom door
Lightning striking a plane inside a rainbow
Lightning striking a plane inside a rainbow
Lightning striking a plane inside a rainbow
She isn't wrong tho
Actual photo of my grandmother giving flowers to jawalal nehru (first Indian prime minister)
This fish that looks like Hitler
Tiny water particles formed in my friend's glue
When the blinds make perfect lines.
3 different Amazon packages arrived at 1 delivery.
These traffic light poles that sync colors with the traffic light itself
I happen to eat this yogurt on the day it gets expired. Also it says yoghurt.
These traffic light poles that sync colors with the traffic light itself
my school has a statue of its mascot, and placing some stuff on his head really changes how it makes you feel when you look at it.
Our old TV hanger have upvote symbol
This toilet brush holder at a local Ma-And-Pop coffee shop...
These traffic light poles that sync colors from on the color of the traffic light
The brush the window cleaner was using that sprays water
Old library keyboard, showing the varying levels of use on the keys. Notice how E is much more worn than W.
I happened to eat this yogurt on the day it gets expired. Also it says yoghurt.
This metal desk
Hair growth from 6 weeks in a cast (left) compared to not (right)
Corona Virus Questionnaire today at the doctors office 🙄
Seems legit.... smh
This rock looks like a steak
You used to have to gas Comoros from the back
This crack in the sidewalk kinda looks like Texas
Th UV light strip on my pc bleached a line in my desk.
A local cat in my neighborhood has 6 toes on each foot
When moon creates a beautiful light tunnel in the water on 69th day of the year!
I found a bagette dino in my grocery store
I spelled his name wrong, and exactly one result showed up on google of another person on Reddit who also spelled it wrong
Clouds makes it look like we are on the move!
This shadow from my fan looks pixelated
What he invented again?
I found dozens of spherical rocks on the edge of a reservoir in MS.
Microwave Oreo with a little milk for 1 minute makes a cake (Steps in comment)
A house inside a crumpled building in Croatia, on island Bol
My school put a tarp over the fields for the winter, when they took them off, the grass was really green
If hot springs can keep you THAT warm in winter, I want some in my garden! Unfortunately those were the Takaragawa Onsen in Japan....
Interesting roof-art
A road covered by lava
The way that the sun shines through clouds.
Light sleeping through my drapes gave my cat a quest for me
This is my favourite medium, duct tape. I learned this a few years ago in grade 11. Its done with 3+ layers of tape
The way this snow pile melted
We have nice bar here in Finland
Look at this one shows how much is left
This leaf that looks like the head of a unicorn
The snow creating rectangles as it slides through the wire mesh roof of my garden enclosure.
Me and my friend live 4 km apart but the weather difference is huge
Moss growing in rectangles to match the shadow of the bench's seat.
Local hero spotted in Toronto
The way this plant drew a circle in the sand at the beach in Cape Cod
Found a monster carrot. Cucumber for scale.
This is the longest rice crispy I’ve ever seen!
I just dunno what so say here .
CT scanner with the cover taken off
Outlook quarantined an email about coronavirus.
“Holi“ festival marks the beginning of spring in India
The clouds broke
pregnant garlic
A chonky old Pikachu plush I found in my house
The toilet paper at work has a right and a wrong side
This super big advanced clean hand soap bottle... wallet for size.
The reflected light from my snake's heat lamp looks moderately disgruntled
Sorry admins, they don’t believe me.
I removed a bit of tin and found all these lizards lined up this way.
This structure I found on my backpacking trip
This LEGO piece looks happy
It had not been dusted for so long that the logo was reproduced with dust.
This shopping cart with normal wheels
This is a solar powered bench that provides free wi-fi and free phone charging either via wireless or cable port. It's in my local village city
I was told to compare this lemon to a banana.
A crane machine for toilet paper.
Drop off zone: STOP, HUG, DRIVE. (School in Norway)
A picture of the trees reflected on a phone I took a while back
There was a lonely giant stuffed teddy bear set up all neat with a bottle liquor in a closed down bakery
the way the water level of my cup perfectly matched the top of my Cheerios bowl
How my gnocchi organized while being cooked
This last bit of melting snow in my driveway
My husband’s garage shoes after 10 years of wear. Zoom in.
A Beautiful Scenery
This album’s background color matches iOS’ dark mode perfectly.
Two versions of the same meme showing up one after the other in my feed.
My friend's Borneon 1 cent coun from 1887
Believe it or not, this is actually a lemon. It was found in my garden.
The way my cat's food paste coiled when drawn up into a syringe with water in it
Urinal with a target to aim.
My 2-year old son swallowed a coin... the x-ray speaks for itself.
Interesting “coincidence”
My Android phone has a neat little cat collecting easter egg.
Hair Salon in Bangalore
My shoe (top) compared to my gf's shoe (bottom)
Spilled some ink in my notebook and smeared it around, kinda looks cool
My tiddies hidden well
This is a roll of 20,000 ounces of pure silver ready to be cut into coins, a market value of $339,600 U.S.
Indians are burning Demon Covid-19 on this Holi.
A bird left its print after flying into a window
Train in Japan has a ninja on top
This very small 'T' on this restaursnts menu
How to visualize a 3d objects Surface Area on 2d paper
What a fire from 4 blocks away looks like.
This should be more available.
My neighbour asked if I would like a Zucchini he grew in his garden...
Small branch creates dry patch on bark
Skeleton Lincoln
These clouds making a perfect circle around the moon (this was taken at 1:22 am)
My neighbour asked if I would like a Zucchini he grew in his garden...
The remote to my TV is on the same frequency as my strip lights
This shelf/not-a-shelf that fixes to walls without screws
"Vel" is short for Velours(velvet) for the smooth/loop side and "Cro" is short for Crochet, French for Hook for the hook side, because the inventor George de Mestral was French. Now you know, enjoy.
My retainer cleaners’ ink bled onto my sink surface.
These tiny tomatoes my mums friend grew
My son's new coat features a familiar dinosaur on the buttons
My teabag came without a string
This technically true box at my local shop
This tiny grater my mum has
This piece of venison jerky i was eating resembles just like a destroyer ship from star wars.
This broccoli surrounded by beet juice
The colors of this car and the building behind it match.
The way that the other person's reflection is in their eye.
This tree grew around a strap that was left behind
Regional giraffe patterns
Largest red alder in the world by circumference
This fish looks like Pixar fish
Came across a perfectly rolled Dorito.
An add miss fired and I got to see the code
1583 is as far as you can touch on Apple’s “Calendar” app.
These 2 leaves that I found that had opposite coloration
My cats were looking outside in the rain, and I noticed their fur is opposite.
This sign that experienced the threat it was warning
You can see each successive refill of my smaller soy sauce bottle.
what my cat is looks like when she see something that isn't there
"went to Venice in early 2000 and thought I was being artsy" Reupload of original because people like to camp on those rules.
This is how I clock in and clock out at my new job. I’ve never seen this before??
Spider in my backyard
I saw a car in downtown LA filled with hundreds of Jerry Maguire VHS tapes
Random bird in our school library
Found this cool Ice shape while walking recently
This ugly Smartie
The way the letters fell off this sign
Gotta find out what they're selling here
This icicle bush
This napkin with a map of the Paris Underground on it
The emptiness of this random road in the Australian Outback.
One side of my Oreo came upside down
The reflection of this red umbrella looks like a puddle of blood on the ground
This m&amp;m I got had two shells
The bar code on this cookie dough is shaped like an oven mitt
One way is up, one way is down. Taken from an airplane over the Caribbean. Guesses?
One way it up, one way is down. Taken from an airplane over the Caribbean.
My Cheerios have little hearts in them
Went to Venice in early 2000 and thought I was being artsy.
Torn slice of cheese looks like dog head
the pulsing of this tree
I got scared when I saw the shape of the water that dripped on the table while I was working in my notebook 🤯
This person's outfit at Ikea raises many questions.
A perfect circle effect around the moon tonight.
It looks like this coca cola pillow is glowing at intervals due to the LED lighting
Found this tree of bras in a ski resort.
A duck(cat?) I found when inspecting Amazon's code!
This axe stuck into the target by its handle
I found a tiny apple next to the sidewalk.
Legit check anyone? The seller is saying be threw the insoles away. How do they look?
My daughter's lint is fun purple but mine is dull grey
This Giant Jar of Reese's Peanut Butter Sauce
Looking up through my sunroof at the rain. There are clouds in the raindrops...
sunlight from the setting sun on pine needles looks like a spiders web
An interesting take on a Prowler in an old Playboy magazine
I have so many questions
This bread shaped like a play button
Not sure if you guys find this as interesting as I do, but my thumb is like the miniature version of my big toe.
These stairs tell you how many calories burned per step
Tiktok girl with TWELVE FINGERS!!!
Life uh... finds a way.
This lamppost’s shadow looks like a man with a shield.
This new office that I will be working in this summer is made in a 20' shipping container.
The Land O'Lakes Indian woman disappeared
Non-Scoopable Scoop
This little gnome I found, with a note jammed up his butt
Either an extra 0 or an out of place comma.
I found a squid on the beach tonight
I took 2 orbeez and made them look like an eye
Right angle tree root
Was getting donuts and found this
So the rumors are true..
I found this sign on the ground and thought it was odd
Fixing a race car with tape
I got bored at work
Took a half-sun pic of my eye and got a weird halo effect on the dark side
The birds are spiderman-ing on this ledge.
Reese’s puffs are my best friend
My “SMART” TV forgot about the time change.
These bananas are still green, yet they are developing spots that show they are ripe
this backpack has a clear tan-line
These 3 almost identical comment threads
The bottom of my coffee cup.
Mouse got caught in mouse trap and then dies trying to get back into its couch of a house.
A prison shank my dad got stabbed with in the late 60's while working his way through college
This retro-aesthetic toaster I spotted in a thrift store
I got bored while playing Yatzee and this happened
The sun bleached away the lines on my binder paper
The way the Sun lines up with the top of this building from our parking spot
The way this ice formed in hexagonal-ish towers
I found a banana chip on steroids
This Weird Perfect U Shaped Piece of Pasta
I noticed that my bug bites have a white ring around them
This is an unfiltered picture of the moon tonight
This tiny egg one of my chickens laid
This old drink mixing card I have.
Where are her footprints?
This Pringle’s machine at my local paintball arena
This is a gift card you can get at the droid shop in Disney’s Galaxy’s Edge and you can use it anywhere in Disney.
This is a gift card you can get at the droid shop in Disney’s Galaxy’s Edge and you can use it anywhere in Disney.
This canoe in a tree.
My abstract painting looks like coral!
For the first time I have ran out of ink without losing my pen
My abstract painting looks like coral.
I found what looks like an ad for some kind of cult
Air China gave us these wet naps on our flight. The twist: these were made in the United States.
A picture of giant chimes compared to regular chimes
Blocks of ice cut from a lake.
The way the cursor transitions between monitors
Pretzel broke apart without breaking either loop.
My socks keep shape after being worn
The ground had foot imprints where people stand to use the cash machines.
The way these lasers go through the smoke
This one clear sprite bottle
Tiny mushroom I found in my noodles
The shape of this barcode on a box of jelly beans.
This kit Kat defect
This urinal gives you a target to aim at
The death of empathy, a viral infection, alas?
This Walgreens made from a movie theater
Here’s some popcorn after I chewed on it
My drink was served on a small bathtub with a rubber duckie
This undercover streetlight disguised as a bush.
This ad for a one day sale that lasts three days.
Can't unsee it
In Argentina 5 pesos bills aren't legal anymore but the government failed to replace them with coins, some Chinese supermarkets are now giving this 'bills' as change
Two boxes of the same cereal I bought at the same time have different nutrition labels
This horse’s nose has an upvote button
A smiley face showed up on my pinky nail
Headstone alignment at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery
Even this humble carrot stub is photogenic in the golden hour
[OC] perfect impression on this rock
Millard Fillmore looks like Alec Baldwin
Millard Fillmore looks like Alex Baldwin
The way my girlfriend left her hair ties in bathroom makes it look like it is a scared emoji
I was taking notes and flipped my lined paper over to find the only one that had no horizontal lines on the back
If you look close you can see the square. We took the tarp off of the lawn and it is still seen a half a year later where it was once set.
The whole side of this building is fake
The whole side of this building is fake
I spent 35 minutes taking the seeds off a strawberry.
Uber sent me the most hackable code today
This face flavored wasp nest
This mis stamped paper bowl
The reflection off my window made my eye rainbow.
This open outlet that looks like 5 gum
For some reason my middle finger has never had any cuticle
What an empty 787 looks like
Cleaning out my old room to find this, it’s neat how far we’ve come since.
Got a box full of about 7 giant strawberries.
First time posting. The hand sanitizer section of target.
This pencil made of recycled denim my mom gave me yesterday
Contrails in the night sky
The dollar coin changed to Ulysses S Grant
You can see the air intake spinning in the f-18 on FSX
Australian biomebank pays $25 for depositing stool!! https://biomebank.org/faqs
All the tubes in my Smarties 4pk have the same question on the lid
March in Iowa
Went to the hospital to check-up on a family member and found out that Michael Keaton was born there
This tree that's eating a "Union St" sign
There's a stalagmite made of ice outside of my condo in Breckenridge
Today I built a snowman. I hope you find this as interesting as I do :)
The acapella/musical movie “Pitch Perfect” is based on a book
This tiny set of Venetian blinds in the emergency room
The text on the back of this hockey bench
The texture of this sticker on a neighborhood signpost
Evening Moon
Soda bubbles aligning inside the straw
Walmart charged paper bag under jacket
My Headless Chicken
These restroom door symbols at this restaurant
My gift card has wtf in the code.
Found in a Chinese buffet
Must have come at the right time. ;)
A paper towel roll that uses two smaller, separate pieces. It also uses a lighter adhesive, as no paper is left stuck to it
My local Dairy Queen has a sign that says don’t forget to flip me upside down
Almost spilled my drink and it stayed like this
This display at Burger King that tells you the calorie count of food that isn't even displayed.
This banana has been monetized
This cloud that looks like a Star Destroyer
Cereal in my local grocery store. Missed an opportunity to have two L's in loops
This region ain't called the Northern Rivers for nothing
the life of a leaf
Seems a little expensive for burgers
Mango I peeled looks like an egg from the movie Alien
The way my friends nails match my hydroflask
Pedometers from China travelled over 3000 steps in the post
I made this little box out of poison ivy wood last year, thought you guys might appreciate
Our lawnmower keychain
the frost that survived in this cars shadow
Our Doberman has somehow managed to rub a perfectly Doberman shaped head print in the dog door
This Japanese restaurant in Auckland, New Zealand has Taco Bell chairs
I was walking my dog on a trail and I found a jet ski in a tree.
These siamese bananas
Hand sanitizer is out of stock, making my own
You can buy a baby Giant Sequoia in a "can"
In Vietnam the people believe that if a person is not buried properly then their soul will wander eternally in pain and misery. During Vietnam the US exploited this by playing bhuddist funeral music and a “dead Vietcong” telling them to surrender and they won’t suffer the same fate(more in comments)
The inside of the top of the ice cream container looks like a face!
Removing a sticker on this lightsaber that's been on for 18 years reveals how nice the plastic used to look.
When traffic light has a character guiding you
This “weather station” at a beachside restaurant that I went to in Hawaii.
There’s a ~90 degree angle in this contrail
This door lock to looks like a bird
BMW 7 series with the whole thang dropped. Sorry for weird blur going on.
In Vietnam the people believe that if a person is not buried properly then their soul will wander eternally in pain and misery. During Vietnam the US exploited this by playing bhuddist funeral music and a “dead Vietcong” telling them to surrender and they won’t suffer the same fate(more in comments)
The first case of coronavirus in Kentucky was identified and isolated at Harrison Memorial, the same hospital where Rick was when he woke up to the zombie apocalypse in The Walking Dead.
My battery wrap is channeling is inner surfer dude
Some random fingerprint frozen onto my ice cream sandwich
This hurts my head
Tupperware sample strainer found in my grandmothers cabinet.
This Dragon sculpture in Singapore's Gardens by the bay.
The way this bubble formed on my cocktail
Saw a goose balancing on one leg while out for a walk
The finger prints on this iPad
This Giant 3 Legged Chair Outside the UN in Geneva, Switzerland
My dog’s black fur grows faster than his white fur.
This Giant 3 Legged Chair Outside the UN
Wet floor sign that looks like a banana peel.
Yay, back to back serial numbers. Why does this bring me so much joy?
The giant 3-legged chair outside the UN
This giant 3-legged chair outside the UN
My girlfriend has a pencil case made from zippers
I managed to get order #000 at Sheetz just now
This mini pinecone I found in my shoe.
Clock that reads 'Time flies backwards'
My counterfeit bill marker doesn’t work on newsprint
Multicolored tomatoes
this tomato has a mini tomato growing out of it
The moon looks like Sauron‘s eye tonight
Someone drove through the common yard and now the grass is greener in the tracked area.
I found a bottle of vanilla coke with a purple cap
Sugar refinery
Iridescent clouds with moon light
Not sure if this belongs in this subreddit but i but wanted to share
Stunning sea views and nice bit of vintage artillery
Pooping tree
This cap has a picture/word game on the bottom
Squared trees in Sevilla, Spain
Spawned in, started exploring and found natural skyblock
Half dollar coin. My first time seen one. Apple for scale. Don’t have a banana.
So this happened yesterday...
This is a blurred edited image of my dog. But I only edited it in the camera editing area
This wine glass has a line indicating the amount of wine that should be served
This tree looks like it doesn't want to let go of this sign.
Screens on refrigerator at Walgreens
This pen with a spine and tailbone
Found 2 old coins today after I dropped a glass of them (coins). One penny from 1937 and one nickel from 1958
Just found a super small stop sign here is my dads hand in comparison
Don’t have any interest in either of these videos, yet they appear in my feed side by side
Just found a super small stop sign Here’s my dads and in comparison
Soup of the day at a Mexican restaurant located in Peru, IN
Old Scottish Pound Notes
The Reflection Of One Of My Pillows
Double decker do-si-do
The stoplight is missing the outside cover
I looked at this article about powerful images of women protesters, it was filled with ads for “Fuzzy’s Taco Shop”
This pack of sparkling water has a missing cap
I found this Pac-Man looking BBQ chip
Taken today. Red leaves on a maple, hanging on since fall.
This round taki
These two dots of a different flavor must have been poured next to each other.
Double rainbow in Scotland today
This tree that looks like it’s covered in human skin.
5 dollar bill from 1999
Grass growing in the back of my truck bed under the tool box.
Escitalopram (Lexapro) has in interaction with grapefruit juice
Escitalopram (Lexapro) has a drug interaction with grapefruit juice
I saw a art exhibition that used lasers to produce holograms
These conjoined bags of M&amp;M's
These chocolates divided by colour in the store
The serial number on this 2$ Canadian bill I found (from 1974)
The roads in Amish country have a groove worn into them from all the horses
Although the noncarbonated drinks in my minifridge didn't freeze, my club soda developed little ice crystals.
This man just received his 71st 300 game. Turns out he’s not on a regular league and bowls as an alternate. This way he plays for free and gets a crap ton of practice. Looks like his plan works!
My Receipt came out blank
This oreo had it stamped on the cream
If this is a real job, im in
Upside down speed limit sign in Washington DC
The way the ocean outside reflects off this ceiling lamp
Grandma’s tie tag from 1944.
This coloring book in hospice that helps teach children about death
This Cup Snake (make of beer cups) at the DC Defenders/St. Louis Battlehawks XFL game.
This man’s shirt matches the post above him
This awesome leaf fossil I found
The way my fingerprints flattened out where I touched the edge of a cooking pot (yes, my fingers are ashy, thanks to all that germ preventing hand washing)
This man just received his 71st 300 game. Turns out he’s not on a regular league and bowl as an alternate. This way he plays for free and gets a crap ton of practice. Looks like his plan works!
Ice Wine in a Specialty Bottle
Our neighbor makes toy buildings out of cardboad
A frog got stuck in this section of the sidewalk when it was made
So this is what happens when you leave cotton candy out for three months.
A sign to close the door in a bar in Barcelona. [OC]
Baby Caterpillars!!
This door handle wore down form right handed users
Etched in wood, by me
Blink your eyes
We use the Arabic number system and this is how it originated
We doing old coins? I used to metal detect. Here’s my best one. Or, this really old penny i found in the dirt.
These three crack rocks of garlic seasoning from my favorite snack
Complained to the doctor of an odd heartbeat. Been waiting weeks for an ECG 'specialist' appointment. Proved it to myself using a six quid opamp interface from eBay and an old USB 'scope in the mean time..
The ice froze this corner solid to about a foot down.
This interesting utz ad that looks like a basketball game
Onion cross section
My 4 pack of tuna its just a 3 pack with an extra can
welcome to ankara.
The Yòutube loading circle has 4 dots in dark mode
The Yòutube loading circle has 4 dots in dark mode
This wet floor sign that looks like a banana
This car with wipers for its headlights
Spring training game with the wrong team on the scoreboard. Should be Cubs v D-Backs.
The way the soot built up on a ceramic log in my gas fireplace.
This lemon with no borders
Me and my grandma were cleaning the bird house and this is what their nests look like
The only drug you ever need! (Link in comment)
We got 2 different covers of the Sunday New York Times today
A weird wax formation on my spiral candle
I have a big jar full of cool rocks, and i dumped them out for this photo
This Incredibly Realistic Sculpture Of A Dog
An employee took the time to stack condiment packets. This was not the only one set this way.
N&amp;Ms - we found an M&amp;M with an N on it instead of an M. Might have just been rubbed off by the other ones, but still is pretty interesting to me.
It could be a thousand words.
I have a freckle hidden behind a fold on my ear
This suspicious dog toy/teeth cleaner my roommate just got.
Smithsonian geology card for Amethyst still acknowledges the Soviet Union
N&amp;Ms - we found an M&amp;M with an N on it instead of an M. Might have just been rubbed off by the other ones, but still is pretty interesting to me.
So this bathroom has cup holders
An avocado wallet.
This coke can is taller and thinner than a regular one but holds the same amount, 330ml
My boyfriends pinky toe grew 90 degrees turned
Interesting tree growth
This mechanical pencil I found
Springtime in Minnesota
A deformed Cheeze it.
This tennis ball I found while clearing out our backyard.
The computers in my college's physics lab run iOS on Asus desktops with Apple keyboards and Logitech mice.
This tennis ball found when clearing out our backyard.
New York 1911 (in color) - looking at the Flatiron Building which was build in 1902
My son's playmobil astronaut, has a text in Aurebesh (Star Wars typography, it spells WOLF1)
This guy got 8 upvotes, and I got 4 downvotes. He was literally agreeing with me. We had the same opinion lol
I managed to capture a photo of the elusive long-neck toilet
This Venus Fly Trap I keep in my bathroom.
I managed to capture a photo of the illusive long-neck toilet
Solar plant i work at has backwards clearance measurements so they can be read while backing up
This piece of ice I found on a thawing lake 3 years ago
This avokado with a split pit
Duckduckgo brainfarted. I wonder what the box is
The difference between the easel I bought and my dad's homemade easel.
The fire alarm has Braille on it.
This buckle up sign
My lavalamp before fully melting. I call him "The Molten Man"
This can of corn was missing its label.
Saw this waffle house sign changed to we buy gold!
This power cord has live and neutral outputs marked on it
This note I received with my newly purchased earphones
When put through the dish washer the red came off leaving behind just yellow, but the green was not effected.
This dollar store solar-powered ghost got way scarier after a winter exposed to the elements.
Animal skull found when renovating school softball bullpen
My ghost pen
An interesting way to make sheep statues
The local mall just added a giant wall of sequins
This egg I was cooking reversed itself
A good representation of how much shoes change our height!
Recorded myself doing this in slow motion, that sound though
These stains on my oven that look like the southern cross constellation
When I went to the mountains I took pictures of the landscape and when I was looking at the photos at home I discovered this.
All the flowers on my venus flytrap have bloomed
My friends little brothers collection
When I went to the mountains I took pictures of the landscape and when I was looking at the photos at home I discovered this.
When I went to the mountains I took pictures of the landscape and when I was looking at the photos at home I discovered this.
I made this little box out of poison ivy wood last year, thought you guys might appreciate :)
The restaurant I was in last night asked me not to go #2
A local coffee shop had filler books on the shelves
This log looks like a dragon skull.
The way my left foot remains severely dry despite daily moisturizing, right foot for comparison
That’s it. I’m buying a lottery ticket. (Found these all in my basement)
The way these droplets formed on my bathroom mirror
Found a Wheat penny, the year on the other side says 1936.
I’ve been preparing for this since 2009
What was purchased along with the change.
This flower mutation combined three into one
This vine-covered apartment building
pausing the movie “election” gave me insight into the mind of a prop master.
My girlfriend's birthday gift for me (Riven from League of Legends)
this spider's web left a frosty impression on the glass
Found a razor in the cupboard from 2001, still in it's original packaging
My purse full of love
Longest barcode I've ever seen
I don’t have any words! Yesterday I found an 1899 penny while walking my dog and today I find an 1899 nickel while walking my dog! And this one is in ridiculously good condition!
This tree at my workplace has two different colors of flowers
My Fortune Cookie had an advertisement on the back
The chocolate on my birthday cake looks like the Iron Giant
This is my sweet potato after 8 days in water.
Mushrooms(?) in the trees. Yukon last summer.
The inverted label on my Miller Light bottle
My boyfriend wears these creepy black gloves every time he cooks. When he’s making homemade chilli sauce is the only time that it’s acceptable or necessary IMO.
This dragon light at an old lady's house in my town
Meet Nugget, our a street chicken, fighting the cats and demanding to be fed.
This solitary stored acorn
Light pollution in the Greenhouse Capital of North America.
A pine tree growing in an oak tree
What is this blow dryer on the toilet paper dispenser for?
The amount of metal dust left over after a busy day at a locksmith shop.
The amount of metal dust left over after a busy day at a locksmith shop.
Sign at Skydive Perris says “Propellers Rip Off Heads.”
This snow pattern during an east coast winter storm
This tree eating this ladder.
Maybe he wasn't so bad after all?
This place cans water to save the environment.
People are stockpiling pasta in Tesco because of coronavirus
People are stockpiling pasta in Tesco because of coronavirus
The way my IPhone reflects the sun in my car
The way this pigeon is perched on the statues arm
This Pepsi bottle shaped recycle bin
This furniture store has a interactive display to tell what each furniture is made out of
This Pepsi bottle shaped recycle bin
This Pepsi bottle shaped recycle bin
A dog I’m looking after can make his poop do handstands
lego duplo x kinder
The chick on this brew has an amazing rack of beers in her hands
kinder x lego duplo
The outhouse on the wall in my grandpas man cave is actually a full bathroom
Just found out my phone's camera has an astrophotograph mode that can take pictures of the stars by holding the exposure open for 4 minutes.
Octopuses and goats have the same freaky eyes
3D Printed Snapshots of My Design Process
My coffee grinds after finishing my cup look like trees
This stress ball that deleted Europe.
This picture of a rainbow I took today looks like a Windows background.
This bird's plumage looks like it has a bunch of eyes on it
My phone's infrared camera can see clearly through my sunglasses
Sheet of ice crashing over a dam
My old break pads compared to new ones
The “bolts” used to mount these screws in the foam are actually Ukrainian currency with holes drilled in them
The IR camera on my phone can see through my sunglasses
I recently bought a Google Pixel 4 for its camera and decided I would try out its night sight mode. It was nearly pitch black outside and so I decided now would be a better time than ever. As you can see, it worked a little bit better than expected...
This building has gargoyles along the roof
how this plant grows from a leaf i left on my table 2 weeks ago
Old family book: “Do not touch this book for the owner carries a butcher knife.” - Wilbur Whittaker, Springfield, Ohio
Crinoid Fossils
I found a garbage bin filled with baseball cards while taking out the trash.
This stick growing out of this post
This Is The End Of A Lint Roller (I Personally Haven't Ever Seen One Before)
On the side of a house in a town I visited
An i bean anvil i just finished for school
This vintage game with the women of the house doing dishes in the background.
My milk formed lines showing how much I used each day
It's okay Canadia Bus :)
There is a 100% free game on Steam where all you do is explore parts of Iceland and enjoy the view
Autocorrect in the Montreal newspaper
This bomb shelter next to a bus stop in Sderot, Israel
My parents carpeted bathroom has a pantry door to the toilet.
Our dogs killed the carpet before we could afford to replace it with wood, but paper are glue are glue are cheap! Made with torn-up packing sheets, dictionary pages, chalkboard paper, and Weldbond glue, this lasted several years; as long as we needed it.
This bus has wooden tiles.
This weird icicle hanging off my gutter.
An indented skittle, ik very interesting
I have so many questions...
Pizza and Burger Vending Machine
A blackberry growing out of another blackberry
Pretty sure this bottle of tide is 99+% the Krabby Patty secret recipe. The ingredients are not listed anywhere on the product.
A blackberry growing from another blackberry
This carrot growing in our Chicken coop
A baby snail eating a large cockroach
the comparison to the cheese knife
This Twix only has 3 bars.
I tried marking the 2 but I guess it had a strong gravitational force around it,
my sister's finger
The way some of my stick stayed with my old tape
White target
My Plant Has a Doggo on it's Leaf
The seeds inside this pepper grew while still inside
“Washington and Lincoln (Apotheosis)” 1865, a compelling image.
My Plant Has a Meme Doggo on it's Leaf
Shark shaped chicken finger at aquarium
A onion with a heart inside
The wear on the right handle compared the the left handle.
the bible: Division of the Booty
It's international women's day and Snapchat has the female symbol as the face filter icon!
This big ass container specifically for coffee cups
Bit into this tortilla chip and it broke into a perfect right angle
How did it get to a point where all of the cars are stuck
i just threw my shoe and it landed like this
All of the beer signs in this restaurant are lit up except Corona
This pole has the spirit of an owl.
Clothe marks left on this homemade Paneer.
Swimmer artwork made from Lego
This barber shop advertisement
I found a dead fish with cool teeth
Look what I found in an orange
These cotton balls unroll.
How my pine has grown with the aspen
In the mosque they have these throwable papers when you are praying in effort to minimize disease (corona) spread
This pub has screens in each booth and overlooks a busy train station
This apple with another tinier apple growing out the top
When student comes home for the weekend and then leaves again
This auto-generated Corona prevention quiz
My parents have lived in their house for thirty five years, I just noticed this phone on the wall.
Illustrator shows what we would look like if we had animals bone structure.
Skull Chapel (Bone Chapel) - Évora, Portugal
This groin that's been weathered by the sea
Two-headed dandelion I found in my backyard.
This tshirt I bought a few months ago... oops.
The barcode on the Kodiak Cakes box of waffles
Dog wearing sunglasses riding in a motorcycle sidecar
3/4 Eggs my wife was cooking this morning were double yokes. We stood there and she kept cracking them one after another. The last one was single, we felt like we were on the verge of something great...
This free fruit basket in the super market I went to.
The pattern of soap on the window
‪Several months ago I went to the Salvation Army and bought a bunch of funny random tshirts to wear to a music festival, including this one. It might be a little too fucked up to wear now.
Elevator usage measured by button wear and tare.
This one piece of red pasta when I was making lunch
Built long before the perversion of religious symbolism.
This rainbow lucky charm...
Because the sun is so hot here it freaking burned this pipe in my backyard.
The way my phone protector cracked resembles a hilly landscape.
My nutella bottle had a heart on it
These wood carved chairs.
Proper way to use a toilet sheet cover is to have the flap cover the front of the bowl
6 months of layered cooking oil &amp; fat poured into a jar, ready to be disposed of
This one's a little melted, but someone keeps leaving little snowmen on my friend's steps.
The paint wore away but the image stayed.
Someone threw a Molotov cocktail into my neighbor’s SUV last night.
This National Grid truck posing as the USS Enterprise
Water staying right over the edge of the flowerpot dish of this newly acquired plant
Tree eats a trim trail sign
My House Being Built
A cafe in Minnesota has lemon juice packets
My laptop fits perfectly in the nightstand of my hotel
Door handle that dispenses hand sanitiser every time you open it
This extra tall egg that had 3 yokes in it
snake branch
Moss Rock Preserve, Alabama
I took out a mango seed. Never seen one before. It was very much so like a nut
My House Looking Like The Gates to Heaven
This self-closing gate on a public footpath.
Found a turtle skeleton today. Sad and happy at the same time
The way the steam from my coffee corkscrews instead of rising straight up
This sweet potato that I forgot about!
This sub in a nutshell:
I somehow managed to mess up peeling an orange and made an albino orange.
Bottling up some home made beer
Chipotle ran out of carnitas so they gave us a card for free chips and guac.
This is a cashew fruit. Notice the pod on top that contains the nut. Tastes like a mango tomato mixed fruit.
Look what I found buried 3 feet under ground
Grass growing through log
This carrot
The way my toothbrush’s bristles are loosing their color
This cellar door is also an official fire exit
Volcanic sand is very fine. Waves seep into the sand slowly resulting in a thin layer of trapped water that can reflect light
These chopsticks tell you how to use them
My dog just mad a vertical poo
1980'S MAXELL TAPE AD &amp; JACKASS 3D RYAN DUNN (RIP)
I am building my wife her dream house - farmhouse style!
Found some trees that had snow running down from one side. There were more but couldn't get them in the pic.
Lower case emergency
Store bought eggs vs our backyard chicken’s eggs (on the right)
My ipod has just a little over 47 years to go before I can unlock it again.
This wine label with Braille
This outlet cover installed on a mirror is also a mirror
This chocolate in a CD-ROM case.
Charger would not stay in my phone tightly amd kept falling oit. This is the fuzz I picked out of the USB-C slot. Nut and needle for scale.
When Cheery blossoms as beautifully as it should in Japan despite Corona outbreak !
When background blurr function got activated accidentally !
Individual pieces of bacon packaged individually... Some say brilliant some say ignorant
This cat I caught watching the sunset in Fushimi Inari
Guys literally need just one thing...
When cactus plants took their positions to look as beautiful as possible :)
Happy International Women’s Day!
This giant safety pin.
When you stumble upon a 45 year old 100 yen coin !
When the cloud looks like fountain of water from top of a building !
The bird just flew in while taking the photo of Mount Fuji:)
A slightly translucent salt packet I found under my little brother's car seat.
This bit of dirt on the subway station floor looks like a question mark.
Local animal shelter yesterday outside a PetCo with dogs to adopt...
So the monster under my bed can check the time
No parking sign in full bloom
Sun is shining on my roller so strongly, that the wall seems blue
This cucumber shape is... Hmm...
They still sell PSP games at my local Walmart
The worlds largest McDonalds in Orlando, Florida. On the menu here you can order pizza, pasta and philly steak sandwiches amongst other exclusive items.
I was solving this question and looked to outside from window
Found a pepper in a pepper
Google chrome app shows a “:)” when you have 99+ tabs open
On the box from this bottle of alcohol is Tesla grabbing Tesla
The hole in this coin (nickhole)
The amount of pillows on this couch at a vacation rental
This beetle I saw last summer has an alien on his back...
Discovered Darth Vader hiding in the rug I've owned for 10 years,
Inscription in the front of a Sunday School teacher's Bible from 1908, signed by children in her class. Found in charity shop book sale.
How the sun reflects letters off my monster drink.
How the sun reflects letters of my monster drink.
Sunset making electric pole look like engulfed in flames!
A residence in the shape of a diamond, Hyderabad
searches for “international men’s day” peak on international women’s day
Me and my friend were talking to my other mate on the opposite side of the road. All of a sudden, a speeding van comes through and my friend captures the photo perfectly. (Me at the front in the black coat)
Pac-man fact
My new TV has the Royal Seal.
Found this random train at a parking lot
I can take the clothes off of Pooh bear.
Oil catch canister for the Ford eco boost engine. After 6k miles I went to empty it when I changed the oil and oil filter. Did have doubts that it would do anything but proved me wrong
Drew Ztocmi and Zoe as imaginary characters!
Random thoughts until age of 60!
My phone displayed two different times after the time change
When every photo can be taken with love in mind :)
Apples in little paper carriers
A baby snail on a snail
This house in Saigon, Vietnam
This book was printed completely upside down.
I think I just wrote the perfect 3
[OC] These Type 89 rifles with brass collectors
One of my dog's toys is.... scary..
Missed most part of sun during sunset at 35,000 ft:)
Mentioned I had this. My friend and I are both English teachers who collect old textbooks. She bought this Prose and Poetry textbook from 1942. The graffiti reads: To hell with Hitler
Biggest light bulb seen outside!
One of my dog's toys. Looks like something...
Without realizing it I took bigger and bigger sips of coffee as time went on and the result is something I think would look cool as a ceramic
so my cat was in my bathroom at 3:00 AM last night
Sign reads: “We have placed this makeup washcloth for your use in removing face and eye makeup. Please help in keeping our white towels... White.” Seen at hostel in San Francisco.
Soviet Women's day poster "8 of March the day of worker's(female) rebellion against kitchen slavery"
This gate in my boyfriend's house that separates the bedrooms from the rest of the house, which they lock at night to prevent murders. A necessary security precaution when you live on a farm in South Africa.
Factory sealed and empty Heinz mayonnaise pot.
A perfect nugget
An ammonite fossil embedded in the shopping mall floor.
Got this xenomorph totebag on Redbubble.
Spotted Capri-Sun’s on the shelf only to be Capri-Sonne.
A Lego mosaic of the Brisbane Storey Bridge.
A old Honda Civic at a museum completely covered with different old awareness/cause bumper stickers
My phone clocks are out of sync
This iron looks so angry
The wall didnt spawn in fast enough...
Every voter has 80 votes - ballot for local German election (PS4 game for scale)
Here's a pen with a roll up calendar inside it. It's 11 years old.
This box I bought had a sticker on it reminding you to not forget the lid
These rover tracks on Mars
This bar called "the stock exchange" has their menu in the same format.
the field behind my house looks like the windows xp wallpaper (Northern Melbourne, Australia)
There is a Princess Bride tabletop rpg game.
This bar called "the stock exchange" has their menu in the same format.
House has tall trees surrounding it like a wall
Mini dyson vacuum cleaner
The sugar cubes made floating square bubbles in my tea.
These pastries from a French bakery in "le marais", Paris
My wart looks like an alien.
This pacman arcade game machine mug.
My extremely spoiled and happy cat has a resting face that makes her look permanently disappointed.
Two different calories are shown...
Have 10$ bill from 1977. What’s the oldest bill any of Redditors have?
this notebook is made of out a real vinyl record
Big boye strawberry
The way our license plate reflects onto the pavement
This nightclub once burnt down, now that is rebuilded they have this wall dedicated to stuff that was recovered from that day
Corona virus screening cards at the Cairo airport in Egypt. They also took our temperatures.
Corona virus screening cars at the Cairo airport. They also took our temperatures.
The way this escalator is sanitized
A wall near where I live had the outline of a vine / tree growing over it
Watching the Eastern US “Spring Forward” on time.gov
Saw this ad in an old Sports Illustrated I found on my parents' bookshelf
the text on this notebook is actually slowly fading away
This bathroom sign at a restaurant
I sat in my car while getting gas and it stopped at exactly $30.00.
These islands and there names
I only did the exercises in my math textbook
Our hotel in Eugene, OR (just outside of Springfield) had a familiar painting....
this guy looks like mike wazowski!
Just a Tuatara having fun in the sun
The way the light reflected on this metal box made a face
Flowers Made Only with Tape! Tapigami!
The shadow of this lamp post in London casts a peace symbol
Got this bill today at Payless. Well this made the cashier happy :)
Corona-damus.
I swear it’s not a vape trick, a transformer caught on fire
Pharmacy aisle at an Australian supermarket was almost all out of paracetamol
My fork has a tiny air bubble in it.
The way that the bottom of this candle glows
A pole’s electric transformer caught on fire today and made a huge smoke ring in the sky
A pole’s electric transformer caught on fire today and made a huge smoke ring in the sky
A electric transformer pol caught on fire today and made a huge smoke ring in the sky
The way this candle cooled
This Giant Fork is made up of thousands of smaller forks
Smooth chocolate coin progression
When Apple Watch gives you international women’s day challenge award all of a sudden :)
The way these pubes resemble a smiley face
Someone in my college dorm left behind the exact same brands of shampoo and soap that I use and the same type of soap box I use, all left in the same shower I always use
The way these pubes resemble a smiley face
My beer bottle has both cap and cork.
My creamie popsicle has two sticks
When just zooming once tells you the airline name :)
When evening gives you a mysterious look:)
TVs on the ceiling on a dentist office
This tree has a value attached to it if it was to be accidentally cut down.
1977 barrel lifting competition
Popular has the same photo 2 times different subreddits.
When you stop the car to capture the rainbow :)
And this was the glimpse of Mount Fujii from airplane :)
This Kit Kat bar has no wafers
Israel: Land of 3% Milk and Honey
Ice tray Excalibur, or throwing me the bird?
This Macadamia Nut has an almost perfectly flat side
This gorgeous double rainbow I encountered this evening :)
This Macadamia Nut has an almost perfectly flat side
Stepped out of the store and was greeted by this incredible full double rainbow ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
I eat my ice cream in 8ths.
This Potato Has A Booty
This cool rock fused with 3 other smaller rocks
This bar’s “extensive” food menu
This old document from 1883 i own.
Organized wrap drawer
I found some quartz that kinda looks like a skull
Tetris IRL
This bar’s “extensive” food menu
This Australian store has begun to ration toilet paper due to panicked purchasing.
This very big strawberry
AgainstHateSubreddits is posting literal child p*rn to right-winged subreddits to get them banned
My dad sent me this from his car today
On my Froot Loops box, the “whose hose” game is messed up. One hose disappears behind the stand. And the guy washing his car has two hoses going into his nozzle.
Flying, bit not actually flying
This tree with nothing on one side because of constant high winds
This tree with nothing on one side because of constant high winds
This tree with nothing on one side because of constant high winds
If Minecraft had strawberries
This really unusual moonlight and refraction spotted from my garden the other evening.
My mother got two different types of the $5 bill
How the ink faded away on my plain ticket i found while cleaning my house.
When you just could capture the tip of Mount Fuji!
The pianist in this choir concert I’m at uses an iPad instead of sheet music and just taps the screen to change the page
More like Hurricane Tortilla
This guy on the menu looks like Ron Swanson
I found a goose on the top of my church!
The order of these threads
This battery has a feature where you can check how much juice it has left
My surface has AAAA battery. I don’t know existed
this POG juice
A plant has grown through a brick wall and has pushed open this gravestone plaque and sprouted out.
My mother got a water filter that emits UV light. She also loves vintage uranium glass (which glows under UV light). Behold the combination.
These bananas looked identical
The caution cones at Jamba Juice are in the shape of banana peels.
Only half of the tree felt like changing colours
My brain MRI looks like the Pokémon tentacool.
The caution cones at Jamba Juice for slippery floors are in the shape of a banana peels.
My local bowling alley cut off lanes to make room for a new bar
Prices and calorie count match... What are the odds?
I saw the dog who’s spots faded in 10 years so I raise you my dog who’s whole body faded in 11 years (her name is Harley)
From a women's bathroom in Iceland...
I got a lifesaver with no hole
the ice cream trucks are hibernating until summer by my studio i just discovered
Personal Sauna at a used home goods shop
I was messing around on google maps, and decided to do some street view exploring to random place. I chose France, picked a random, non-major city, and started "walking around" so to speak. Came across this almost immediately. Is this common? LOL
The way these bubbles arranged themselves.
A yard sign seeking witnesses to a car accident
Noodle soup has a graph that shows you the noodle texture at different cooking times.
The 3 layers of paint
The light from our scentsy looks like a heart
How Dark Sky accurately represents 2 hr forecast intervals on the night we set our clocks ahead.
Geometry textbook from 1927: "In case of fire, throw this in"
My printer has a built-in section to print out games
How Dark Sky accurately represents 2 he intervals on the night we set our clocks ahead.
The empty shelves where toilet paper should be at my Walmart. Everyone's freaking out about Corona virus and stockpiling.
A meat vending machine outside of a local butcher shop. For when the urge strikes after hours!
A meet vending machine outside of a local butcher shop. For when the urge strikes after hours!
Cabbage, Brussels Sprouts, Kohlrabi, Kale, Broccoli, and Cauliflower are the same plant
Why can’t it just be 8
My microwave was made to cook cornish hens
These pretzels from my chex mix look like a satellite
How the shade of my door perfectly matches this sticker
My son's Tandoori Chicken looks like a human heart.
Apples bedtime feature realizes we lose an hour of sleep tonight.
Apples bedtime feature realizes that we loose an hour of sleep tonight.
The arcade machine I have in my house has an Al-Qaeda themed Galaga where you’re a US helicopter trying to kill terrorists
The sand stuck inside the glass.
My cat is amazed at are washing dishes
Minecraft doesn't have to be just cube shaped
These Oreos I bought have the cookie backwards
My blood looked like a seahorse
My Apple has an apple on it
My blood looked like a seahorse
From my childhood I managed to keep one possession. These books. Given to me by my late father in 1990. Same cardboard case. Old book smell. And many, many, memories of turning these giant pages.
My Apple with an apple on the skin
Follow me if you like pictures of cars
Keying the radio activates the paper towel dispenser
This rainbow in my lucky charms
Every car in the world has a story it’s if you are able listen
This long pineapple
I found these in a store selling antique watch parts, most of the disks are slightly domed. Anyone know what these are?
This historical marker records a perfectly ordinary year
Bowel-themed granola packaging at my local natural foods store
What he invented again?
When Tokyo tower seems to enter space!
My chips have a perforated tear strip for nachos ina bag.
Your Search Didn't Work. Blame the Government.
Got a brown froot loop
This "resealable" package
An espresso to-go cup
A little M&amp;M art i did (Half-way done cause i ran out of M&amp;M's)
This current event my phone sent me from briefing.
The way that all of these girls are unknowingly wearing the same outfit.
How my desk looks like an “I Spy” photo
Last night Photo turned out to look like painting !
Smiley lemon
The way the droplets on my car’s side window show the airflow over the mirror.
This KitKat has no wafer in it
Wanted a small healthy snack but my house only has these big bois
This "mr.Big" is strangely poetic, small but big.
Seems like infinity. Also the curvature of the earth. Taken in the FL Keys.
My bread looks like Donald Trump
Otago Museum, Dunedin, New Zealand - and their Woke gift shop!
I put my soda in the freezer, forgot about it, and the syrup bled through the styrofoam
This Nirvana comic my dad had from the 90’s.
An unfortunate sauce name I noticed while at dinner tonight.
My change and my order number was exactly the same
Driving on the Bay Bridge (CA) today
A truck carrying a truck carrying a truck
this chunk of ice I found in my soft drink
The way the moon looks from this window (shot on 6s so shit camera quality)
This is a grape
This die-gaped lollipop my mom got me while she was in Vegas.
This mug that is programmed to be able to change the temperature of your beverage
The world is flat...taken in the FL Keys.
not sure if this is common or not but this is the first time ive seen a weed truck in nyc
The Mao Zedong snow globe that was given to me from China
A bird pooped on my windshield and it looks exactly like a horse
This kitty elbow making a perfect poof
This bar of soap looks like a Lego brick
My pizza fit perfectly into this plate
The way the cup and the bag logo line up
Seeds sprouting in this ripe tomato
My odometer the same day coronavirus arrived in my state.
Cardboard burger holder to stop your fillings from falling out.
This mug that is programmed to be able to control the temperature of your beverage.
The Mao Zedong snow globe that was given to me from China
This skeleton in the back seat of a car
Man riding a horse in my coffee this morning
This cheeky little ad in my local paper.
When you randomly find out Canadian quarters are magnetic.
A chunk of my rice at dinner was shaped like a dog, his name is Pedro
One of my socks has French fry packages on it, and the other has red dinosaurs eating French fries
This key that doubles as a bottle opener (sorry for the blur)
This publuc toilet has a deadbolt as well as a latch. Se z
This example of a single slit experiment at the gym.
I push so hard when I write that you can see a clear outline of everything I wrote on the other side of my english homework
Almost nothing in there
This pepperoni and cheese stick had no cheese
Cupcake that over flowed in to an elephant
My folks have been cleaning out our house to sell in a few weeks and they found about a dozen copies of an Apollo 11-edition newspaper hidden under the mattress in our spare room. Dated July 21, 1969!
These speckled bruises from playing volleyball
Found this relic cant find my 64 though
My Xbox controller says hello from Seattle in the battery tray
Corona Has Me Like
This gate with an open wall to the right has a lock on it.
If you click on the twitter account @home, it takes you to the twitter homepage
An old radish started sprouting in my fridge
My straw at McDonalds had one closed end
this smile in this pot
This very crinkly ramen noodle
This ice which is separated from the water at the bottom of the cup
An interesting discovery
What a tornado does to insulation
This building beam that looks like a pencil
The ink used to print the expiry date on rubbing alcohol is not alcohol-proof
My grandma has the receipt for her hospital bill at birth
This picture of my cat I took makes his tail look huge
The way this leaf fell in the space between my driveway and garage floor
This spatula
The knifes in T.G.I Friday’s are magnetic.
My spirally incense ash that fell right after this picture
I found a tiny apple today.
my new pills
There were 52 pizza rolls in the bag, but the bag said 50 pizza rolls.
"The future of the Denver apartment market is bright." - September 1976 brochure for investments
This grape that looks like a pumpkin
Found while demolishing an old desk, ca. 1975
This chunk of salt I found in my food today
This bird poop looks like the silhouette of a person.
This white Lando on Star Wars merchandise at Disneyland.
Penny Challenge
Cable organization
Ordered a book online. When it came in, it had markings indicating it belonged to a Cornell University library. Looking at this, now I understand why they put it for sale.
The computer at my work still has a "Y2K Test" option twenty years later
A normal iceberg
This electrical box by LAX
The texture of Lionsmane Mushrooms
This wet floor sign
Somebody crocheted a snake for this bike rack and little pads for their bike when they don’t use this one I guess.
The snow melted everywhere in my yard except this perfect section that was shaded from our fence.
The way my malt dust settled on this new bucket.
How this steak I cooked looks like the millennium falcon
Well someone was having a bit of fun #bitlife
I found the Lucasarts logo in my cookie dough
This guy eating noodles with an ice cream cone
This piece of a chicken tender looks like the island of Newfoundland
A hidden Mickey on my salsa jar
Two of my model Porsche’s numbers are 5 off from each other
When you randomly find that your book is read by a young fan :)
My iPad perfectly fits my desktop speakers #KEF X300A Wireless # iPad Pro 12,9", #Diesel with Foscarini, #Samsung EP-P3105
Gatorade lids and Pure Leaf lids are interchangeable
thought it looked cool.
The way these bubbles formed on my counter while I washed dishes.
The way this door opens
The size of this banana
For our future.
For our future.
Tree has grown around a tire rim
You can see the outline of the potatoes in the bubbles on the surface of the pot!
My window lighting up a corner of my painting, viewed from behind
Burning wood as an alternative to using stain.
This large lobster
My window lighting up one corner of my painting, viewed from behind
This Canadian 50¢ coin I got at my favorite coffee shop that shouldn't be in circulation.
The way these chives cut
All the crystal necklaces.
Kept messing with this little Galton board at a restaurant I went to
The blue sky reflection on the left and the sunset on the right
Found a brown noodle in my macaroni
My brother labeling the world
Ice melting underneath outer layer
Somethings can really change from other perspectives and views. Link in comments.
Ice Melting underneath the outer layer
First Coronavirus Case in my Area and I see this Van
There was a uno reverse card in one of my chairs
Orange under uv
Orange under uv
I destroyed a DVD that I never use for the hell of it, and the remains look pretty interesting.
Party Store Repurposes a Hearse
The Tree Came Alive
This split Oreo
This leafless Bush reminds me of an organic chem diagram
This football toy/game in a pub urinal.
Wagon wheel dug up on Long Beach Island, NJ
This keg urinal at a brewery
Party store tastelessly repurposes a hearse
Something about this truck satisfies me
In infrared, my sunglasses appear clear
These clouds which look like something out of a Pixar Film
The rare rubber ducky cheese curd. Tasted like chicken.
Drunkenly bought this painting last night and set it up against my blinds. Woke up to it looking like this
My new sweatshirt has a pin on it so if I doesn’t fit you can send it back with the tag on
All the colors that grew in my boyfriend’s old coffee
There is an oompa loompa sillouhette on my hotel room wall
Two squirrel toddlers that came out of a hollow tree
There is an oompa loompa sillouhette on my hotel room wall
Two different stores; substantially the same flyer.
Smiley face bruise on my leg
The shadow of this tree go from sharp to blurry depending on the distance between the tree and wall
I got sequential bills as change.
The imprint left by this bird
A local bar sells these. I still feel like an asshole for owning it.
Queues to buy toilet paper?
Venus fact of the day
A miss-printed bazooka Joe comic
My grape was pregnant!
This electric part in a garage looks like a happy face
My balanced 8
The placement of the bench
This tiny apple that was in with the produce
The way the plant grows out of this onion
Found an original Prodigy online shirt from the 90s at this thrift store
My sister and I found 2 conjoined pumpkins
chocolate water
This sign. (Sorry for the bad quality)
Capillary still intact on a old leaf
During World War Two, it was common for soldiers to put pictures of their family or loved ones on their weapons. These where called “sweetheart grips”
During World War One, it was common for soldiers to put pictures of their family or loved ones on their weapons. These where called “sweetheart grips”
Extremely satisfying
This old, denuded tennis ball I found
Saw an old Steak n Shake sign and thought you guys would like it.
I was bored, so i took the eclipse out of the solar eclipse.
This toilet roll
Painfully realistic waste reduction
A Canadian House
This clock displays the time on the sides
A True Canadian
The tread on my wife's shoes is a remote control
I found the default windows xp wallpaper in real life
These golden markings on this giant black beetle
Cleaning out and moving into grandma’s house when I found this gem from the 90s
My front yard this morning
Sign at Skydive Perris doesn’t mince words...
I'm at a restaurant, and they have this weird pig monster on the menu. It looks like Bobby from King of the Hill.
This cheez-it
This cheez-it
Waiting on new handle, don’t know where else to post this.
The back of this quarter. I have not seen this before!
this tile looks like the Americas
This bell pepper had a baby
The bubbles rose in a way that made a two layer piece of art
A popular pharmacy in the Netherlands puts braille on all their brand products. Its also usually the most affordable.
The bark on this tree looks like it is screaming
How this dried acrilyc turned out.
The best by date was moved to the sticker
there's a bubble in my glass
This one purple sun chip
My dog is a Sith Lord
I told my friend I'd be near her job the other day, and we took pictures of each other at work, seconds apart.
Snickers wrapped in a receipt.
I found a dented M&amp;M
My Corona beer made a weird bubble formation after taking a sip from it
My parents’ statue of a sleeping St. Joseph has half a Benadryl on it.
My milk jug still had part of the plastic from the molding process on it.
Hmmm......
This piano key pedestrian crossing in Warsaw.
One of my capri sun pouches got 15 straws. Help
This pole use in the shadow of a larger pole
This bus will never get stuck under a bridge.
One of the reasons why I love Google
This gobstopper candy
Google security did its job
The nails have been in it so long that it has rusted the board
This hotel bathroom’s door looks like a kitchen in a restaurant’s door
That green pad on his back is a LED turn signal.
This weird stitching that has been on my dresser since the 90’s.
Ever notice the truck on Overboard is the same as the truck from Christmas Vacation?
This road has cobble stone in the asphalt
A striped egg we found in the carton. The stripes go all the way around.
On the bottom of my Xbox One, "Hello from Seattle" is imprinted on it. I assume this is where it was manufactured.
"HOOD 69 G.O.A.T"
This one unripe blueberry creates a nice contrast between all the other blueberries
A model dog made out of empty cigarette packets
The way this oil separated after it rained
The scarring on my eye that makes the iris irregular.
This 10 dollar bill I was give as change today
Jimmy Carter’s Presidential campaign headquarters
This is a trex model from a creationist museum, there was an inscription saying it was 4,000 years old below it
My one teacher made a Mr.Rogers door decoration recently
This poor mosquito starved to death.
This bush that looks like a steam train
Got these coins as change in Chile, they were made within 3 consecutive years.
This rug that looks like a crack in the floor
Brasília-Brasil - Noite de chuva
The spelling... Crown Industrial Park, Baltimore
The letters fell off of this license plate
This $270.00 dime with no date
this seahorse looks like u/superkirbz13 bacon
The way the sunlight hits the soda bottle on my desk
My mayonnaise came with an extra scope
My boyfriend’s arm with curl imprints after I rested my head there for a while.
"Violators will be towed" sign in a parking lot has a typo on it.
Reflection of tinsel on a wall
This saw buck I got today from 1977
The peugeot 3008 looks like it has a sadistic smile
What he invented again?
10 Cat Fails That'll Make You LOL
Interesting branding for a beer from a small brewery.
The way the snow melted in front of my house
Helping a friend clean up and get ready for a yard sale
This porcelain salt shaker that seems to have been corroded/damaged over time
Corona virus causing hoarding at Costco
Back of a front load washer perfectly covered by a towel after soon cycle
Minion Master is reduced to 0$ in case anyone cares (only place i saw fit to put this)
I hit 88888 km on my 8 years old car today!
This swimsuit mannequin has a camel-toe
Thirsty cow
The ottomans in the lobby of Red Robin are patterned like a burger.
A vertical $10 Canadian bill
The Result of Coronavirus Panic Buying of Antibacterial Soap in a UK Supermarket
This tall piece of cereal in my cup
Three generations: Great Grandmother, Father, Moi
The wear on the weights in my gym created a normal distribution
The size of this potato wedge from KFC
This Xbox happens to have 3 C's in a row in the code
My SpongeBob popsickle only has one eye
My four month old kitten's teeth.
There was a bubble inside of my ice cube
This old Verizon flyer I found. Remember specific nights and weekends minutes?
State Trooper said I’m honest in my speeding ticket
A tree with another tree growing inside of it.
This piece of fulgurite (Lightning glass)
My hose froze and popped. The ice that formed looks kind of interesting.
Corona Fight
When you walk through the door of this toilet cubicle, the toilet is facing side-on
The easiest way to keep updated on COVID-19
How low of a chance is this?
Skeleton minivan decal with arm on the rear wiper
How this cooking thingy's soft part doesn't get wet
This grape in the wrong neighbourhood
The Bluesmobile is parked next to me at O’Reilly’s
My smirky-faced eggs
My eye has several different colors and a freckle
This knife is called a Kbar. Kbar, stands for Knife assigned to Browning Automatic Rifle and it was designed for the Marine Corps in 1942. Obviously it’s still in production today and despite its appearance in this ad has nothing to do with the story in knives out. Extremely mildly interesting hu?
How a gold fish sees you when you are about to feed em.
This strawberry looks like a cat
The way the size of these wrenches and sockets mess with perspective
an ambulance stopped at a red light
The snow on my skylight looks a bit like the Soviet Union
Found this sugar packet at Chili’s
U-Turn Light
Panic at the Costco
This free bike repair station
This egg in the carton was cracked but none of the egg cane loose because it cracked over the air pillow thing
This dollar that I'm never spending.
This staircase with a set of smaller steps built in on one side.
Our powersplitter has a green light instead of red.
Sluice gate of Itatiaia dam opened
And now you know
Moms interesting talks (MOMS be like... | AUR SUNAO | Payal Bhagwani)
I was driving down such a long hill that the MPG meter in my moms Acura (29 mpg highway) maxed out.
This tree I took a photo of
I’m still subscribed to the original etika channel
A new way to start your day
This urinal in my local bar
I know the quality is bad but please... Enjoy this perfectly round cinnamon toast crunch
A baby succulent growing under soil
The perfect cutoff of a town I flew over today
An Oficial McDonald at my local city written in the way we say the name 'Méqui'
Interesting branding. God himself could not chug this drink.
These wine labels have Braille translations.
The sunlight went through a brake light of a car.
A drawing of a cat peaking through the wall at my school
The way this icicle formed in a storm
A little plant is growing in my tree’s hollow
I see more accuratly with my new and older glasses on at the same moment than one per one on my face... What unexpected and disappointing results
The inside of the hood on my jacket (bottom half of picture) is sun bleached from how long I've had this jacket.
Washington State sent Coronavirus Notice and forgot to change the subject line
My grandfather passed last week &amp; my family had to go through his things. Found this old newspaper from Nixon’s resignation in August 1974
My German Shepherd-Rottweiler mix has one Rottweiler ear and one German Shepherd ear
Staircase of Pondicherry lighthouse, India.
USPS Prime Internet Advertising for AOL I just saw in LA
The way my marshwellpw melted.
One of my sandwich cookies was backwards
Don’t have a devil/ satan pun, but my usual was better than normal because of it
This touch-free faucet dispenses soap, runs water and dries your hands.
Did a dog make that... or someone went through all the trouble of rearranging it as a dong??! Haha
This drawing on the wall next to a bathroom at my school.
Acrylic Chess board I recently made. Squares are acrylic made separately. Sits on a quilted mat my wife sewed.
The way this egg has a wrinkeled shell that is still hard like all the other eggs.
A crack in the train window caused water to enter between the double glazing
This cool cat with hot ears...
A foggy day in Sweden.
This water on my draining board looks vaguely like the USA.
My phone can take really long screenshots. (random reddit thread just as an example)
Bought this movie at 10:03 but because of daylight savings time the 24-hour Amazon rental ends at 11:03.
Bought this movie at 10:03, TIL Amazon takes day-lights savings into account
My phone can take rlly long screenshots
Meme in my biology book
A varied selection of fresh eggs from backyard chickens...
My bacon looks like a seahorse.
This bag of peanuts from 1983 we found buried 1 meter beneath our garden.
I bought a CD at Tower Records in Osaka and the insert contains a highly technical explanation of manufacturing improvements complete with scanning electron micrographs of the stamping masters. Likely to appeal to CD audiophiles?
This example “congratulations” ad from a 5th Grade yearbook flyer.
The way this water looked still when I cut open my old pool
When tearing up the stone tiles on our porch backyard, we found a painting done by the original owners of the house way back in ‘81! We contacted them and they painted it when they first bought the house.
This independent rafter floating away in the wind.
The effect of corona virus on air traffic
Dust and Pollen left by window fan on screen.
This orange had a smaller orange growing inside it
This replica of Bilbo/Frodo's sword that reads "simp" elvish
The way these bananas are stacked at a Starbucks looks like the leaning tower of Pisa
The way my laptop battery popped
Snow covered my outside mat, leaving only the designs.
Can tab doesn’t have a hole.
This piece of spaghetti I found
Sushi/Burger place in North Carolina had a few of these clever graphics (Wicked)
Not so mildly
The bird poop on my tail light looks like sperm
Wiping blood off my head and it looks like a smiling devil
My minivan's snow shadow.
One of our eggs is wrinkly
These card board packing peanuts that came with my package
This baby pepper growing inside a pepper that my sister found
Swelling of the foot
These Dutchman's Breeches flowers
Son of a Peacock
This chili plant has its seed still attached to the leaf
Oh lawd, they making the same face.
I found a dry Sharpie at work.
My dad gave me a box of this tea that is made by stuffing whole tangerine peels with black tea leaves
This brick disintegrated.
Cat Feeling Relax.
I turned my LEDs to pink instead of white today and now my suggested courses are glowing.
I matched my face with Abe Lincoln
My matcha likes it rough?
Gundam for Olympic games
Perhaps the last quantity of Totally Toddler in existence
Oyster sauce bottle has a soda pop top for safety seal.
Diesel generator cold start, makes smoke rings.
There is a "What the Fuck" in every week
This ramen product that has two different text placements of the word “flavor”
This tiny bottle of Tabasco (thumb for scale)
This tree in a local park that fell, to create a natural bridge, and kept growing.
I took a snap on the bus and the light reflecting makes me look like Sans, kind of
When a rocket ship breaks through the athmosphere
Cool artwork on this Eucalyptus tree at a local park in Chandler, Arizona.
PIE FREE PROPERTY
My spoon fits around the handle almost perfectly
The way this magazine cover tore over the owl’s face
Only one bowl of butter melted in the microwave
Barcode for Cremo Shaving Cream
The way my dogs spots faded over 10 years
The way the seam in this bucket causes the words to create a strange poem.
Someone put this sign along the picturesque walk along the cliffs.
I squirted some lotion on my finger and it came out looking almost exactly like a snake
It’s my toilet’s 40th birthday today.
I squirted some lotion on my finger and it came out looking almost exactly like a snake
Cracked an egg and got a perfect bubble from the remaining egg white.
My onion grew scallions when I went on vacation
Egg bubble
This melting snow looks like a friendly sloth.
The shadow of my house makes an almost perfect hexagon.
Looks like Will Smith has too much fingers on the left hand
Tree across the street looks a little graphic
I got this coffee cup with a huge tray in a restaurant in Vietnam.
The way my falcon tubes frosted up after flash freezing them.
A Redditor intentionally breaking the rules in a harmless manner
The so called 'Frechshaus' in my home town, built to cheat property tax in the early fifteenth century. They only had to pay taxes for area of the ground floor.
Hidden treasures inside a door lock in the kindergarten where I work
Dog bit a hole in my sweater...I’m not that mad about it.
Two of my chickens started laying eggs last week, they have gotten progressively each day.
Two of my chickens started laying eggs past week, the first ones were pretty small but they have gotten progressively bigger each day.
The way they loaded the truck to fit as many. carrots as possible
my french assignment was printed in 1957
This monopoly
The way these droplets formed on my bathroom mirror
A license plate from 1912
My cars odometer hit all the odds
This scale model of a building in Budapest, Hungary, is made specifically for blind people, so they can 'see' it as well.
The distinct outline of my apartment building left by the morning frost
The reflection looks nice
This paper airplane.
This lemon is the same size as the bottom of the cup it came in.
ISS Right now
I served on a jury this week and received a certificate of appreciation in the mail.
Half Cat/Half Shadow Beast
The way this puddle froze
This Coke sat in the cooler for so long the label started turning orange
This Powerade sat in this cooler for so long the dye started to separate
I found an upvote arrow in our floor
This car has mirrors designed to direct airflow to blow water off the window
This car has mirrors designed to direct air to blow water off the window
The shadow is a streetpainting (x-post r/funny by u/gulaschgel
Guinness in a Starbucks cup looks exactly like Starbucks’ Nitro Cold Brew
I found a replica of ECTO-1 from the Ghostbusters this morning!!
Packaging for chicken feet found in a Chinese supermarket.
Only my shirt's zipper got caught in my car door
There is a Baby Paprika in my Adult Paprika
My egg has wrinkles
My egg has wrinkles
This blank spot where the sticker was
These two stories showed up sequentially in my feed.
Rein.com advertisement that got rained on
The glory around my plane's shadow (shot over the sunny Düsseldorf)
The way the sprite bottle got projected on the wall..
This thing kind of looked like a boat to me
Rats That Learnt To Drive Tiny Cars - Peculiar Portions
My tights don’t look so interested in me -_-
This cauliflower turned in to broccoli when cooked
The Boston Red Line.
Here are two smoking hot boiled eggs
Here in Australia The toilet paper, sold out everywhere because of the CoronaVirus Epidemic. Now found this on my local Arcade.
This toaster waffle.
This Salad wants to make friends.
An Old recharge able Wal Mart card from Germany (Wal Mart does not exist here)
This beer has a beercode
My neighbors have a castle built on top of their garage
Interesting, mildly.
A bathroom at my workplace has a tissue dispenser so you don't have to touch the door directly
This tooth paste has hearts in it
This small city map in 3D
This unedited pic of a sunrise (OC)
Just hit this milestone on my 8 years old Twingo car
Now they come in double packs I guess
My sisters chihuahua has a heart shape on top of her head
Half price. Thanks idiots.
It’s hard to see, but a panorama I took with the sun and the moon in the same picture. The moon is where the arrow is.
This toy gun is a HK416
I found this ceiling light full of rubber ducks in a pub in Edinburgh.
There is a cursor in my jigsaw puzzle picture
The different shaped shards my plate shattered into
This stand out screw
Another confirmed case of Corona in London
My Moon Lamp lights up despite the fact that it isn't plugged in.
This plant I found, whose flowers are markedly differentiated (probably Male, Female, and budding flowers)
Weird Dorito
My local supermarket is rationing products. This sign was found in the virtually empty toilet paper aisle.
Ball in perpetual motion. Still going strong after I first saw it over a month ago.
Newspaper with only good happy news.
This cat has both orange eyes and fur
My retired buddy that chose “picking” as his pastime bought me this crate of old vinyl, and DAG-NABIT!!... if the first song we played wasn’t straight from American Horror Story!
This egg with no shell and the yolk is kept inside
This thing was sticked in front of my classroom
This banana with a perfect green stripe
This aircraft being taxied
My whipping cream expires 4/20 on 4/20
I speak Spanish and I cannot not read 'Altered Carbon' as 'Altered Cabrón' and I find that very funny
I speak Spanish and I cannot read 'Altered Carbon' as 'Altered Cabrón' and I find that very funny
This group of flies that appear to be sleeping as a group on a hanging rope.
What happens when you hit your Rubik's Cube too hard
The way the wind have warped these trees to be bent permanently
This flower pattern on my dessert.
$2 = 1 play for toilet paper
My Pringles were sideways in their can
This huge branch on my oak tree.
My dates came with a little fork
The way this glass broke when my bf dropped it.
I wanted to have fish but I just had a couple of eggs
Found a lone orange dippin dot in my cookies 'n creme dippin dots
This sunflower growing in a gutter
This pencil is made up of connected individual pencil unicorns.
Snow Churros
Ice crystals on my car in the night
Beer mixed with a little wine
This moth has been stuck in my parents fridge since 2010
Found this while I was in Barnes and Noble. WEEBS UNITE!!!
Four Leaf Turtle Lollie
The way these traffic cones are done in the traditional Kyoto Style.
Pendant I've designed just now. Personalized name written below is the one who brings luck. This is a gift which I designed for myself for Mother's Day. I'll write my children's names.
Pendant I've designed just now. Personalized name written below is the one who brings luck. I'll write my childrens's names for myself. This is a gift which I designed for myself ifrst of all for Mother's Day :)
Took a picture of the fireworks show at Disneyworld and it looks like a scene from WW2
6 feet fire ring
6 feet fire ring
Kept my phone on a tripod with timer on. It fell into the stream and took this last image before dying.
My boyfriend and I rolled the same exact same thing on the first roll playing Pirate's Dice.
I just made my s10 clear
This concrete bridge was made to look like it was made of giant logs.
The expiration date on my soda went from 2019 to 201A rather than 2020
I just made my s10 clear
Metal post covered with stickers near the drive up ATM.
This cactus trying to escape through a window
If I drop an orange peel, my dogs will happily scrape and eat the pith.
A washing machine at my local McDonald's
Dreamscapes SLC//UT
Found these duck today at school.
My iPhone’s clock somehow became an hour out of sync
Decommissioned bus exchange repurposed into a garden.
Everyone’s a winner
This Calorie count on the staircase to metro train in Hyderabad, India
My furnace has a tiny window to see inside
Panorama of my office from my last day as an Optometry intern at a community clinic
The elevators in Taipei hotels have plastic film that is replaced every hour to protect against coronavirus
The way the grocery store ended up ringing this product.
I have a burnt toothpick that was packaged that way.
Cloud.exe has stopped working
The way the grocery store chose to ring up this product.
My icecube tray formed a stalagmite
The way this tree fell
These little people in the wall
Rainbow fire
One snow goose amongst Canadian geese
This twin banana
The way ₱3.50, or 3.50 pesos, spells peso on this ketchup pack
This old transformer looks like a laughing robot
What are they looking at?
This mushroom's butt
These juices with hard at my local supermarket
The complete progression of ripeness through this one plantain
Found some upvotes in my hoodie
Smoothed out chocolate wrappers
A Captain America shield from layers of sanding old paint
One stock, two camellia flowers.
Recently opened a carton to find my old feynman book collection.
This leaf blower looks like there's a small robot trapped inside.
I pushed too hard when opening my beer and the tab got stuck inside. It drinks fine.
The eye dotter at the peep factory was off center. Now all my peeps are giving me the side eye.
Dollar store Lego melts in acetone. Real Lego does not
I got 3 nugs for the price of 1 in my Wendys 4 piece.
Cool whip
How to transport a goat
My Amazon account is 10 years old.
This garlic core looks like a mushroom
The Boston Red Line. I just love the MBTA!
This house has tall trees grown like a wall surrounding the whole perimeter.
Having a pet pig must be a fun time
My bathroom lighting and hair gel are highlighting one of my few red hairs. I was a red-headed baby
This book I bought on Amazon was printed two day before I received. So it must have been printed on demand. Just for me.
This small gnome statue I found under some rocks in a trail at Yosemite National Park
CoVid 19 (aka Corona Virus) Protection and Containment - Safe Mask for C...
This California Pizza Kitchen has a review tablet when they give the receipt.
This chicken schnitzel is only 32% chicken
I pushed too hard when opening my beer and the tab got stuck inside. It drinks fine.
Found two large, heavy balls of flavoring. Other one dropped and crumbled.
the condensation inside these buns copied the label on the bag
Perfectly formed 8 onion ring my takeout.
Every note I took from writing my first line of code to becoming a professional software engineer.
This cup of cheese
This stick grew into a nice spiral
Found a Sabbath elevator at Mount Sinai Hospital
White headphones are doubled in window reflection as pink and blue
Rainbow around the sun
My dog had a busy day at doggie daycare. They highlight her activities each day.
I just peaked!
Due to its composition, a quarter will change color when put into different lighting.
This tiny laundromat
Loading glitch turned snoo into baby Yoda.
I’m sure it’s fine
Waiting for my plane to push back and see this
Waiting for my plane to push back and see this 🤔
[OC] Depending on the lighting a quarter can be the color of a penny or a nickel.
This paper towel dispenser that is only "legally" allowed to be filled with one brand of towels.
Connected Krave cereal
The numbers on the TV remote in my hotel room
Twas the night before state poem that my coach wrote
This painting in the wall of the community clinic I work at
This photo I took at work looks like an explosion
This guy burying his dog in sand at the beach.
This guy burying his dog in sand at the beach.
This stain looks like a bird.
This bird lived in North America until the end of the ice age.
These SpongeBob Toys Mention Their Meme Potential
Leaf water drops - Called the "Lotus Effect" caused by ultrahydrophobicity because of the leaf surface's microscale patterned structure and makes the leaf self-cleaning.
The sun dried all the water outside the shadow of my boat. Leaving an almost perfect silhouette of the tug.
A dartboard you can use indoors and give to kids
My rescue dog is growing her adult teeth while maintaining her baby teeth
This stain on my uncles pillow looks like a pair of sunglasses
This Ironic Fortune Cookie
This cesspool emptier has "POO" in its license number
My kid lost a tooth this morning. It was intact when he left for school, but somehow we found it cracked exactly in half this evening.
My patriotic nugget
A penguin chillin in her hole
Are women organ farms?
This toilet roll holder made from an old train rail
A chunk of slag from a mid-19th century iron furnace I found (zoom in on the swirls!)
Found the og book
This Oreo with a flipped top
Hostile kitchen knives.
These coat hooks...
One picture divided into four sections by railing
My dad's home built ladder. It's been going for 38 years.
Perfectly round rock found on the West Coast of Vancouver Island
This is "oat milk" labelled as an "oat beverage". The only reason you know this isn't some nasty oatmeal soda, and is actually oat milk, is because it's also labelled "non-dairy".
the way the raindrops arranged themselves on my windshield this morning.
The way the faucet hit my spoon when washing the dishes
A pink flame in my grandfathers cake.
this toothbrush that was given complementary in the hotel i’m staying at
Cool camouflaged Leaf insect.
The ocean through a glass sphere
My Uber driver's car's dashboard has an Internet Explorer icon as it's "browser"
This board game shows you how to pack the (several) different pieces back into the box.
My Waffle Fry Looks Like A Bird
A baby Raisinet to go with the baby Milk Dud I got last week.
Instead of using a knot, they sewed the piece of rope to itself. (Yes that’s a grappling hook)
ASU has started using delivery bots on a campus-wide scale
A stone tower with a little crab on top
the oxidation of the outside handle versus the inside
This was at an arcade.
A fan shaped stack of fans
My UberEats driver attached a note to my food packaging
My dry cleaner converted a vintage dryer into an aquarium.
A glass and stone elk I found in a bathroom
Side view of my dry bag looks like a robot face. Beep*•*Boop
My 4 year old is better at this than I am. Say the color the word is written in, not the word. How far can you make it without making a mistake?
Bulb brand Valium
You know this had to happen... LOL
This little Reese cup had 4 paper wrappers
Pringles Pickle Rick
This mannequin is tying his shoes
Found an 1899 penny while walking my dog!
This is an actual pub in Bristol, England. Yes, it has Nicolas Cage's face on its sign. It also has a cardboard cut out of him in the window.
This is an actual pub in Bristol, England. Yes, it has Nicolas Cage's face on its sign. It also has a cardboard cut out of him in the window.
This leaf I found the other day that looks like an upvote
Candle wax that leaked and cooled down made an interesting pattern
Got an onion with multiple centers
I can’t be the only one seeing this right now, post those uploaded photos links below.
This dual-colored starburst I opened today
There is a Guest book at my air bnb
There is a guest book at my air b&amp;b
This table at a house I'm in in Florida
The perspective on this boardwalk makes it look like it goes forever
This cards wall my friends made after school
These legos separated by type
I finished my work in math so I made a code for English
A flower from my mum's garden
This White Claw Claw Machine
Only Toto can prevent coronavirus.
Joe Cool Ducky
A blue belly lizard eating a bee that my son(6) caught.
In case you’ve ever wondered, here’s the inside of a gas pump
My grandma has this cactus that grows hair, it amazes me every time I walk by.
The address of this house I found
This franken-berry
Made from 28 different kinds of wood. No paint or stain
The motivational book on the right looks like a sequel to the Young Adult book on the left.
Tiny McDonald’s nugget
Interesting how these Ice cubes froze
This sharpie with a grip
I was surprised to see a Star of David at work on a copier's instruction manual.
the way the sun shines through our italian glass plate
I dissected a lime.
Took out my food saver for some groceries and was met with a bees butt.
The difference in my rings. I've a platinum wedding ring and a 23kt gold ring. Both are size 12 and I've been wearing the gold ring for 3 years now.
Texas brands for ranches
Eating with your anus. Interesting indeed.
A mini Zamboni.
this rainbow cloud
This dog sitting in the car in front of me looks like Baby Yoda.
The park near my house has an ASL alphabet.
The park near my house has an ASL alphabet.
This grass that grew to the top of the sign post.
Part of the goodwill sign broke and now it looks like a knife.
The inside of an ambulance
My new houses stove/oven has a built in frying pan mechanism.
How? It’s leaning over the fence too.
How? It’s leaking over the fence too.
A bit too easy eh?
The way the gap in the clouds looks
These underwater ferns on Vancouver Island
WHY JUST WHY
These Combos had a big ball of "middle cheese" in it.
Successful hunt or bird taking off?
Pizza with no toppings
But Mom said its my turn to drive
(Warning: kinda gross) These beef heads sold at my work.
Hit 100k emails today. Saving up since 11/2012
An ashtray I bought at a church rummage sale last summer. He does look upset!
My new printer lets you print games straight from itself.
Artwork using books as the substrate. What do you think?
An ashtray I picked up at a church sale last summer. He does look a bit upset!
The tornado in Nashville earlier this week wrapped this trash bin around a pair of trees near my friend’s house
The tornado in Nashville earlier this week wrapped this trash bin around a pair of trees near my friend’s house
My tube of "No Brand (tm)" purple crisps.
My egg broke but its skin stayed intact.
My Stickman Mii
The magenta flame from this lighter.
My coffee mug turned into Carrie in the microwave, why? I put in a half cup of afternoon coffee in the microwave for 1 min and when I took it out coffee had exploded everywhere. I dont think it was in very long, but did it just boil over or was there something else going on?
It’s Friday! A gift to my brethren
I got a pack of jawbrakers that had one that was only half a jawbraker.
The snow overhang on my garden shed looks like it's bending
My pregnant wife stood in front of an infrared camera and you can see the heat coming from our baby.
Yellow tow truck towing a yellow tow truck towing a yellow tow truck
One of my customers from work made a scarf matching her receipt
Building uses shadows for the words
This is what a baby strawberry looks like
This is what a baby strawberry looks like
Someone marked out the goddamn in my library book.
Just noticed that someone rolled tiny joints for this pea pod ornament in my office.
This rumpled comforter that looks like a fist
Umbrella lock up outside a restaurant in tokyo
This light pole cap cut from a traffic sign
Phineas and Ferb inconsistency
The sun shining through my white cat’s ear
I knew this happens in plants but I didn’t know animals could do this
This one pineapple with oddly small leaves
My roommate works next to a Google office and found these pallets of emergency drinking water behind the building.
This Crested Saguaro from Arizona.
This clock glitch at my school
This clock glitch at my school
This clock glitch at my school
This clock glitch at my school
I found an Aligator lizard under my trash can
The number pad on my laptop creates a grid illusion effect.
This disabled parking sign in Saudi Arabia
The workplace I’m waiting for an interview at named their plant Leonard
Vines are taking over this tree and choking it to death.
Vines and taking this tree over and choking it to death.
This tall tree in the wind
Controller has tiny PlayStation button symbols
My mom sent me some recipes from an old cookbook
All my fries are stuck together
I have the high ground Anakin
A woman made entirely of Lego
My fries are stuck together
This garage wall covered with unissued motocycle license plates.
All my fries are stuck together
Never though about it, but this is the way that they transport rock climbing walls
The way the one river has 3 distinct colours.
This person transporting a climbing wall portion.
The kind of snow we’re having (it looked like dip’n’dots so you know I tasted them and yes they were pretty much the same)
I took this picture of my eye
This bird in the airport im in
Odd number of shadows for an even number of cookies
The way this soap fill line matched up with the edge of the counter
A ceremonial rapier used by The Order of the Amaranth during one of their courts.
The paint peeling on the wall of this bathroom looks like a bird.
A few pets I painted recently
Forgot about my shamrock shake and it separated into three layers
The line patterns on my shoe are actually a topographic map.
People waiting in traffic backed up for miles because highway closed for Trump's visit to CDC
Do it! You won’t be disappointed!
My carrot looks like Donald trump.
Russian concrete for political enemies - an weird advertising of concrete factory was placed on a car.
Apparently, wild birds love to look at themselves in a mirror too! I just wish it didn't poop all over my car...
The shadow of this light fixture looks like a face
Pissoir in a public bathroom in a garden center in Ireland
These chicken and mushroom buns are made to look like mushrooms.
This workplace saves their copper scraps for the homeless to sell
"Robert Downey's MEAT" title is a name for the pepper-based spices, was produced under MeatBrothers brand in Russia.
A beaver cut down this tree and now a new growth is coming out the side
This shadow from a towel that look like a surprised face
The sidewalk by my work becomes rainbow-fied when the sun shines through the glass above.
Corona Virus Check List At The Hospital Today... Good times
A square chip.
This dog swastika
Polished Malachite
This cloth someone made
This totem pole my grandpa made. Does anybody know why the eagle has two faces?
Rate my setup: Sesame Street
Threw a Pokememon card and it got stuck in the ceiling
This Courteous Tree
My oil poured as a hexagon
Bees producing blue honey after collecting sugar from m&amp;ms factory's trashcan.
This halo around the Sun today
This frozen waterfall outside Valdez, AK
The way the wood grain transferred to the concrete from the form boards used to pour it
This old telephone stand
My skin abrasion looks like an exclamation mark!
It'll be a shame to fix this.
This huge apple (Quarter for scale)
Transparent running engine in slow mo.
Painting himself (Artist: Carl Payway)
Little library in Carrick-on-Shannon, Ireland
This old payphone in my break room at work.
Moon rock in space museum in Kansas
These smoothies with little hats at my supermarket
The care instructions on my jacket.
The local LA Fitness has an odd occupancy count.
Would be epic
I tried to take a picture of the lights on my bed
Dyes in ink and the respective markers
Found a chip in my taki bag.
Yellow but actually Red/Green
A teddy bear couch.
I made this framed fried egg out of clay
This green orange. In Nigeria, oranges are not orange.
Federico Mercury
I had a rather skinny banana today
Beerglass fits perfect on other glass
All these books by different authors essentially with the same cover
My brother found this. I wanted to know if it was real.
What he invented again?
These really over-engineered desks at my university library
This sign was designed to be read in the reflection of the water.
My soap is having an identity crisis.
This street has asphalt where the bricks would be, and brick where the grout usually is
How phallic my toilet paper holder looks.
I cut myself opening a hallway door at my school.
Apparently Lyft is advertising in marijuana dispensaries.
The shadow makes this hanger look like a dude wanting to fight
This "Golden Girls" chia head's hair is growing Bozo style.
Beware of dog
My set of matches came with a finished and full but midget one.
My parents set of draws has a dog in it.
The raised part of the lid on McDonald’s cups is actually a quote bubble with the saying inside
Hand sanitizer got in my coffee and it made little stars
I finally completed my Blanton’s whiskey Collection.
The colored coating on this M&amp;M melted off, but the letter stayed put
These neighboring houses in order by color
I have found the rare and elusive MAR10 milk.
Friday now officially part of the weekend
The colored coating on this M&amp;M melted off, but the letter didn’t
When you get "Coffee to go" in Singapore.
The LA fitness that makes everyone uneasy
Clock on my oven stuck on Feb-29 for the past week.
This penny i found
My brother's keyboard keys were switched to ADSF and he didn't even notice...
Asparagus is growing
Litany Against Fear &amp; COVID19
These unintentional starburst color outfits on an Old Navy ad
Pringles are the perfect road snack
The weight behind a 4 pound dead blow
This cooking apple, hand for scale
The Muzzle Flash of this Scar I Shot.
This art is made of QR-codes
The things they test for in Grenada
Saw this bird wing flutter down from a tree
My pen cartridge
My confirmation code from two different companies came from the same number.
My mate's eye
I found a nut shaped like dickbutt.
New generation of CAT6a cables. This cable is capable of 10Gbps. Thumbtack for scale.
Nancy Reagan's Unlikely Friendship With Mr. T
My shower gel fell onto my loofa in the shape of a heart
Snitches get Stitches
My fortune cookie had 4 fortunes in it
GOLDEN ORB SPIDER SILK CAPE LINK IN COMMENTS
Golden Orb Spider silk Coat Link in comments
Ronaldo Eats Spaghetti with only a SPOON...
This banana that didn't curve while growing.
This banana that didn't curve while growing.
This side table made to fit those specific books.
Took a Photo of when lighting strikes and this is how it looked
The way this fan melted when my back porch caught on fire.
Saturns rings allow us to perceive it as a spherical object, which might have helped us understand all celestial bodies are spherical.
This water fountain in my mother-in-law's kitchen
Save the animals! Only use Asian women!
This cat flap
What the hell happened here?
Never realized how much Plastic Man looks like Steve-O
My mirror reflecting the clouds onto the wall
This giant strawberry I found at school. (Milk carton for comparison)
What the hell happened here?
This turkey tail projectile point has a tiny geode in in.
I have naturally grey eyes (sorry for bad photo)
What the hell happened here?
Jimmy Johns has this in their bathroom stall
I found a nut shaped like dickbutt.
At Seattle-Tacoma Airport, people with hidden conditions can wear a lanyard to ask for a helping hand
My first time seeing left-handed ticks.
Potatoes are sprouting inside my cabinet.
One and a half Fireball candies
Mexican Cereal
In response of recent outbreaks, My work's bakery section has individually wrapped all the doughnuts, bagels, and pastries to reduce contamination.
...that is the question.
Raised crosswalk button for horse riders in Sylmar, CA
Finally, a Rubik’s Cube I can solve.
This room has three entirely different types of water fountains
Sideways water jug with bubbles that stopped floating to the top
The way these $20 bills’ serial numbers are consecutive
Robotic Lawn Mowing
My imported bottle of beer doesn’t show the exact alcohol content but instead shows a range .
Be careful with hooks kids
How I bit this pretzal
My packet of two granola bars had three granola bars in it
The reflection of the sunset makes this building look like it’s engulfed in flames
This blanket sort of looks like magma
This chonky chip
Sun hitting lamp shade looks like a spider
My biodegradable coffee pod comes wrapped with plastic packaging
Pulled some plants for a project, got a good look at their root structure.
This chipped paint looks like a muffin
The fruit snacks packages came conjoined as one
This ramon I made
My local store sells canned carbonated wine.
This sweet potato that wasn’t orange
Old German currency (5 Pfennig) found behind old kitchen cupboards while renovating
Found a keychain token that, if lost, guarantees return postage of whatever its attached to
How we receive the eggs we use for sandwiches, at the gas station I work at.
One egg, two yolks.
I still have my storkbite from birth!
My wise Looking dog
Circa 1885 and gifted to a med student in 1913.
A moth I found right outside of my door
This pepper with a baby pepper inside
Just a baby skittle
The resemblance of my Muffin and a Blob Fish.
This guy who brought his entire iMac to the coffee shop
When i cut my green onions they went from light to dark
Noodle cooked on one half
Chandelier made of spoons
The Hotel I'm staying in is doing mock crimes scenes.
Chewing gum when the air is warm and wet (Hong Kong)
Someone changed the hump sign lol
i took photo of this poor guy back in 2017...
The perfect splat of paint.
My socks match the carpet today .
We get packs of straws at work, and sometimes we'll get a strawless straw... or six.
I found a 7 leaf clover and the 7th leaf has 4 leaves - what are the odds of that?
The way I wrote this 7
This Peanut Has Four Chambers
You've seen blu tack now prepare for black tack
does this belong here? lol
This miniature pencil that came in my Volvo owners manual
This bathroom stall has a piece of metal to cover the beloved American gap.
Tree cut down but the part that grew around the guy wire was left behind.
My apple's seeds started to sprout inside the apple.
The shadow makes the car look like it's floating.
Came home from college and this is what I see
Finn the Human and Jake the Dog from "the Adventure time" snowmen I made to my son.
Looks like some sort of Biker/Mad Max character in a painting in our living room. Complete with Mohawk, bandit mask and sunglasses!
Looks like some sort of Biker/Mad Max character in a painting in our living room. Complete with Mohawk, bandit mask and sunglasses!
I never knew
Tryin to post an image
Coins stacked
I recently got two 2€ coins as change – one was made before the EURO was even introduced, one was just made.
The light switch at my office
This toilet paper roll is missing it's middle section
The way nearly every single letter is off.
A water dispenser with hot, cold and room temperature taps
A hand washing sign put up in bathrooms at my high school because of corona virus, the school is 7 miles away from a school where 2 kids were exposed.
This cat grass I'm growing lifted the top layer of dirt when it sprouted.
The fabric I'm working with looks like an optical illusion
The beast mode stairs have been decorated
This map's 'You are here' has been worn away from people pointing it out
Gigantic Strawberry
Half of my oreos have the cookie flipped
Unearthed growth chart
I bought a surplus German army jacket and it had stuff in the pocket
This drawing my grandpa did when he was in the navy
This purple grape
This Little Bridge for Ants
21 Savage as a cat
Long necked turtle found swimming in our pool.
I bought a glitched dairy milk buttons pack
Found some upvotes in my hoodie
The river where i live has almost started to flod the lower part of the town
Found this bird in my backyard.
Found a candle at work that didn’t stick to the glass
Fasteners at my school
The end of this roll of toilet paper
This tiny chatterbox I made by hand. ( USB for comparison)
My paper was stapled without using staples lol
Spock's Vulcan salute should replace handshakes in coronavirus era
I figured you all would enjoy; all of my plants bloomed at once. I've been working diligently to bring all of them back from the brink having little to no knowledge of plants.
My first successful sourdough starter
Kept it like this myself for months...was away for a bit, and I didnt do it this time...mind control works.a
This milk carton without the handle punched
Dads: The Band
The Istanbul airport has a nap zzzone
A large clump found in my cat food
One of our chicken’s eggs had a smaller egg inside of it
This is a set of injection molded plaques I made to input a dye (DY241) into my company's color formulation software. The various loadings of dye, white (PW6), and carbon black (PBk7) characterize the dye so that it can be used to match colors in plastic.
This health clinic prints waiting tickets with a Sudoku puzzle
Remote to a laser disc player I found today
This guys watch looks like the trainstation clocks
‘This is not an ATM’
Dad bod’s belly has an interesting roundness to it...
Dad bod’s belly is a interestingly round...
A toy motorbike built by my dad and nephew
The bar i'm in uses raw pasta as straws
The contraption my little brother uses to charge his phone from 0-100% in less than 40 min
My house has a laundry chute
the Carpet in my conference room looks just like when I rub my eyes really hard.
Samsung has this tape on so that no matter how hard you try to tear off the tape, it will show that the packaging has already been opened.
These used and brand new car fluids in my auto class. The one on the far right is transmission fluid
This pencil I found in my pencil bag
A completly burnt match
My geometry dash lite glitchrd out and made the textures of my cube and the obstacles invisible
The patent # on this hospital bracelet
My vacuum "felted" our dogs hair into a form
Caught this on my car this morning
This wagon was built to be a free coffee stand
I think Thor was really pissed off with him!
Banana People
Banana People
My homemade jelly looks like a screaming Homunculus
Banana People
Banana People
Banana People
This deformed strawberry
This cup melted as a agonizing screaming face
Instead of giving individual bottles my hotel has dispensers for soap and shampoo
The license plate on this Lincoln.
Donuts made to look like Elmo and Cookie Monster.
Winnie the Pooh film frame with soundtrack channels [AIC]
Karen strawberry
conjoined twins from my tree
My brother always sharpens his pencils with a knife
Eating my breakfast in the parking lot waiting to go into work, looked over and this guy was also enjoying his McDonald's combo.
My friends and I got different things at the bar last night, but our bills turned out the same.
A pipette i made for my friend (i don’t smoke)
These tree roots that look like foot prints
This demon face in the shadow of a glass of wine
This demon face in the shadow of a glass or wine
Someone left a socket in a 60+ year old car
There’s an apple on my apple
The size of this light bulb.
The stem on this apple is kinda long
This suggestive tile in the middle of the pedestrian zone...
Our Love - original Poem I wrote this morning
Noticed it just before putting it out
Tomato edchup?
Noticed it just before putting it out.
Exactly 10% of people who watched this video liked it
Walking to my dealer and the moon was looking neat.
Seems legit.
Kinda cool to see her markings show up on her skin
When it’s sunny in the morning, sometimes a refracted rainbow appears on my living room carpet because of the glass table.
My father keeps great care of his clothes. A difference of 14 years. My sisters graduation and my wedding.
This truck that hauls '50s cars looks like a life-size old toy
The way this tent makes the sky looks like an opening curtain
The way this tent makes the sky looks like an opening curtain
Bacon ink blots?
My history book has already included Putin in it
Coronavirus Trump Fortnite bad Minecraft good Trump Trump Coronavirus Upvote Cakeday Coronavirus Upvote Cringe
The wear pattern on this carpet after we removed the desks and chairs
This Bottle Of Perrier
A Company in Austria. (Holzbau=Woodwork)
Origins of Dyson Fan - Artefacts from Ancient Egypt 5000 years ago
My daughter's playdoh grill looks like a skull
This grumpy morning coffee that didn't have it's morning coffee
This small restaurant in Vermont has a switch you can flip if the bathroom needs to be cleaned
I visited my grandma today, and i got served a pepsi. Thought it tasted kinda funny. I only noticed afterwards that it was 9 years old
This is a legitimate add on live leak
This pen has a ball maze inside of it
Even Starbucks is being preventative.
This horse leaf on the terrace
My inhaler was missing 87
There's a human hair inside the package of the bed lamp I bought. Also, it was made in China.
This is a land deed of India from 1935.I have blanked out the important details just in case .
An interesting title
I bought something from Italy on eBay and it arrived with Italian Lira postage stamps, a denomination that has not been legal tender for 18 years
This is actually a place in Turkey
Water clown on my draining board
Our school bathrooms be like :D
If all of mankind were shrunk down to the size of grains of rice , we would all fit in one house.
This cookie crisp cereal chocolate chip
I just found this biscuit that was in my pack curious
If all of mankind were shrunk down to grains of sand , we would all fit in a house. (Apologies dm users)
This burn I got in the very center of my hand.
My Mum's Office Roof
This is how thick the edge of the glass can be on a -20.00 prescription glasses.
i built a miniature audience out of ads I got in the mail
A crack in my curtains created a camera obscura effect on my wall
New world record for amount of Big Macs eaten. 32 Big Macs in 38 minutes (18,000 calories)
Cat fur. I see your i cats tail and raise you with penis fur
This restaurant has upside down windows logos on the walls
Central Auckland, New Zealand from the air, 1930 vs 2020
Wood drying early in the morning
These are my Great Grandmothers earings. She passed away in 1920. That's all the information I have on these.
My local irish pub (in the Netherlands) offers a €0 ‘Canadian Breakfast’ that includes a pat on the back and painkillers.
The way this door is cut to fit the column when you close it
This really big banana (I’m 5’11”)
Sometimes your feed does a fun thing.
Comparison of human and fish skeleton.
The plug for the iron short circuited when I plugged it in
This embryo of a chicken in a egg
This egg has wrinkles
This dogfood shows alternative ways to open it.
2.5 pigeon baby’s + mom, trapped behind the normally opend blinds
2.5 pigeon babys, trapped
Seeing this place this empty has a different vibe that this being crowded
These cones in Kyoto
This randomly curled elastic band which vaguely resembles a treble clef
9876543210 Divided by 123456789 is nearly 80
9876543210 Divided By 0123456789 is nearly 80.
This bird poop on a sheer wall with nowhere for a bird to perch.
My order's number at McDonald's
These flower petals looks like insect wings
intersection in my town (Nampa, Idaho)
The American food shelf at a local store in Finland
That little dot in the sky, just right of center from my fingertip, is the International Space Station as seen this past summer from the entrance to Mount Rushmore. I was pretty regularly tracking it last summer. It travels at 17,500 mph / 28,163.52 kph!
This roll of toilet paper has no spots to tear
This past summer, I was pretty interested in tracking the International Space Station. Here it is above Mount Rushmore (this is the entrance).
Voting on YouTube makes me mad
This fire sprinkler head outside the window of my 22nd floor hotel room.
I got a hunk of seasoning in my Doritos bag today
Due to the corona virus going on, in australia, toilet paper rolls are being sold out in most stores. This was the toilet paper ile at my local coles
The center console in my car has a little shelf that holds my pipe and today's non cash tips (Doordash and Postmates driver)
This lucky three nut peanut
A sad cookie among the happy ones
Shaving foam looking like a bird. Do you guys see it?
This water bottle sealed in its case without a cap.
There was a ring around the moon tonight where I live
A loop in a loop
Someone draw an om symbol in the train seat.
Someone draws an Om symbol in front of my train seat.
This guy on the bus wearing 3 hats
My work’s sink popularity during coronavirus era - Sanitiser bar chart [OC]
Somebody stuck googly eyes on this advert on the train.
My bottle cap has some handy advice.
How to know you’ve hit rock bottom
The Landscape of an area affected by the Australian bushfires [OC]
This jar is re-used in my family since at least 2011
My fortune cookie was empty
The way this snow froze on my car
This deformed lime I found while doing bar prep.
A mirrored billboard. This is an ad you are supposed to see from your rear view mirror... While on the road... Driving... And not paying attention to the road...
I found an old apple in my locker
This cauliflower with perfect Fibonacci spirals
This tiny paper crane
I got a raid shadow legends ad while watching a video on why Russ shadow legends is a terrible game
20 years of the same textbook, all different handwritings
Unloading 8 feet of lumber from my tiny car.
Twin Mushroom at work today!
Casually eating cereal and I find my cheerios have formed into cute little hearts.
I got a pizza roll that's 2 rolls combined.
Had a 2 pound 5 ounce premature son today. These diapers are extra big on him. Dollar for scale.
mountain range on a shell
Home Gym
Batteries that came with the thermostat when my apartment was built in 2014 expired right on schedule
This massive Pokemon card I got from an Official Pokemon TCG pack.
My flight passed over my old hometown. My high school is at the V.
My copy of Medium Raw has Anthony Bourdain’s signature.
This weirdly formed dried spaghetti noodle.
These rollers have been on the shelf so long they have faded
So, I noticed my wallet has one interesting feature to it, it's see thru in the center to where the bills are held..
My grandma is planning to buy the optional motor in the 70 years old manual.
Sketches found in a book dated 1890-1910
Found a silver dime.
This 6 pack of Cherry Pepsi has one lime green lid
This tsunami gate in Osaka, Japan.
This leaf looks like a distinguished gentleman.
The pattern created on my hood as the snow melted
Got called bud twice in two different comments..
Found at a thrift store 5+ years ago. My friends and I call him Steve Harveybird (Jamaican folk art, I believe)
I got a double balloon
This statue of vladimir lenin in fremont Washington.
The way the mosaic is continued in the floor tiles at the 81st street BC stop.
Anyone know why my cherry pepsi 6 pack has just one lime green lid? I took it off the plastic and then decided I should post it somewhere before I opened it because I've never seen a green lid before lol
I dropped this chicken leg on my plate while eating it, landed vertically and stands up by itself.
How the top part of the violin’s paint slowly came off through years of playing
My local coles made a limit for tp.
There is a ring around the moon tonight
A toilet in Chinatown, New York.
A picture from the 1980s of a television and a princess phone I found in a box of old photos
Since when did LG start creating fridges?
This mall has a waste sorting AI
Snowflakes in my sleeve
These cuts of meat look like dog heads
My manual parallel park this morning
A statue of Lenin in Seattle with a dildo on his head.
This gum disposal thing I saw in my town
This "gender neutral" restroom sign... seriously, wash your hands!!
This "gender neutral" restroom sign... seriously, wash your hands!!
This "gender neutral" restroom sign... seriously, wash your hands!!
My roommate's dead flowers with perfectly green leaves
Homemade charging station
my nose bleed looks like a fox
Here in Argentina in most public places like colleges and hospitals there's a separate trashcan for dumping used yerba from everyone drinking mate pretty much everyday.
Picture of George Washington
The Colorado Rockies have free sunscreen dispensers at their spring training stadium
The difference in shape of the same variety of yam from the same farm
This ladle looks like a dinosaur
In case anyone thought it was just a meme, it's not. This is at my local Woolworths.
Imprint left on my blanket after picking up my phone
Picture from back of 2020 U.S. quarter. In retrospect, maybe a bat wasn't such a good idea for this year.
I found a distinguished gentleman disguised as a leaf.
This 1.5cm x 1.5cm origami crane I made with my eyes closed. (Second attempt)
View from the other side of the rusted diesel engine on Iwo Jima
No dogs allowed. On grass.
Colored pencil lead separated from wood
This bond measure was decided by one guy
Caught it! And pulled into the first gas station to buy a lottery ticket....didnt want to risk it!
Flying over low tide (south shore, LI NY)
This old Pepsi bottle my dad found
Three years ago the solar eclipse created little mini eclipses in the shadow of the tree
Gee I wonder why
My cat got high today..
This is the first time I came across a sign like this
Bought my first human skull for my oddities store I'm opening up.
The receipt had a mix up
The blue Ravenclaw section of this puzzle turned out to be white
My sneakers look like I'm the butt of a joke they won't let me in on.
Dark rays in the sky taken from my backyard
A sign at Rite Aid to give the first in line some space.
Cap'n Crunch premium pennant stickers found inside my childhood bedroom closet door
The frost on the window of an airplane made a surprisingly beautiful photo!
A sing at a Rite Aid to give the first in line some space.
This watch stopped with its hands at thirds.
Ice cream that looks extremely similar to the counter top.
Baby cactus growing beside of Big cactus
Past Eminem disapproves of current Eminem
It’s my lucky day
I ordered a “safe” dart set from Amazon. How safe is it? Safe enough.
My dog's ear appears to have a face in it
Found this one a locked door
Perfect rock I found backpacking the Oregon Coast
My cracked knuckle looks like a face
My beagle pup is starting to brown up and currently has a curious lightning/helix pattern down his back
This kombucha is made with blue algae, actually tastes pretty good
Found this weird contraption at the op shop
My fortune directly following my breakup
These human skulls used by nursing students in anatomy classes. Formerly medical students used to use unclaimed bodies to study, this practice is currently obsolete.
this packaging that looks like a dryer
This tiny glass bottle of Tabasco sauce
this packaging that looks like a washing machine
Found a framed acrylic fingernail at Goodwill
My orange bell pepper had a baby green pepper inside
Before and After: Deep Brain Stimulation for Tremor
This human skull which were used by
Playmobil has a very seductive Cleopatra...
My local convenience store sells the scents of celebrities.
This tree that absorbed the chain link fence at my work
young Simon Pegg
Who needs boomerangs when you’ve got a pool stick?
Can change the colour temperature of my LED ceiling lights. No more buying the wrong bulbs!
A rock hit my windshield today and broke in a wave pattern instead of just cracking
My new toothbrush has 5000 bristles
Rock hit my windshield today just right to make it break in the "wave" pattern instead of "spiderweb"
This claw machine at a Keno bar also has sex toys as prizes, in addition to typical stuffed animals.
Rock hit my windshield today just right to make it break in the "wave" pattern instead of "spiderweb"
The size and shape variation found in home grown asparagus.
Rock hit my windshield today just right to make it break in the "wave" pattern instead of "spiderweb"
I got the new AirPods Solo! Starting from $89.00
This accusatory statement made in jest on Burger King self-checkout screens in France.
This game disk I found in my basement
Aldi's came through with exactly "16 on this Pizza!
Have eaten plenty of mini marshmallows over the years, but this is the first double mini marshmallow I've ever seen.
The impression left on my headphones ft. Ear stretcher
A picture I took at my dad's grave. I've never known what to make of it.
This mall has a waste sorting AI
Urinal splash guard in bali
My Onion Rings turned into a Venn Diagram
This chart that explains what being "removed" from your family means.
My parents cat has a lowercase “j” on his back (or an “i” if I timed the picture right)
We found some printer ink cartridges that expired in 1990-something today at my office.
This cookie I made is nearly a perfect circle
This steel crystal that I pulled from a machine guard
The light at the restaurant I was at had a shader at the bottom to protect your eyes when you acadently look directly at it.
This steel crystal made from metal particles and dust that built up in the machine guard
This truck with a house door
The way the metal dust built up in the grinder guard
How slow upload speeds are compared to download speeds. As a youtuber, I wish they would change it lol.
This egg (vs a normal egg)
Example of orographic lift of an incoming air mass over Mt. Rainier, Washington
my Mario Milk expires on March 10th
The water stain on my pants look kinda like pawprints
Took this from my old high school before they demolished the building, now he sits over my toilet
This toque staring at me
Dropped a magazine on the way downstairs and it landed like this.
Pot rack clip fell from the ceiling and landed directly in my Chick-Fil-A straw 100% untouched
This parking garage has multiple ways to remember where you parked.
The sign in my local hospital
This big box came, but we couldn’t remember what big thing we had ordered...
Roots of a tree stump I pulled up
One of these is not like the others
What event made them put this up.. lol
These turtles
My mom found this porcelain pearl from a clam in our white clam pizza.
Made giant brownies today. About five more this sized in my kitchen
Canadian quarters are so shiny that you can see reflections through them (you can see the camera reflection slightly)
The mirror at my Airbnb had a fog-proof center
My friend is too lazy to take down his Christmas tree so he just decorated it for St Patrick's Day.
This apple has a section which is different colored then the other.
The left over suds look like a guy screaming
My hand is super purple, I haven’t been doing anything
this miniature dumpster
A speed limit sign that ends with a 4 instead of a 0 or 5
This impressively good school sidewalk art
I made an ice cube out of A and W to keep my A and W cold while not watering it down
My co-worker is a green thumb.
The way my slushy kinda formed a rainbow
This tree in my old neighborhood (does this happen naturally?)
Throwing My Phone...
Not a truck route in Alabaster, AL
One very thorny Hawthorne
I can do that with my tongue
This perfectly circular stone found on a Lake Superior beach
Dropped this packing box while I was moving, seems like it showed my sentiment of all the hassles involved with moving to a new place.
This water fountain at my gym refills bottles, and tells you how many single use plastic bottles it has replaced.
My friend and his doppelgänger on a JCPenney commercial
My banana slightly curves in the opposite direction.
Windows computers in the Mac Bluetooth section have a Blue Screen of Death
My orange has a ball sac line.
This tower me and my friends made
A friend's horse at the dentist
2001 Nat Geo Announcing the Exciting Arrival of the Nat Geo channel
The rain dissolved this paper sign but left the writing
Everyday I wake up, my ballot is further from reality.
This outlet cover installed on a mirror is also a mirror
This imperfection on my bubble wrap
This video with 1.3 million views has zero comments.
I got an oreo in the package where the top cookie was placed on the wrong way
The apples at my house have a Sweet-O meter
What he done this time?
My Mike and Ike's had a loving message to give me
World map except dividing countries up in squares i found at my school (1 square = 1 million)
This truck has a fishing rod holder built-in.
Eraser torn in half looks like bubble gum
My gummy bear bag had a gummy beaver
Found in a store,smh
The odometer reading on my truck. Number of the Beast!
Stumbled across a troll under a bridge today while enjoying a layover in Seattle
This eggplant my mom found has a witch nose.
I made a Terry's chocolate orange with a real orange
This eggplant my mom found has a witch nose.
I made a Terry's chocolate orange with a real orange
This desert sand was crystallizing from the intense sun exposure.
The way this copper based chemical dries
A sitting statue
Cluster of ants
The hanger on top of this box of drawing pins also acts as a lock once it's been opened
The way the frost melted on my school.
I made French Toast for the first time today, and it came out looking like a cyclopes desperately crying out for help.
This cloud looks like a snail.
The new stadium being built in Las Vegas.
My cereal looks like a face
The way the sun made shadows on my wall
The Scale Of The Universe
A deconstructed smartphone
Toilet paper without the rip things. First time saw. Thank god i had normal toilet paper next to me.
I like how the two different types of soaps make a skin
My ski cottage has a 90° floor radiator
Bat Boy Running for President?
Attorney Mr. Bias sent me a letter today. Nomen est omen?
This new ballpoint pen has a little glop on its tip to prevent it from drying out until it is used
This prank (?) sign found in a law school bathroom
My noodles are swimming
Interesting spaghetti
This mark on the bathroom wall tile that looks kind of like South America
The way the tree branch grew into the Easter egg
I tossed my bottle into the garbage and got it to suspend perfectly.
Worldly Bubbles
My thumb goes all the way back
The hole of this party ring was covered over with icing, unfortunately it tasted the same as the rest
I found this piece in my goldfish
A tesla with a ”0 CO” plate, dont tell him about the battery
Windshield fog
Which urinal is most favoured
This sign has been a lot of things.
My face cream looks like a little downward looking man wearing a beret.
This person at my swimming club’s bumped sticker
Jellyfish art in the cafeteria at the national aquarium.
Boulder made of paperclips I found along the Hudson last summer
You can see the wires used to close my ribcage.
The speed gauge just doesn't quite line up...
These toads were found in a transfer place to ensure that they were not driven to death
Skid Shot Toilet paper gun
Images should have source at the bottom, it seems perfectly reasonable.
My academic advisor has this thingy stuck to her phone case so she always has her reading glasses handy to read on her phone (brand: ThinOptics)
LEGO sets in a LEGO set
This bus stop offers no bus services.
I sat up and my couch kinda looks like Hagrid
This totally self-serve honor system dairy store in New Hampshire, with open cashier, sanitizer and prices posted. Always like this, not epidemic related.
A really long fry I ate for lunch
My cats eyes
I steamed some hotdogs and they exploded like popcorn
I drew over the lines in this comic (side photo for reference)
Given their job, it’s no surprise...
Comparing steps over the last few months and we hit upon this beauty from November. I think he got me beat. He’s a chef but really this has to be a glitch?!
This duck is black and white (except his feet)
Directional signs in Tbilisi(Georgia).
Directional signs in Tbilisi(Georgia).
This vision test poster I saw at the veterinary office yesterday.
My university ID shows either North and South America or the rest of the world depending on how light shines on it
The sinew in my dry brisket
A 60 Sided Die
I can do this with my thumbs
My friend has little freckles on both of her ear lobes making it look like she’s wearing earrings
My friend’s ears both have a little freckle on the ear love making it look like she’s wearing earrings
This Canada goose and it’s reflection
A long hair that spells out "NO"
someone just left their braid in the middle of the parking lot
A long hair that spells out "NO"
This perfectly formed mini orange inside my orange
Perfectly folded post-it note airplane
A car crashed into the wall of my school today
An UFO mirror I found.
This napkin dispenser that doesn’t have an advertisement
Teal sour patch mid in a regular bag
This potato that looks like it has an arm
I drew a Sierpinski Carpet!
Exposed hard drive
Archery point converted to bathroom in this castle spire.
What he invented again?
Wave of clouds and its shadow
Sorry, she’s empty.
Many of the mausoleum doors in Buenos Aires' famous Recoleta Cemetery lie wide open after years of neglect
This bright green thread randomly sewn into my backpack that has no green stitching on it anywhere.
The sahara after an extremely rare snowfall, followed by sand carrying winds. Looks like tiramisu
A few years back our garden gave birth to a 10.3lb sweet potato
Many of the mauseluem doors in Buenos Aires' famous Recoleta Cemetery lie wide open after years of neglect
Many of the mauseluem doors in Buenos Aires' famous Recoleta Cemetary lie wide open after years of neglect
The way the batting list goes from shortest to longest name
A heart in a walnut
1960s kitchen tiles.
The courtyard of the mosque in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, was completely empty today due to a disinfection campaign to mitigate the risk of the Corona Virus spreading.
Does Reddit still like safes?
The front yard of the house I'm renting has a tree growing on top of a tree stump.
[OC] The light passing through my septum piercing.
The number for the card was missing, but the symbol on the actual scratchcard lined up with the rest.
Many mausoleums in Buenos Aires' famous Recoleta Cemetary sit wide open after years of neglect and lack of funding
This photo enhanced Bitmoji
This tree seems confused
Cynthia Purell for $1,000!?!?
Label stamped on sweet potato
The first President of Zimbabwe was called Banana and today is his Birthday.
The packaging for these finger cots lets you try out the sizing in the top left
This double fused chex mix piece.
This amusement park let's you try out the seat before getting to the front.
The way this leaf melted almost perfectly through the snow
Was eating some midget gems when I found a legitimate midget gem
My friend found this on his holiday, thought it was kinda funny
My post-LASIK eye drops calendar looks like I plan to cry 6 times per day
This Seismic button in my elevator.
Roti using some incredibly sophisticated warming technology to keep their pita fresh on the line.
The world's sharpest chocolate kitchen knife (made of chocolate and other stuff)
This fallen post looks like a discarded cigarette
My headphones everyone
The inside of my apple is pink. Still tastes good.
My daughter refused to eat this thing staring back at her :|
The odometer in my car today
Sir, I think there's something wrong with your tree
This poster on entering Mumbai airport
This highly suggestive avocado
The cleaning girl that cleans our warehouse leaves the toilet paper in a flower in all of the restrooms. I think it adds a nice touch to the men's room, personally.
This wet floor sign at Hard Rock Cafe, Piccadilly Circus.
This triple decker pb&amp;j I made for lunch. Perfect amount!
This highly suggestive avocado
This lamp made from paper cupcake moulds
Mini evolution
This phallic cheeto
Saw this on r/pics and I thought it belongs here too.
This artsy garlic clove.
These £20 banknotes I withdrew have consecutive serial numbers
My Orange was Pregnant
Funny programmer joke
Funny programmer joke
Door to Keebler Cookies?
Bought 8 hotdog buns, got 12
Bought 8 hotdogs, got 12
My Sporting Lisbon jersey has braille for the club's name beneath the logo
Someone put stickers on one of the wall separators in the bathroom at my school.
The National Cathedral in Washington D.C has a Darth Vader gargoyle
The TP dispenser by this urinal
Whole town is out of power and I had to run my coffee grinder of a Goalzero battery pack.
This restaurant charges kids based on their height, not their age
Peach ring with no hole
The National Cathedral in Washington D.C has a Darth Vader gargoyle
This piece of cereal I found with 69 on it.
Fortune cookie telling me to get a rub &amp; tug
Biffs is a portable toilet company for construction sites in Minneapolis. Very gross weight.
What $270 worth of Coronavirus stock-up supplies look like in Seattle
This mobile weed plantation in my neighborhood to make people more comfortable around weed
Somebody won the lottery with a ticket bought at my local donut shop.
Top class Soccer players vs basketball player
The smallest handrail I've ever seen
Life Replicating Art
Dendritic growth of unknown contaminant on a Petri dish.
How my heart reacts to a day full of panic attacks.
This vending machine sells nuts and bolts
I can always tell if it's been too long since I last used a sticky note by the faded colors. (I use a round pop-up dispenser.)
What he invented again?
My dentist has a floss dispenser in the bathroom.
I bought a 4-pack of toothbrushes and the box for each individual one has a different fact related to teeth or dental hygiene printed on it
Who knew Arizona made cotton candy?
I looked at the bottom of this box of toothbrushes and apparently I'm curious
The difference between brand new and 8 years old mouse pad
This stile has a cute little door for dogs.
Walmart promo code from WWE Wreckless Intent CD that expired November 23rd 2006 in flawless condition
There was a rainbow on my kitchen floor this morning.
Canned food fits snugly inside milk crates
This colored pencil has really long lead
I found a add for ps4 on r/xbox360
Went to a thrift shop in an old bank today.
This random bubbling at the edge of a beach
This morning Jupiter was aligned with Mars. Dunno if the moon is in the seventh house.
This blue traffic cone
A one-legged seagull
In Pompeii (which was buried by volcanic ash in 79AD) they carved these into the road to guide people to the brothel...
This paint chipping away in my car that looks like a llama
Great review
I have a sea lion sweet potato figurine
Is there a correlation? Or big cities are getting affected first?
I photographed my sandwich at McDonalds.
My protein powder aligned to the static fields of the ziplock bag (I think)
The way my garlic sprouted
Aluminum squashed looks like a gorilla
The limes in this tree look like they all have mouths
there is a painting on the ceiling over the dentist chair
Imagine all the evolutionary steps that lead to this plant.
4 hours of exposure time The Rosette Nebula (skull version) [OC]
The way they turned the barcode into a farm
I took off the clip on my pencil by hand
The ghost of an old building left on the back side of another building.
A street cat had kids under a bench we covered.
If I were a bottle of green tea this would be my price tag too
These buckets are used to catch rainwater at St Pancras station. They contain grass and soil.
This jewel I found at a yardsale
I found this happy lego piece while building.
I found cheese flavored ice cream
Got a bag of gummy bears with more yellows than there should be and completely missing one other flavour. What are the chances(should this be on wildly interesting instead?)
I cracked three eggs into a bowl and it smiled back at me
A walnut with a heart inside
I took a milk-crate to the store to bring home some food, and discovered that canned tomatoes fit inside it perfectly. I assume that's not a coincidence.
I started shaving my face, ended up cutting my finger.
My fingers turn partly white when it’s cold outside.
I went to my local hardware store this morning, and this is the face mask section. I live in Kansas.
Covid-19 virus
These starfishes with 6, 5 and 4 arms
Label stamped on sweet potato
Tomatoes in a little paper carrier
These starfish with 6, 5 and 4 arms
These clothespins say “69”
This program shows pictures of cute animals instead of ads during installs!
My Spanish teacher had the good sponge bob videos playing on the board
This bathbomb looks like a fried egg.
Somebody cleaned off only the license plate letters and numbers on the back of their dirty Jeep.
A rock I found at the beach today that looks very much like a desert landscape with a few clouds in the sky.
My brother opened a skittles bag and got two off every flavor
This family has just left this in the middle of two busy lanes of traffic - they had thing in it, took them out (with the help of a passerby) and they’ve just left it
the rikers island burger
Ink drips on my hand outlining skin patterns.
This convenience store I visited had a box full of green power rangers
Ink from leaking pen dropped on my hand highlighting patterns on my hand.
The package of my cereal has a barcode in the shape of a bowl of cereal
These ice cream packages are slightly different, not sure what’s worse, the weird arms or the different glasses.
a pan of grease that i thought was a pumpkin pie sitting in rain
A vintage car skidded on a racking
What happens when you use red dry-erase marker on carbon receipt paper
Every year when the snow starts to melt you can see the tunnels that little mammals have made in it.
Sacred hamster
My son had left a nickel in the washing machine for a month. We just found out about it.
My father's odometer 09 Camry
This is a microsd to sd card opened.
Accidentally drew a perfect circle
A no-vaping sign in a taxi
This M&amp;M I found
A tree grew around my grandmas fence and over the barbed wire
Long exposure portal
The syringe pen that I borrowed from the pharmacy
The pen that I borrowed from the pharmacy
My hell Audi
This long grapes my sister brought home
Stepped toilet paper
My contact has numbers written around the edge
Young Oliver Reed (1960s) looks like Rob Lowe's evil mirror universe twin.
Harikrishnan inflatable pants for men the new fashion for 2020
My brother found this in a book published in 2008
This barcode on POPCORNERS
This toilet stall door
I've found a backwards carrot.
The stages of fossil preparation ( Jurassic ichthyosaur ribs, prepped myself )
Just when Chad's stopped being a meme, it comes back twice as strong.
My cat had a perfect poop
This bin at my school
I found a random usb stick
Weird chess piece vandalism thing
Bigelow tea puts packager’s name on the box
My last bite of toast this morning looks like a corgi.
This see through baby earthworm that you can see it’s breakfast of dirt in its belly.
My sauce looks like a mini cooked egg
I got a KitKat with no wafer in it
This Spongebob hiding in the bushes in Dnipro, Ukraine.
This slightly terrifying slide inside a mall in Berlin.
On may way to school I found an ice car
My work has placed these stickers on our door handles across the building in response to COVID-19
Looks like money from a few feet, but once you pick it up... you get an ad
Take a second and look between the E and the X there is an arrow
The transit system in my city allows you to track the buses in real time
This weird looking garlic
Tree in my house has an eye
My Cheerios have hearts
Unmelted frost in shadow of tree
This guy in clash of clans
Sunglasses smiley face in my Cinnabon
This Pringle with little bumps on it from the molding process.
Google going the extra mile to include all the activities.
A plastic bottle before it is blow molded.
My sweet potato looks like my thumb
These dirty metal bins have dirty metal stickers on the side to cover the dirty metal
Cool Sweet Potato Sea Lion. Here's My Driftwood Dolphin.
A large piece of popcorn
This leaf I found
Stages of fossil preparation ( ichthyosaur ribs form the posidonia shale )
These dirty metal bins have dirty metal stickers printed on the side to cover the dirty metal 🤷‍♂️
IKEA has to bolt down their toilets to stop people from pooping in the showrooms.
Big spikey fruit. Not sure what it is.
The walls of the bathroom in a local restaurant
Meat Vending Machine in Japan
This Snail left a cool trail coming out of the rain
Banana the peeled into a heart
My buttcrack goes all the way through to my vagina evenly NSFW
My odometer today
A worker in my factory has a cowboy hat that doubles as a hard hat
The Stock Price of the Corona Beer Company for the last 6 Months
When numbers lineup
Idk if this is really interesting but these Rubiks Cubes
This sign at my University with the number for the library police.
This dude is rapping about kidsbooks
This ad I got for Princess cruises on a coronavirus statistics website
Kiss of life information from 1962
Time has turned this parking sign into rainbow silver
Time has turned this parking sign into a rainbow silver.
This box of matches.
The McDonalds menu board runs an app called CHIPS.exe.
The CDC Guide to Facial hair and Respirators
China created their own emoji for the Corona Virus period
How they get the yellow lines on the side of roads in London.
This milk carton bar code has a cow eating from the outgrown bars
This garbage truck is smaller than average
I found this on the street today. I think this is the exact same one I lost in December
My kit kat had no wafers in it
This side table at Warby Parker, custom made to hold those books.
The paper towel dispenser looks like it is poking its tongue out at me.
A leaf
This shape of a face in profile in the middle of the snare drum of my music school
Red onion that looks like a bird
The ceiling light reflection looks like a UFO in the sky.
The way my coffe raised perfectly specular
My second handlettering atwork
Shortest abstract in Physics
Egg forms perfect bubble while poaching in ramen broth
My egg poached into a water tight bubble while poaching in my ramen broth
Prissy lil Matador
How close this pack of nails was to falling off the hanger at my work.
A shadow from a fire hose that looks like an African woman's head.
Italian Prime Minister announcing schools shut down while showing off his commemorative paintings about Italy's victory over the Tripods during the War of the Worlds
Hardly anybody is at the Narita airport because of the cronavirus
Cricket - field setup
The naturally pink sky near Melbourne Australia
The paradoxical nature of this advert.
The USB sticks that show you how much space has been used.
This aubergine looks like Pinocchio
This aubergine looks like Pinocchio 🤥
What he done this time?
This skateboard holder
This woolly sticker on a car
My cat had a busy night harvesting all of this.
I couldn't bring myself to chop this guy up
I couldn't bring myself to chop this guy up
Old Zealand, that someone probably already told you about
The murder mystery section at the local bookstore
Deformed gummy bear, I almost felt bad eating it
The way the snow melted in my back yard
my dad found this classic Coors can at a job site, it doesnt have a pull tab to open it. pretty old.
These white strawberries
The shadow of this chair and towel looks like a person with an evil smile.
I got a half and half Dot.
My Dad's version of the fidget spinner. He carried a set of silver dollars in his left pocket which he could roll and tumble to relieve his anxiety. He even required a replacement set!
The Walmart near me started putting cereal in the refrigerated sections of the store
The first Sid Meier's Civilization technology tree poster possibly from 1991 in flawless condition.
To the person who's sweet potato looks like a sea lion, mine looks like a duck.
RGB Freezer!
The way my school's 3D printer absolutely fucked this up.
Do extra work to eat candy...
This short rib is frowning
Do extra work to eat candy...
Because... Why not?
A little ice donut rolled down the hill and stopped, sharpie for scale
This man came and ate at this Subway in CO in the same booth everyday for over 20 years. He also passed away on his birthday.
What “Broadway” the center of Alcatraz looks like with almost no one there.
My workplace installed this panel over one of the fluorescent lights.
25 cents in pennies vs in quarters
From this exact spot, these two buildings look like one.
a Bismuth crystal
A Kid’s Door at the Dentist Office
My eraser melts the plastic on my calculator
They misspelled “Warning” on my space heater label, but somehow made it even more accurate
These Rick and Morty gloves someone made at my work.
My space heater has a typo on the warning label that actually makes sense still
Conjoined carrots
Shrivelled leaf i noticed
Slow-mo fro-zone x-plode
To the truck with Woody and Buzz, I raise you the whole cast!
This straw berry
Google Satellite Image Strips Show Variation in Tanana River Silt Color
My neighbor has pet chickens
Isuzu, Ford, GMC Oddity Seen in Seattle
An electric guitar that let's you change pickups at any time
Melted down two old candles and mixed them together, and then stuck it in the fridge. Somehow this happened.
My rubber bands have a picture of a bear on them
Found an old keyring with some rewards tags of dead businesses ... I do miss Borders, B&amp;N doesn’t have the same vibe
This hallway looks like something out of a horror movie
Am I the last to know what this symbolizes?
How they built around the tree, this picture is from the second floor
These two cars parked next to each other with the same brand and color at the same time
This broken twig after a windstorm that looks like a perfectly stylish K
My company received a national award for being "below average"
This pretzel shaped like an R
Ship engine on Iwo Jima
The way this icicle formed on this wind chime the other night.
Three generations of UNO
romantically cutting mangos
Almost 40 years ago this Volcanic Ash was collected from the Mt St Helens eruption
Seedless apples
The veins on this leaf align perfectly with the creases on my hand
Accidentally had a plastic lens in between papers then shredded it
My disinfecting wipes kill "human coronavirus"; am I safe?
Family of Sandhill Cranes outside of a CVS
Two little droplets perfectly in the 99
The water looks still. Plane flight to New York
somewhat reminds me of the windows xp wallpaper.
My Coleus grew into the shape of a heart.
Pink morning clouds in Miami
Kinda cool I guess
Sold the house almost a year ago
Pretty cool out tonight!
These Nikes have no label
I made a collage of all the stylized A24 logos.
1,000 horsepower racing engine on the frame of a mini at this car show.
Old medical advice card in our old house
These two intertwined carrots
My favorite lamp is a hiding rabbit
Photo of cats and a photo of holes they dug. Kinda looks like a crappy rendered fence.
Looks like it’s floating (yes, that’s too many mints for one person, I’m working on it)
Snow snik on the golf course.
Bill Nye The Science Guy School Worksheets
Photo of cats and a photo of holes they dug. Kinda looks like a crappy rendered fence.
I coincidentally got a ps2 on the 20th anniversary of the console.
Defying Gravity
This squid ice cream I ate
Sidewalks in Italy have so many mopeds park that the kickstands imprint the pavement
These heart-shaped teaspoons with corresponding messages.
Mars has a blue sunset
Black lab and 3 dozen of his mates pose for an Ellen Degeneres style Selfie at a local Doggie Daycare
These lines on my yogurt cup look like a painting
The way my Takis were organized in the bag
is it just me or does my jar of chilli look like western Europe?
AHHHHHHH 1234 SCORE credits to u/louisplays2k19
Buskers in London have card machines
I got a newly minted quarter as change today featuring bats and America Samoa.
I’ve almost completely used one of my pens.
Ohio is the only state to still have its own original state constitution still intact, written in 1803.
A blue bottle fly maggot under an electron microscope looks like a claymation walrus.
The way the middle of this Allergy medicine looks blue because of the blue cup
The doctor is in.
2666 a conspiracy theory? Credits to u/yeetsville21
This branch at my university that naturally changes color as it extends out.
I got an add of Moriah on a vid of hers
My cats double thumbed paws
My cats double thumbed paws
My cats double thumbed paws
There’s a hole in my love for the potato chips.
It’s this bot’s cake day
Someone loves their lesbian sister and wants everyone to know it.
My plant gave me a Winter Squash (those two at the sides came from the same plant)
Has happened every winter but this one. Glad I took a photo last year!
So much rain this winter thick moss grew on the driveway leaving a space where I park my car.
(sorry for bad photo quality) i looked at our waxing gibbous and it had a big ring of light around it!
My wife asked me if I thought there was something “Botticelli-esque” about this sweet potato. Life becomes art.
During some down time at work, summer 2012, I had all 4 aces come up together in Solitaire.
The snow melted and only footprints were left behind
This gas station/truck stop has a small dog park for dogs taken along on road trips
Ever wondered what horseshoe crabs in eggs look like? Here are some I raised.
This curved tree
My pack of unopened crackers is missing a cracker!
My sweet potato looks like a sea lion
New understanding of neutron stars.
Paperclip lounge chair
There's a ladybug stamped inside on the bottom of my shave soap container.
Jesus is giving me my Chick fil a order
The tag on my frying pan has thyme seeds in it
The way these icecubes froze
Saying your sandwich is a wrap cost $3.85 more at Subway
This cool looking penguin warning sign
Got sent mailers in the same mailer I ordered
My nose bleed turned into Pinocchio after using this paper towel
The staff here use this to cover the automatic door sensor while they're cleaning
This is what the inside of an inhaler looks like.
How perfectly this shirt matches my car's upholstery
My medication belongs to Lois.
This antique globe pencil sharpener
This Newspaper From 1913 I found in a book from 1903.
The wrapping on this starburst (left) is inside out.
This skid mark that looks like a question mark
Stage fright from googly eyes?
The way these books are ordered.
This bag of apples has a scale to show how the type of apples are
Friends catching a ride on a semi
These massive lemons me and buddy found while on a hike in Kauai, Hawaii
1997’s predictions for 2020
If this birds nostrils were eyes it would look like a muppet
My church has these coffee straws
This old fence that a tree grew through.
My nugget nectar has a heart. I love you too.
I received the same birthday card from two different people in two different states
Saw this on my dog walk today
This anti-squirel bird feeder box has a sad crying squirel on it.
This pumpkin without green pigment
Intriguing detail job
I have an extra bone growth next to my knee that I like to call my extra knee cap
My Local K-Mart is closing, it makes me sad I bought all my Wii and DS Games here.
The way this ice froze
The biggest blueberry I’ve ever seen
GPS tracking shows Wolf packs avoiding each other’s territory.
A customer gave me 3 $2 bills as payment today
Considering the Corona virus, might be a while
These loofahs look like the little mermaid
Huh? You never see this note
Transamerica Building casting shadow on light fog.
(Rephrase!) Look what I found out of a bag of iced animal crackers.
This floor in my friend’s basement
This living sand dollar with a little barnacle buddy
I opened two 3.3 lb. bags of Dubble Bubble gumballs and separated them into eight containers by color
Two spoons, one wrapper
Two conjoined snickers bar wrappers
When you order twist but get dicks!
An 11 year old can of fruit salad.
This graffiti board at my sylvan learning academy
A yoga studio with a very familiar logo
This 3rd, Er 4th brake light that I spotted in traffic earlier.
ive been fighting the same rat for about 5 hours
Doors for windows...?
This mega cracker stayed together at production, made it through shipping, and finally proved there is no more truth in advertising.
These tree chandeliers
This well worn sock, exposing the elastic lattice "skeleton" of the sock
My do-si-do did a do-si-do and came flipped with one cookie flipped inside out.
The bent trees in my local cemetary
This is what an hour long episode of network television looks like inside the editing console
Does this mean a toilet is technically a pool???
The reflection in my glass making a 5.
I found a multi-flower on my school's football field
Someone's put a giant rubber duck in this pool of water I walk past everyday
This 'Caution! Wet floor' cone is shaped like a banana peel
This in flight movie on my way to the Philippines
This restroom’s two-way mirror.
An interesting title
One of the grapes is green
Business as usual for New Zealand.
This hair salon poster that cuts his hair as you pull off pieces by Pablo Rochat
My Pub Quiz team got 69 points three times in a row.
A urinal for extra tall people included at this bar!
This steak looks like a map of poland
This $32 bottle of “iceberg” water
The change in SD card storage capacity over the years
My sandwich looks like the United States
Had a party bus as my Grab Ride today (Singapore UBER)
Rock looks like it depicts a volcano on an ancient map
This tiny toilet at the Dr's Office. (Chiropractor)
No More Cages
My town put these signs next to each other. They're placed in a heavily trafficked area btw
The shadow on the back of this car.
My hotel has a wooden room key
Good to know
This washing station near the dining area of a local burger place. Im always reminded to wash my hands before eating here because of it and I love it
This choc bar I bought!
This red onion hidden in a white onion bag.
Bathroom with glass floor revealing abandoned elevator shaft below.
What is the oldest human made object that you own?
Too much foam in my washing machine made nice contrast
Conspiracy, coincidence, or foretelling?
There's a statue in St. Andrews - Scotland dedicated to Hamish McHamish a town cat who used to visit people's shops. You can actually buy a book about him on Amazon!
This old DIY book from 1985 (RIP Adam słodowy)
Plague inc prediction. Whole world infected, exept NZ.
This lady's Betty Boop doll collection
This lady's Betty Boop doll collection
My gym has a grey set of dumbbells mixed with the rest, which are black
Somebody scratched the world map into this lamppost
My husband and I finished our toothpaste at the same time.
I parked next to the exact same make, colour, and year of car on sunday.
Ghoulish Mirror Image Photo of my Campfire taken with my new Ipad. Creepy!!
Weird curly strawberry
My brother injured himself badly and taught himself to paint. I'm blown away.
The wear on the rubber of my phone case after 2 years of use
Google turned my photos into this panorama
My heart rate while jerking off
Extra big hula hoop ( UK crisp)
This miscut bag of Doritos.
My daughter persuaded me to try her blackhead remover mask (zoom in for more detail)
I found a misprinted penny!
Big hula hoop
My shadow in the reflection
This water splotch looks like the State of Alaska
These clips on our flagpole have slowly been worn down. The other one already broke because of it.
I mean... Everyone has it now.
I mean... Everyone has it now.
the way the light looks on the philodendron leaf.
sad coffee stain on my counter
I found a calculator cover in class that's covered with gum wrappers. I'm just so impressed with how well it's done.
A small m&amp;m I found in the bag, jolly rancher for scale
This pancake I made looks like a brain
Sandhill Crane lurking outside Popeye's Chicken
This knitting pattern from the 1960’s features some delightfully whimsical models.
This tree that escaped its confines
This LoZ rupee shaped vein cluster in my forearm
This heron waiting outside Popeye's Chicken.
My BigMac came without a sesame seed bun
Someone wants me to go this way
This rice that is completely flat post cooking
God wants me to go this way
The pattern in this soap makes it look like a pair of headphones
This is what roughly ~$17,000 in gold looks like
I enjoy using varied irrelavant object's patterns for each of my leather bag designs.
This strawberry has two strawberry's in one
This vending machine that sells hairpieces
This glitch in the matrix
These Building supports in my neighborhood
This taxi going through a carwash
This piece of sourbread that looks like the smash symbol
Make your own hand sanitizer! - Amid fears of the Coronavirus it my be hard to find hand sanitizer at your local store! Don’t worry – turns out it’s easy to make! Combine in a bowl: ⅔-cup rubbing alcohol (99% isopropyl alcohol) ⅓-cup aloe vera gel. Stir. Decant into a clean soap or pump bottle.
One petal on this tulip is half red.
This thunderbolt that lit up exactly half of the sky
One million moms’ reaction to onwards openly gay character
This multi colored orange
This funyun I found that looks like a boomerang
Cupping done to help with my back and muscle pain.
A pattern left by a fork and spoon after cocoa powder was sprinkled on this plate at work
A new video algorithm takes water out of under water videos. (Sea-Thru)
This transit card doesn’t expire until November 2038.
My walk around Boston looks like Alaska
Unmelted snow in the shadow of the rail forming a unique little line
Dried water on a metal bowl looks like a panda.
The emergency signs glow in the dark
This old bullet I once found. The pencil is for scale, because it's smaller than people think it is.
My kids received a mixed bag of minifigs from their friends. One of the is/looks like a tiny Marilyn Monroe.
This hair salon poster
If you google Tangled, Pascal is credited below the directors as a chameleon
My nostrils before and after my gf picked most of the nose-hairs with tweezers
This transit card doesn’t expire until November 2038.
Pearson airport in Toronto has Uber eats delivery and pickup from restaurants
This hallway where it’s marked which way the doors open and how much space they take up
Followup from my last post, and bit less mild. This is possibly a more iconic wall for those who go to this uni. This place puts games and movies, its graduates have been a part of, on the same wall.
I used salt water for watercolor and forgot about it. Square salt flakes formed after drying out.
Our unfortunate fortunes
This microscopic view of a cats tongue looks like a bunch of other tongues
These tables are made from recycled bowling lanes.
Since we seem to like excited mushrooms
Good to know guys
The water on the ground formed an arrow
The instructions for my new inhaler.
This page in the back of my Daytimer...
I found a bag of unicorn farts at a pawn shop.
I put $20 in a vending machine and it spit out 17 dollar coins!
Work as a stocker at a Walmart in Ohio, found this candy wrapper in a box of picture frames
The ice on the roof removed a screw
An ingenious method to protect yourself from corona virus
Thank me laterr.,
Daughters reading book from school is Star Wars : A New Hope
These daisies formed perfect droplets of water around them.
My old neighborhood Blockbuster video is a Mexican grocery store
Straw misplaced during manufacturing
This is how my friend wears his headphones
This error (unfortunately) that showed on the screen of the ATM about my partners account balance
Ice Crystal Formation in my 5 month Ice Cream Tub
My health insurance card in my wallet
Got a picture of my eye in the sun, and seeing the small tendon like structures so clearly is pretty cool
The 1955 Powell Sport Wagon came equipped with fishing pole storage.
Our new tv has a keyboard for it.
The top of my Pringle’s has a smiley face
Did I just ring up Satan
Big grape... why is it so large? (My hands aren’t small)
Got 2 £20 that were made right after each other
the heart these wires make is too cute
This bathroom has a sign in book to keep you occupied when using it.
This is what 7 months and over 800 frames of negatives looks like.
The printing on this pill resembles the name of a Nascar/F1 race
Australian English as a language option on this washing machine
Australian English as a language option on this washing machine
My vacuum came with a "seam ripper," to help clear the brush head.
A backwards cracker sandwich
My Amethyst Basil plant has a little green spot in it.
Just going to the local supermarket and bumped into this pimp
My carwash lets people shoot passing cars with a suds gun.
This outdoor seating arrangement I found the other day (Seattle)
1€ worth of anti depressants. Thanks helthcare system that isn't s***
The way this egg shell broke but the membrane remained intact
The front wall fell off this entire block of tenement flats
Pizza place prints pictures of shelter dogs on their boxes to help them get adopted
Miniature blacksmithing equipment? The anvil weighs at least 3 pounds.
This picture of my friend looks like a stock image
The way the candlelight shines through the glass of water on my plate/pasta.
Christmas Rubix Cube
The stop button on my city’s buses.
This box of tea bags contains the only “Ingredient” List I’ve ever seen (Not Ingredients)
Double whammy! Reese's wrapped the egg twice, and you can see the crystallised sugar on the inside
I'm having a can of fertilized corn for dinner after watching reviews of canned foods
How my Coffee Separated Itself
Dunking Donuts table is an actual donut
The exit number (top right) seems misaligned on the Zzyzx Road sign on the I-15 from Los Angeles to Las Vegas.
The way these bubbles are suspended in the water jug
The scratchmarks of the chairs on the wooden floor of this computer room.
I left my spoon in my lunchbox and it got covered in ketchup. This is the result after about 6 hours sitting in it.
My sister got a new tattoo and this perfectly heart-shaped red piece of skin fell off.
My Scrabble game played out almost entirely on one half of the board, and neither of us could use up our tiles.
Two diffrent styles of D4
Each window on this old building in my town is different.
The difference in colour between the recently chopped side of the wood and the colour of the side which has been chopped a week ago.
Sunshine on a cloudy day.
this interesting nerd
My bottle was printed twice
The sink in airplane from my flight yesterday
This ambulance has two license plates
This nitrogen capsule in my coffee
Animal crackers from work today - they start off as a puzzle!
If an end of a Mason jar is going to come off, the wasnt the one I was expecting.
This cat flap
The sun reflecting on a building during a very dark and rainy day during rush hour, Toronto.
The sun reflecting on a building during a very dark and rainy day during rush hour, Toronto.
These ammo boxes hold the same amount of rounds.
This truck had woody and buzz on the steps
Watered down gummy bears lookin thique
$3,000 worth of migraine medication. 9 more months needed.
I just accidentally balanced a light switch in the middle
Is that a muddy driveway with snow or a sandy beach with ocean foam?
Got bored. I made a structure with whole deck of cards and it turns out it can support 5,26 kg
My pillow has Niel Armstrong's face is in it has
This tree only has leaves growing around a lamp
The shape of this pear
This TJMaxx canvas has hot glue on it to give the illusion that it has real paint strokes
The hotel I stayed in Bolivia was made entirely out of salt. Those walls are edible.
This peice of conjoined paper
this pepper that has a pepper inside
My tangerine didn't have a tiny tangerine inside it.
Books are more expensive than dvds at this charity shop. How times have changed.
The marble/limestone floor in this shopping centre has tiny fossils they claim are 80 million years old.
I cracked my beer when I opened it
This cotton swab that came out with no cotton.
I forgot to post this milk I had bought a couple weeks back. It’s the elusive ever-lasting 2% milk
Restoration project shields create an illusion as if trees are growing out of metal panels
Made a handwritten copy of the Book of Mormon in five months:
I drew a Sierpinski triangle
My calendar tells me which day of the year it is and how many days are left.
Met my doppelgänger at a concert recently
I worked on this for 30-60 seconds each day at work while waiting for my computer to log on. I'm no artist, but I thought it was kinda cool.
My wife’s orange had a tiny orange inside it
The straw in my milkshake is pasta.
This park assist device in this parking lot tells you which spots are occupied or open
These two grapes are joined together
This Kids Door at my Dentist Office
Thank me laterr.,
A photo studio in Baku mistakenly has used Kim Jong-Un's picture for their advertisement
Typing “please sir” activates this emoji
The second death star as an egg
Pretty equal
A photo studio for 3:4 pics
My clock in my car has the wrong date
This Cheeto is making me sad
Weather forecasting stone I found at a local campsite!
My burned finger is happy to be healing.
Yesterday was third day, third month, third day of the week. Triple Third day.
We found a penny that had been living in the washing machine for far too long.
Kate looks like she’s waving to Heidi on MSN’s newsfeed
This peculiar cactus
This cherry tree at my school is blooming before it even has leaves
The results of trying to microwave an egg
The size of this scratch off
Emergency alarm chords running along the floor of the disabled toilet in Berlin Airport in case someone falls over and requires assistance
Washing machine included a significant length of only one wire.
The conjoined tomatoes
My college's pestle and mortar is so old it's made in a country that doesn't exist anymore
This very small men's bathroom
This wholesome message that I found in a restaurant I visited today. I bet they made a lot of people's days.
A strip bar in Boise reminds us that Epstein didn't kill himself (Suicide shots half off)
A strip bar in Boise reminds us that Epstein didn't kill himself (Suicide shots half off)
This man hiding in my Apple....
Double Rainbow
Science these days..
Wet floor sign, made to like a slippery banana.
The bottom of my coffee cup looks like a Bob Ross painting
Found at IKEA, gimme them Plattbojs!
Switch case that I made! Came out awesome.
This switch case I made ❤️
Minor imperfection in the lip of a pop can (mug root beer)
A double yoke in my morning egg
The Ibicela's fruit looks like a Mammoth's head
A Fata Morgana effect I shot a while back
The phallic way in which my cactus started growing.
Sunlight through the window Sort of looks like a Minecraft character.
The way this tree grew
LOL. Accurate descriptions.
Big gas tank things painted as popular sodas
Today is my cake day, but my Reddit age is 366 days.
Cleaning up this transmission fluid made me feel some kind of way...
Milk leaked from my trashcan and kind of look like a fist.
This frost pattern on my car this morning
Cigarettes and pringles cost about the same in russia 140 rubles for all flavors winston blue 148
An unlikely pairing.
An unlikely pairing.
A fly trapped under clear tape
Laboratory safety switch...
This Penny I found
Double yoke
This penny
A banana wet floor sign.
I just bought a McDonald's meal for £12.46 at 12:46.
I had a baby satsuma inside my satsuma
The number of plastic bottles saved on this drinking fountain
A mushroom grew on the side of this peat moss pot.
This early 20th century postcard makes for a risqué assertion and puts the pressure on. Slangs have changed a lot in 100 years.
These water meter covers all using a different font.
An glass cutter found in my garage is that old it was made in West Germany
Tiny Toblerone
How I found a Squirrel in the tree eating a cone
Text orientation on these switches
Atomik vodka made with grains from the Chernobyl exclusion zone. Made me think Chernabro, I don’t want a radioactive hangover thanks. Still interesting nonetheless.
the way this puddle froze over a patch of grass
Ttthank me laterrr,.
Pavlov's Dogs? Each morning I get up early and make myself 3 or 4 cups of coffee (black) as the dogs snooze next to me. When I'm ready to leave, I make a cup for my wife (with cream &amp; sugar), and when the dogs hear the clink of the spoon...
Just realized that 303 days are remaining in 2020!
A keyboard and mouse kit that came with the batteries
This diet takeaway menu my father received today
Comparing my first laptop from 21 years ago to my current laptop.
Found a stone today with buddhist scriptures. Do you know more?
DOOM’s twitter account is located in hell
This biscuit being deformed.
The way this ice formed
These icons on the unisex toilet
Official Capcom Licensed game token 2001.
Huge coco pebble
The bike lockups in the parking garage at work have these repair stations set up
I stayed out of town and woke up to this note on my truck door.
Heart shaped onion ring.
It actually rained where I live all day today! It’s rare for it to rain more than enough to dirty your car, usually followed by a dust storm. The rain drops on my parents Elephant Ear plant looked as nice as the rain smelt! #nofilter
The way the sun came up and clipped through the pole
The Dino-Chicken Project - Genetically Reverse Engineering A Dinosaur (From A Chicken) - Dr. Dana Rashid, Montana State University
Chocolate cross sections
A pepper growing inside a pepper.
My friend takes interest in European taxidermy, this is the first skull he cleaned.
This chain of clouds
It seems that Asterix &amp; Obelix predicted the Corona virus.
Shelves of TP is being sold out in Perth. None in Coles, Woolies, IGA. Wonder if it's the same over East?
They forgot to add Lou's mouth in this frame
The pattern of my skin
This frost on the top of my car
My local zoo still has a sign up for the black rhinos when they had one decades ago, The black rhino has been extinct since 2011
This frost pattern on the top of my car this morning
These 2 apples that grew stuck to each other
The clock in my classroom aligning with a shadow
$12,000 worth of cancer pills
A grape butt!
This is the wall paper on my school's pc the war of stick man evolved over time as other people added to it
An origami dwarf folded by me.
Some more ice cream sandwich comics for you folks.
Stone age USB flash?
Some more ice cream comic for you folks.
The way the dirt settled in the water
Accidentally caught 2 birds mid-flight
The colour differance of my floor from one part being under the rug. (The yellow part was not under the rug.)
These elongated grapes
13 consecutive new plastic £20 notes I got from the ATM today
Using filters to check the likenesses of drawings.
This is what a knee replacement looks like. Surgeon dropped this one before surgery so it's a fairly expensive paperweight now.
There is a little plant growing out of my sink.
22 consecutive $50 notes
22 consecutive $50 notes
Some protein crystals I made a while back
Found 2 oranges in my fridge from may 2019 and one is rotten while other is perfectly fine
Found this message under my xbox one whilst cleaning it
The gas station across my town has a miniature pedestrian overpass at the entrance
My aunt works in a middle school, she found this in a broken locker. #thekidsarealright
My aunt works in a middle school, she found this in a broken locker 😂 #thekidsarealright
My iPhone has finally learned that ‘Fuck’, is a word.
This is how they sell wine bottles at this music festival. 4 cups that come apart.
I got 5 of the new £20 notes all with consecutive serial numbers
The Japanese are back at it again
This was at 8 oclock in a storm
Almost perfect cracked eggs
We just got a new projector in our class so our classmates leave messages for our teachers.
These two wetsuits stuck together
This wotsit
My friend made a keychain for me. Pretty brutal.
My boiled egg popped whilst pooling and left a spiderweb over my pot
The plane to Italy we got on.
This demolished house that left its imprint on the neighbor building.
How my dad went to work after the coronavirus scares in india
This incredibly unlikely marketing choice for the Matrix trilogy cover image.
I reached more than 100 tabs on Android Chrome, and the tabs button changed to this
I found a three-biscuit oreo in a packet of regular oreos
My blood sugar was almost the same as the time. Almost as infuriating as being diabetic
Water was condensing on my window this morning
This Cloud of Pollen Emanating from the Evergreens
Idk If this counts but I just found an old 10 euro note in my closet lol I haven’t seen one of these in years idk I thought it was cool
This really tiny receipt I got.
The way the same post is named differently depending on the sub it’s on.
My 4 year old brother drew this...I should be worried
Refilled my hand soap with a different brand of soap today and this happened. Science rules.
Does this count as a skill? Ladies, my buddy is single. Lol!
Bullet holes on staircase from WWII Pearl Harbor attack kept during renovation
Does this count as a skill? Ladies, my buddy is single. Lol!
A chandelier made from elk antlers
I guess panda is running out of fortunes
My friend's dog has his own mask.
Clapped a moth out of the air and left a perfect dust image behind
The double yoked egg I used to make my latkes this morning
These urinals have a communal toilet paper roll mounted on the wall.
These E-Paper/E-ink price tags at a store in Latvia.
I found the baby in the mardi gras king cake!
This one hair on my wrist that grows over an inch longer than all of the others.
My sister’s photo shoot caught the perfect moment when my nephew threw up on top of my brother in law
This antique Under Armour chair
I played enough videogames to know what to do here
I have officially pressed the "save to watch later" button 1,000 times.
Sydney supermarkets are running out of toilet paper
Someone left behind this box at the train station
I found a penis shaped hot cheeto
Looked up and saw a tiny solder on this street sign in Reykjavik Iceland.
8 year old me was badass (or a hoarder at heart) and kept the packaging for my earliest Pokémon cards. And yes, the one lonely pack of digimon cards.
I accidentally spilled raw rice on the hot stove and this is what happened to it
These deformed daisies I found look like a nature glitch
Three strawberries grown into one.
The calendar in my car is confused
I don't know why but my book inflated during the flight
I found my cream cheese smiling today
Smooth ice cream
My coffee was amazed
Mr Krabs Hands Look Like A Butt
This shredder can shred a bar of pure gold
These completely smooth pennies I found
This sticker in a restaurant bathroom
A handful of JADE and MAGNETS (the way my 3 bracelets look when I take them off)
The dent in the back of this truck looks like Cleopatra.
Superman has switched sides
The part of a marker that holds the ink
A handfull of jade and magnets (my three bracelets)
An ancient Egyptian Royal Kohl Tube (mascara) Worn by both men and women for fashion and protection against evil spirits, as well as eye protection against the harsh desert environment. Comprised of alligator dung, water, and honey
We have a Sgt. Stuby statue near us dedicated the the war time hero!
An egg that i left in the freezer
An old Ad from a 1979 playboy.
This midprinted wrapper on a box of chips ahoy
Had a wound drain sewed in my neck after surgery today.
I have five bills with consecutive serial numbers.
These binoculars made in the USSR
The use of spring steel in my deadbolt lock
This sriracha sauce packet in the shape of the sriracha bottle
Common misconceptions: Florida is flat. Clermont, FL.
This very specific age range.
Water bottle
Restaurant uses maritime flag to indicate you need assistance.
This tiny clothespin I found today
The impression my TV remote left on my leg, my skin is like memory foam.
Ginger, Garlic, hot chilies and pepper together with Hot water could be helpful for Corona Virus!
These two people happened to comment the same thing on a post.
I love this gift card sleeve
My carrots are really big fans of Hank Ballard
concerned pigeons
a carved avocado
The design my shampoo made when I put it in this travel bottle
Ever since elementary, I’ve seen a leprechaun in the US map. Just ignore Tennessee.
I got a notification saying that my post got 11 upvotes.
Soap looks like a tree on a hill with the moon in the background
I got a notification saying that my post hit 11 upvotes.
How Mcdonalds makes their fries.
The yeast in my homemade kombucha looks like a heart....or an orange....can’t really tell which.
played with a set of double 15 dominos, didn't this existed!
John Hopkins site looking like a beta of Plague
The soap at my gym
The color scheme of my feed had me like “oooooo”
CDC site looking like a beta version of Plague
Check out these vintage sweet (candy) adverts I found this weekend in a book shop
My roommate/bestie forgot about her sweet potato. This is 4 months later...I can’t bring myself to throw it out
My 3ds looks like a mini version of my computer
Saw this in a store window. Wonder what's that about
Found this in the restroom...had to share it with reddit.
This church my ancestors built in 1871
This picture of a lake at dusk looks like a tare in the fabric of space and time.
My Lava Lamp, Upside Down
An old lighter I found while going through some old stuff
yours vs her boy's
Tormund is the gatekeeper to my hotel room
This bird Kamikazed into the side of my friend’s car this morning while driving at 70mph and left quite an impression.
My seat was the only one on the flight with the no smoking sign turned off.
I live a block away from a candy factory, and after a snowstorm this “sugar” was all over my car
This vending machine I found in Germany containing cookies, snacks, eggs, potatoes, and various pickled foods
Someone has dedicated their career to egg art.
So, the snow decided not to touch my wall
My friend built a working cardboard game console, you can change the game and everything!
This game tells you the local time and the dev time.
My class schedule for this semester makes a smiley face.
one, two, and three
My half-melted Mango slushie looks just like a poured beer.
My dad found some coins that fit exactly into our tap handles!
My school has a mezuzah (Hebrew prayer scroll case) next to the front door.
Just another day with your kids down the neighborhood.
This is what happens when an egg is laid underwater.
This sign leaving my office after a blind turn. Can't find anything like it online.
These mountains look unrendered
I peeled off my yogurt lid and it was totally clean on the inside.
The way this snake lays
penis in the sky
Adult sized wine juice boxes.
This new gin
Zendaya did shows at my local theater back in 2009
The last time I inspected the fire extinguishers at work was 2/2/2020. Today I was asked to go check them again... today is 3/3/2020. I was the only one at work who thought this was even a little interesting... lol
My Frequently Visited Sites Tab Spells ‘Don’t’
A panel at my garage showing different impacts and breaks that can be on a windshield
After a day of moving dirty stuff my bandage left a perfect clean spot
This bathroom has a motion activated air freshener above the toilet paper dispenser
Google photos automatically styled my dog ​​photo
Fence was built between and around trees.
This pretzel
Cooking dinner I noticed the time and temperature were the same.
These balloon hats I made.
IDK who needs this, but if you ever need to move a lamb over a wall, you can refer to this.
Google photos automatically styled my dog ​​photo ( i am Brazilian, so it's in portuguese)
Curved pretzel in a bag of pretzel sticks
A&amp;W has these drink stoppers shaped like their logo.
I’ve had a safari page open for 7 months
An armadillo outside my house
This hotel has complimentary sunscreen and after sun by the rooftop pool.
An unopened mini babyruth with no actual babyruth in it
I’m sure this happens quite often in matchbooks, but I thought it fit here
The clouds kind of look like the gates of Heaven rn
Our calico cat has a black spot in her mouth
The Starbucks drive through has photos of all their animal customers.
Google news gave Bloomberg a Harry Potter tattoo
Sorry for the bad quality, but this cool break in the clouds, kinda like a shelf.
Got a crinkle crisp in a regular bag
Got a crinkle crisp in a regular bag
These mushrooms seeping out of a mushroom growing kit.
These two dogs share the same genetic eye trait!
I just realized what my dogs rope toy looks like
Moon-like light
Not sure who’s idea it was to put a mirror while your shitting but i dig
Coffee with a cool name
this shadow looks like chewbacca from solo
This bubble from my beer
I found this Cheerio in my bowl, it’s three merged to one. I found it cool
Mike and Ike barcode
Hand-drawn Pibb Xtra sign at restaurant
This corner fireplace I saw while visiting a house
This Smarties with one packaged sideways
This old micrometer set I found
i work in a cookie bakery. the whole time i was making this cookie i was giggling like a school girl. his name is toke, and yes he has a joint.
This giant baby carrot in my bag
The extreme size differences in these Robin Eggs (the ones in the middle are the normal size)
Putting Education to good use
Dye dispersion in de ionized water
These circular playing cards I found
Saw this on the back of a truck today in traffic.
Bringing back weird elementary school memories: A THREAD
This trophy from 1966 in my school.
The reflected sunlight off my metal coffee pot makes it look like my dish soap is a candle.
This sewer cover that’s been ground down by cars stopping at an intersection
My dad decapitated a wasp
This piece of dried paint floating around on the surface of my paint water
Mass matter
Finding the warm sunlight square
Local bowling alley has a hole on the door to get to the back of the lanes
My uncle Tom's woodworking skills.
This new Leaning Tower
My water bottle deformed to a triangle upon landing. I drank most of the water at altitude, so it was filled with low-pressure air.
My moms religious hand soap #lent
This robot named Sebastian at Walmart.
My dad’s picture of the blood moon
These bike racks shaped like bikes
My no-assembly stool came with assembly instructions.
Perfect concentric circles left by my Roomba
A misprinted penny I found
The name of my amphetamine prescriber.
The bubbles on this container of body wash
My pen ink doesn't dry on the printed lines of my paper
Somebody capped my guy upside down
Chef at local pub draws these boards after work. I feel like his work deserves some love.
The way the snow slides off this roof
Cause and effect.
Banana with a pearl earring.
my roommates cat has triangular pupils
The light from my window reflecting off of the chrome Acer logo and onto my leg.
The light from my window reflecting off of the chrome Acer logo and onto my leg.
This chip looks like a upvote
A branch fell from my tree then cut into firewood.
Here you go the inside of the box... This go's with my early post
The brain on this lady
Placed the charge cable on the iPad after listening to music and it made a treble clef.
My first moon photo.
French movie titles: take the original English film title, translate it into French, then run it back into English.
A screen at the hospital had a wallpaper from the “Flower” game
First Sonic The Hedgehog, now the Dow Jones. Y’all are something else!
This fifty pence coin has the definition of the words 'fifty' and 'pence' on the back.
This snowflake that landed on my coat
Caution cone shaped like a banana peel (OC)
I spilled a drop of coffee on my office desk and it made a foot
Did Googles algorithm just detect a full moon and a dog's butt? They are two different photos taken on the same day. Pixel then reminds you a few years later
This imperfect carrot .. that needs to take a pee, real bad
The way these water droplets line up with my mum's sink basket where the mesh crosses
My silverware was magnatized in the restaurant dishwasher
This is what 194 people have said so far... Where do you stand? I'm a 7
All of it is clouds
One sideways pill in the strip
Memory of a rocket leave, olive oil on plastic board.
My soap turned into the Pusheen cat
A board game made specially for dank memesters.
The bottom of this glass is not level
These painted lines are based on what a females spit looks like under the microscope when she is most fertile
This uni puts up games its graduates worked on.
The tap a color filter with my salt rock
My wafer look funny, my wafer look strange
This house in Guadeloupe
My inner tube patch kit has strangely apocalyptic warnings.
I found a chunk of strawberry and a flat piece
One of the few remaining historical landmarks in my tiny ass town.
Gorilla face on the ocean floor 79°39'31"N 5°29'00"E
My dogs spooning
Found a Pringles can in a school toilet.
Selfdriving bus stop in Finland
The French word for chopstick is baguette.
Judgemental duck
The clouds just end at a certain spot.
Fully depleted pen I had after writing with it for a month. Haven’t kept a pen this long.
My elementary school keeps up class pictures dating back to 1910..this class is a century old
I got the March 10th known as MARIO milk for the 1 looks like I, making the expiration date appear as MARIO
My water filter for my pitcher fits perfectly on my water bottle
These states are grouped to each be 1/4 of the land area of the USA. The first group is just Alaska and Texas.
Dirt sticks to sweat
A cigarette fits perfectly into the stem of my pipe for some reason
These graaapes from the grocery store
Was looking for restaurants while I visited Canada, and this delicious looking place showed up. 10/10 recommend.
A paw within a paw
This half brick of some kind I found looks familiar to Minecraft players...
This fork, rock on
This bread that kinda looks like Mickey Mouse.
Chair For People Who Love To Sit Cross Legged
A spine and no other body part nearby
My Sandwich icecream had a small extra pice attached to it.
Another walmart, more road hazards
I’m glad to see someone else appreciates Mountain Dew as I do.
These books holding up a book shelf
The prices are about half of other vending machines
The wax rings around my candle’s glass that show how long I left it lit each time
Who knew reddit was a word in Latin?
Couldn’t help but spread the ear worm!
I'm guna grooooow... East. No, west. Wait no, south... Maybe north? Yea, definiteley north...
Because of a glitch my phone has when I share my connection, my screen is cut and the Reddit Logo look like a mischievous demon now.
Dog riding a horse
Sign now posted on the (inside of) doors of bathroom stalls at the office
I have two very different eyes.
These empty Purell boxes at my local bus station (Canada)
I have to very different eyes.
Mini brands vs normal size brands
But it's still ok to Reddit while on the can, right?
Water on garage floor left a negative space heart.
i like how they kept air conditioning in our cloths, whats next? flying cars?
This bath bomb reaction
Voting while in Coronavirus quarantine
Appropriate use of googly eyes
this cactus looks like thanos
I overwintered my figs in my basement this year and they decided to fruit in complete darkness. I present to you, the ghost fig.
Laminar flow of 70% ethanol in my lab today
This water fountain has a fountain for pets
The company that made my chips uses 600 solar panels to produce 272000 bags of chips per year
If each star on the US Flag represented a state geographically.
This Reuleaux triangle shaped cover at my school.
The layers of this grease container after a few years
This wierd pattern appears when I press the glass of my broken calculator
This odd orange I found
Giant 13’ tall mounds of broken glass outside of a glass manufacturer
My onion with a second skin
My onion had two skins
Our county has voting stickers in five languages, including two local indigenous languages...
This frame picture of the evolution of the telephone ending in 1965 I found at a thrift store.
Headset broke, so we twisted some rope around the wire to make our own
The way this puddle of water ripples due to ship's vibrations
These utensils are made with recycled avocado pits.
Someone wrote 65mph on the back of their truck so people behind them would know their max speed.
These forgotten spuds that decided to sprout.
Thoughts on my painting? (They said it was scary and looked like something out of midsommer bc of its simplicity)
I just got two fruit by the foots in the package
This sign explaining why the street name changed.
Poured this cup of coffee, I stared at the cup for a minute in disbelief it didn't overflow.
Attention Walmart Shoppers: Milk that never expires
A sign above the basement door at work. This wing was built in 1951.
This bag of potato chips can’t be sold in California for some reason.
These chairs came in stackable boxes.
Frozen cranberry
Three rainbows intersecting but not overlapping.
This dollop of icing I found on my cereal.
This to-go box is missing the T
This Cloud looking like a Waterturtel
Straw at a restaurant I’m at is made from plants
Straw at a restaurant I’m at has straws made from plants
The big wheel of our dreams.
My food container has capacity written in braille
A surreal tree just barely suspended.
Tree shadows from the 2017 eclipse
I was the 1,400th upvoter on this post
Triangle of Condensation
A twig from one of my oak trees had particularly bad galls
My cat’s eyes look like eyes of Endor
Triangle of Condesation
This knob in the office building I work at
This shell that's caught in the opening of a larger shell
This whisk left a perfect imprint in the froth
NYC pigeon with a mohawk
I knocked my drink over while working out and recreated the the language from Arrival.
Tylenol ad from 1985 National Geographic Journal
This hotel gives you a free drink for declining room service
This 3kg Nutella bucket I saw at the candy store today in Sorocaba BR
The mirror in this public restroom is the paper towel dispenser
Why. Just why.
My sister cracked the perfect nut (2.0 cause mods gay)
My husband's socks look like an old man
This elevator/building has a 13th floor.
The testicle of a German shepherd
A normal light bulb vs the cfl light my dad bought
I totally thought for a second that Austin Powers was weighing in on what the 2020 Democrats have to gain from Super Tuesday
Thank me later.
This bait and liquor shop is relying heavily on brand recognition.
This bait &amp; liquor shop is relying heavily on brand recognition.
My energy drink can collection
I was watching EmKay (a reddit youtuber) and got an ad that was a reddit video
The placement of the bolt on this sign
Just Cuban Herb
On my Trader Joe’s Spanish olive oil bottle the brand is listed as “Trader José’s”
After 240 days of fires in Australia, all are now put out (New South Wales)
My wife bought my clear hot sauce.
This kid brought a bowl of cereal and milk to school (not the girl in the picture)
The difference direct sunlight makes. South-facing vs north-facing front yards on my street
This train station puts up a different quote each day.
Handshakes alternatives due coronavirus
A car was lifted into an apartment building in Nashville last night from the tornados
Thank me later.
My Cat has a Single White Whisker
This cafe serves a 'Nutella Latte' in the original container if there's only enough left for one serving. (Of course they ask beforehand if you want it in the bottle or regular cup. Yum melted plastic)
Left a frosty in the freezer overnight
The toilet paper dispenser at this bathroom is installed sideways
This police car.
Apparently you get more ports on your TP-link switch when you are Spanish
Apparently you get more ports on your TP-link switch when you are Spanish
I found the “finally” meme format picture on a random banner at my school
my 3rd grade teacher found my earpods i lost 7 years ago in 3rd grade
This restaurant has super old coffee machines
This box of matches glued with the inside out
The way the pollen collected in each water droplet after it rained.
The way UV glasses filter UV light
A low effort swastika my falling hair made
This *enormous* Mapleleaf! (With adult size Sunglasses and 2.5kg(6lb) Maltese for Scale!
The Shadow on my brother's glass lines up perfectly with the coaster.
Despite the news saying the majority are cancelling their airline travel due to CrazyVirus, my 9:30am 3/3/2020 flight is overbooked
This leaf trapped in ice on a lake
My first Trine 2 save from 2013, Apparently the game can't count past 999 days.
My new Jeans came with a fortune
My local car repair shop had Nemo, Marlin, and Dory... just keep swimming.
I found an item at BAM that accidentally wasn't painted
My local car repair shop had Nemo, Marlin, and Dory... just keep swimming.
My local car repair shop had Nemo, Marlin, and Dory... just keep swimming.
My local car repair shop had Nemo, Marlin, and Dory... just keep swimming.
The bubbles in this syrup bottle are hexagonally arranged
Graphene aerogol, the lightest solid material created
My scar from a compound fracture when I was 15. On both sides.
Gf noticed my resemblance to these paintings
This cloud that almost looks like Asia and Australia. Taken back in 2014.
Hello Corona.
Lego note to parents in the 70's
Hello Corona.
Chanel masks to protect against CoronaVirus.
What the humble CD jewel case could hold today (partial photoshop).
A cockroach pooped on my wall.
This dog's reflection looks like a dinosaur
Scientists made Atomik, a bottle of vodka produced using grain from Chernobyl. There's only this one bottle in existence.
Chicago Sun Tribune Nov 14, 1937
the way the shadow of my blinds align with the stripes of my cat’s tail
Got a double yolk
The hotel I'm at gives out mini hot sauces and ketchups for breakfast.
The hotel I'm at gives out mini hot sauces and ketchups for breakfast.
I found this tree with a square hole in it
Thank me later.
26 days ago I made fun of someone on Reddit who lost the tip of their finger (link in comments). 2 weeks later I lose the tip of my own finger. [GRAPHIC]
It's the Grape Pumpkin Charlie Brown! We found this interestingly shaped grape yesterday.
I boiled chick twins apparently
My app usage shows reddit on top, I watch a lot of YouTube videos. This was a surprise
26 days ago I made fun of someone on Reddit who lost the tip of their finger (link in comments). 2 weeks later, I lose the tip of my own finger. [GRAPHIC]
This outline in the sky looks like a sword
My bell pepper has a bell pepper inside
How this drawer opens sideways
A lion pride's dining room in a chalk mine in Soysambu, Kenya
This red liquid in the seats of the bus
Sinks at work are insinkerators
75 years of continuous service in one image.
Stairs in Kuala Lumpur metro station show how many calories you burn by taking the stairs instead of escalator
Salt residue grew a heart in my beaker overnight
Stairs in Kuala Lumpur metro station show how many calories you burn by taking the stairs instead of escalator
This straight banana
This clothespin table
This double-page spread about the International Space Station, in a book from 1999
I had to take £160 out of an ATM today, and I happened to get 8 new £20 notes with perfectly sequential serial numbers.
I found this laptop stuck behind a railing at the from door of Chelsea library. Have no idea how it got there but ok
I found this laptop stuck behind a railing at the from door of Chelsea library. Have no idea how it got there but ok
A balancing coffee spoon
A balancing coffee spoon
This tree eating the fence
This month, I was blessed with Mario Milk. I'm sure it's a sign of luck.
Hello! I’m the wife who dropped the keys down the storm drain! This picture should provide some clarity re: the storm drain questions @stinkskink is getting on his post!
this is an apple i bougth and only notaced it was half red half green
Balancing act!
I put a gummy bear in water over night and dAYM SHE THIQUE
The kilometers on this car
this arrangement of bottles in a local pub
The bathtub at my hotel
All the breads are this shape
Gauss lines of a MRI
Coronavirus, step by step user manual brought to you by Reddit !
Impressions on the back of my hand look like tiny person footprints
Impressions on the back of my hand look like tiny person footprints
Totally Gay Plates - u/driedkitten this is fate
Available for lent.
My record player’s button with a typo (or mistake)
This sign at a restroom. Uh how do I make this title? Uh... Sign of a man... going to a toilet? Does that work?
My home classroom for online teaching in Shanghai. All schools online until further notice.
The way this cars tire resembles the camera's lens
Clouds have been sliced apart, presumably by an aircraft. (OC) London, UK
my wife accidentally dropped our keys in a storm drain so i pried up the manhole cover, took off my flip flops so i wouldn’t lose them, and retrieved the keys.
My college gave some real instructions
How the easily accessible priority seats are designed on trains in Scotland.
My ice cream sandwich has a comic strip on it.
My ice cream sandwich has a comic strip on it.
My ice cream sandwich has a comic strip on it.
This elongated krave i found
The stairs leading to my old elementary school. Each step encourages you in one of the languages spoken in the city.
Blind cowboy commutes on a hover board.
What happened when I adjusted to iso on my camera
I found the cure for Coronavirus.
This cup look like a painting of someone with his kid on a landscape
My breakfast burrito had part of an extra burrito in the wrapper
The central heterochromia in my eye
My sister cracked the perfect walnut
The fog we got this morning
An Optimus Prime statue in the waiting room at my doctors office
Giant cornflake box I saw at work
Public lift has braille script
Picture of a cow with a mark shaped like a dog head
These perfect snowflakes
an A380 coming into land at Heathrow Airport
Interesting how a plane’s vapour trail has sliced the clouds apart. (OC) London. (PS by coincidence taken at same time as the earlier sun dog pic.)
The difference between used and unused pages in my sketchbook
Asterix and obelix with the future sight
This sign at my University with the number for the library police.
🤔
Release the QUACKEN
got the same time as my opponent and won
Good morning, I am new to you on the Reddit platform. I hope that your life will always be bright
This local pet crematorium company has a beautifully morbid number plate.
Here’s a picture I took of the moon at 25kmm
My poptarts are wrapped in red.
This floating neighborhood I stumbled across in Amsterdam
This photo from a hostage situation in the Philippines vs. MCU's elevator scene
The Israeli coastline
My business idea
The way these windows are cleaned
The most original place on the planet
Mom discovered a new way to hang wall art, under the tv
This hotel offers you to contact reception on whatsapp
Ant-Man and the wasp making scene
My grandma has a mirror in her kitchen that's meant to look like a window.
this dog in the coffee
This Dolly Pinball machine at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
The moon 1:40 pm Noon
My ice cream sandwich has a meme on it.
From dusk to smile
This Sour Patch kid looks like Brian Griffin.
Snow covered net roof of the aviary in the zoo. [OC]
A piece of my lunula decided to slide off my nail
The bike racks in this local brewery.
this australian $2 celebrating the womens T20 Cricket World Cup. detail is awesome
The tomato part fell out of my tomato
Sliced my finger open on Christmas Day. Only noticed now that I can see how far my nail as grown thanks to the scarring (sorry for poor image quality, I don’t have great lighting)
i built a miniature audience out of ads I got in the mail
The wear on the bathroom floor shows the distribution of use (first person takes the one closest to the door, second person takes the one the furthest from the first person)
I was eating a pack of jelly babies and found these 2
Laser etch under a microscope
Hail caused this damage.
This cow in my friend’s pint glass
This ball made of honey which you can drop in you tea.
Voting in Israel yesterday for those in a coronavirus quarantine
Grape had a flower-like mark at the tip
Cool bike in a cellar
The way my windscreen iced up this morning.
Weird little bug I found on my chook pen
Only one of the planks on our gardentable froze
The heart on the bottom of this kombucha bottle
the way the ice froze on my cars roof!
Faucet at the mall
I put my ruler down on it’s side
This splash that looks like a penis
From a math book (yes I read about math for fun) titled Things to Make and Do in the Fourth Dimension
These dads cookies were originally packaged together when purchased from a cookie warehouse and weigh 18 pounds total
On a snowy downtown Denver night in front of a pub, I found where someone decided to take a different path on the lightly dusted sidewalk.
I know these things aren’t 100% accurate, but does anyone have any idea what this rhythm is called?
Did you know that if you navigate to reddit.com/reddit.com it doesn't give you an error page like you'd think? No, it just goes to a seemingly random page made about an hour ago.
Japan's unique problems
The pattern droplets make in my coffee maker.
This rose quartz in Field Museum’s gem exhibit shows it’s source as being from the USSR.
My husband’s nipple hair looks like Donald Trump
Got bored at work. Decided to play with physics.
The overhead light hit the lid in such a way that it shone a smiley face onto my wall
This Fire
My local supermarket forgot to put X’s on their freshly made hot cross buns
I can't stop watching...
Levitating Noodle Bowl in Japan
Puzzle shaped like cheeseburger
I was unsure where to post this, but I had to share. Lol.
This cheat sheet I made for a test that consisted of an entire semester of information (materials class). Fun fact my water bottle opened all over it in my backpack.
A shirt hanged on the window looks like a spy in the window
This sticker a kid put on my watch compared to my profile pick
COVID-19’s impact on the production of air pollution in China
This onion I bought from the store is sprouting
the way my coffee made a perfect little yin yang symbol
these 2 song covers complete each other.
these 2 song covers complete each other.
Stairs at my previous elementary school.
Stairs at my previous elementary school.
My English book supports the idea that video games does not cause violence
Walmart has floor cleaners that drive themselves around the store. The future is now.
This ramen is suitable for men, women, and children
I got this self contained ecosystem recently. The algae provides oxygen which sustains the shrimp which produce co2 which sustains the algae. It’s a little more complicated than that but I won’t bore you here
Toast shaped coasters and sticky note butter (visiting grandma, she's got a sense of humor still)
The cord on my waterpik made a star
This Kit-Kat
Care instructions that came with my recent t-shirt purchase.
An Optimus Prime statue in the waiting room to my doctors office
These massive and mutated lemons from my tree
Old unopened mayonnaise
The example "voter signature certificate" in my training packet for the upcoming PNP (Presidential Nomination Primary) election is signed by Harry Potter
Sprayer with a smiley face for the shower option
Two random backgrounds of mine match to form one!
This fortune cookie teaches you how to say certain words in Chinese
Rubber spider duck
This Asian lady in my parfait...
A Pear Flavored Jelly Belly in the Shape of a Pear
Even though we never said it directly, Apple’s ai can detect it
I have two questions going into tomorrow. Will Biden surpass Sanders and who TF is betting on Obama?
I hit my left thumb in just a spot that my nail is growing out with a divot in it. Right thumb for comparison.
The sensors in the Wii sensor bar only show up on camera.
Came across this today, A street library
Ice hedgehog
Found this ventilation piping system at work, which kind of looks like a fish?
These chocolates look like Nespresso pods
A chicken urn which is roughly the size of an egg.
the amount of reviews of this scary movie
My milk expires on the 30th.
the restroom men and women’s bodies are shaped like arrows
Hat that says "Pluto" but has a picture of Goofy.
This Universal washroom has a push button on the wall to lock the door.
I found this sign beside an old petrol station, of no relevance to anything, in Port Kembla, Australia
Bounty Paper Towels have a pretty cool design when colored in
The partly snapped pencil
The partly snapped pencil
The partly snapped
One side of my Oreo cookie was upside down
I love the way the dish soap stays separate
Two of the bones from the ribs I made were fused together
This poor chicken.
This wet floor sign that looks like a banana peel.
This poor chicken.
This poor chicken.
Found in museum, looks like Yoda.
This Cedar tree looks like flame after it got broken.
my reese’s came with three wrappers
Found a thong on a stick with a note that said “free” while hiking in Maine
I always think it looks like a happy skull
How a calico cat looks with the "negative" filter set (disregard all the boxes, we are moving lol).
My chicken looked like a whale
This fanta in a Coca Cola bottle!
This pretzel chip looks like an angry domino mask
Did you know that a chicken could be cremated? No? Well here’s what a chicken urn looks like.
Beyblade on the roof of my classroom
My shirt warns me not to use it for navigation
The puzzle I purchased is completely blank
The puzzle I purchased is completely blank
This beer company giveaway features real taxidermied frogs
This size inclusive male mannequin
Bought this hat at disneyworld almost 24 years ago and just now realized...
The shadow of my jacket trown in the corner kinda looks like the the profile of some guy.
McDonald's used to charge less for their food if you chose takeaway instead of dining in
I found a sourpatch kid on my fuzzy peach
Picture looking down a drinking straw
The best beer...
The wet floor signs at my school
Free-masonry master mason doctrine I found as a kid, From 1919
My cat has a dragon in his fur
My lollipop had a hand
Heart cut out middle of cactus in Big Bend National Park in Texas
tonight’s dinner entertainment
These Pennies I got as change are in Mint Condition (All 2020)
Imagine cesarean patients
My thumbs look like big toes.
This book was written in 1981. The Simpson's aren't the only ones great at predictions.
How a tattoo getting lasered looks like
this mark on my wooden desk looks like a distorted face
Someone paid with these at work today.
Off Brand Pocketwatch uses wrong Roman numeral for IV.
Just thought this m&amp;m was cool
The sound of the magnets connecting to the steel balls
This speed limit
This speed limit
The snow line in my front yard.
Found this in a small bar in the midwest
These baby face cookies.
Pen ran out of ink on the word 'insolvency'. (Definition to the left)
So my banana has a 2 on it.
I spotted ET in a floor plank in Virginia City, NV restaurant
i played pyramid solitaire with giant playing cards
Dishwasher started melting itself
We lost our sweet golden retriever Maddie today after 11.5 wonderful years. She was the absolute best.
today i accidentally clicked on an article published exactly nine years ago
Plantception in a succulent
Interesting ice shape
The way the string was on this tank top
I cut my pork into an icosidodecahedron
This pac man in bottle caps in a KC bar
This pistachio that has a double shell
Found an ice stalagmite coming up towards my gutter drain
In my “Great Value” plastic wrap there was a piece of paper towards the end of the roll that reminds me to put it on my grocery list again.
SF Bay Costco has been sold out of all paper good for 3 days
This lizard I found had no tail.
mountain dew put voltage in a green bottle
My boyfriend dropped his septum ring as he was changing it, and it landed like this in my jeans
This Jellybean looks like an organ
What year is it ?
This cow followed alongside my car for a while while I was driving
Graceful decay
The indentation for the sauce container in this takeout box
This penny was trapped in the washing machine, for presumably a year.
This classic mustang with a mini replica of itself on display.
This packet of Sweet Chili &amp; Lime crunchy roasted crickets I bought today!
My friend sent me this pic of his combined Post-its
This straight line of bubbles from my champagne
(L) old A/C filter, (R) new A/C filter.
I made a huge identical (3ft tall) fully functional JUUL
A classic case of: "can I copy your homework? Yes just change it up a bit"
This message on the inside cover of a D.H. Lawrence book of poetry I bought in a second hand shop.
This message on the inside cover of a D.H. Lawrence book of poetry I bought in a second hand shop.
The local electric company sponsors the eel exhibit at the aquarium
This isn’t even that cool I just like it
Cross seas!
This patch of grass in sand looks like a bird
I froze some bananas to make a smoothie and they turned black.
Hotdogs in Mexico come with a condom.
This bathroom stall at my university has both a toilet and urinal in it
they had to draw 4
These cars are the same model and have the same accident damage
The tiny West Virginia (a US state) on my can of Canada Dry.
The way Reddit glitched
These matchboxes made to look like popular literature.
A branch going trough a tree
this sign that was backstage at a venue i played in france
The rigatoni stood up and grouped together when I was cooking it
The way these snowdrifts line up with the concrete steps
Found this at the park
Amazon delivering packages in minivan
This elevator button is worn out only where people usually press it
The way these tiles on a fast food floor look like translucent black stripes overlaid on white ones
My moms favorite childhood toy with wear and tear from 44 years of love vs an almost mint condition version of the same toy I found online.
Airport departure board with emojis
Found in front of a pub downtown Denver
My SO tshirt has a photo of a drone and some info.
The optical illusion that this shirt creates
I took a picture of the odometer at an fun milestone.
This Gatorade bottle that contains 775 soda caps in it.
This trump hating truck
This jacket shows you what it's made with
The doors to these coolers are monitors.
So the Twitter algorithm apparently thought a pic of Mideast violence was related to a pic of the sunrise through the rain at a US college baseball stadium.
I found an ATM where you can plug your headphones, at least in my country they are not common
When you unintentionally answer your own and someone else's question simultaneously
This dew on an hummvve hood
Left the room with water in bathtub running and came back to this.
The cup is full, but it’s still floating.
This cute pocket
HP is using other people's trademarks as model names
Clouds look like rising smoke
The box for this measuring tape gives you your first 10 cm free
How this moist forms on this hummvee hood
This oddly specific speed limit sign.
This pattern made when mixing “adjusted complementary” colors for oil painting.
Doritos, caption this.
We did it! Dallas' leaning tower finally takes the plunge!
This helicopter just chillin in the yard.
This dead tree in someone’s garden which has been painted orange.
This highly improbable shuffleboard shot
This screw is bent
This key with holes instead of traditional grooves
This key with holes instead of traditional grooves
My mandarin has another little mandarin in it
I always hear how many people have died and are dying from corona but I had no idea more than half are recovered ?? Only about 3% have died. Wish media would spread more hopeful news!
The way this icicle bifurcates
Lizard shoots blood out of its eye
How the sand on the beach looked because the rocks were protecting the sand behind it from the wind
My dog looks superimposed
Found this on a walk
You could order a live monkey by mail in the 60's.
Blue roses I got at a funeral gome
You could order a live monkey by mail in the 60's.
Tip of a missile we’ve had laying around for a while now
Found some double Nilla Wafers.
This flat piece of popcorn i found.
A customer just came in and paid with all 50 cent pieces like it was nothing out of the ordinary. For those out of the US, the 50 cent piece is almost never seen, especially 10 dollars worth.
Calm down satan
A picture of a hummingbird nesting in an orange tree.
Mixing two different dish soap densities.
Hand Sanitizer Dispenser at Hampton Inn
But why though?
The amount of veins on this skull
My ice cream smiling at me :)
My ice cream smiling at me :)
Ahh yes Kranch
My ice cream smiled at me :)
The Montreal airport has stationary bikes you can ride to charge your phone.
Just opened a dry wet wipe. Wet one for comparison
The limit DNE speed limit sign in my neighborhood
How these drops of mocha syrup stack up.
A brick roof tile fall from 4 stories tall building and very very slightly damaged my parked car
My potato looks like a lemon
There’s a straight line of clouds behind the mountains
Back side of The Alamo
An old cannon angled towards the road.
Who knew Billy Crystal wrote Midsummer Night’s Dream in the 19th century!?
This receipt, where I scored exactly $9.99
The silhouette of a heart-shaped lock left by dust on my desk.
Would you visit this dentist?
Invisible ankles
This Wendy's spoon that that has some texture in it
This Wendy's spoon that that has some texture in it
This McDonald's that seems like a knock off
These new hourglass traffic light designs about to go live
This time lapse I took of flying past Mt St Helens yesterday
The service centre gave my steering wheel a shower cap
The way the bubbles lined up in this cola
This ceiling fan in a house that suffered major water damage and neglect.
The university library in my city has an "EnergyPod", a little chair with a cocoon that you can lie in, listen to some soothing noise and take a short nap or just relax. When finished you should be fresh and able to concentrate better again.
Pepper inside a pepper?
The way this chocolate melted
This flooring makes the train floor look like a sleeping cat.
This quarter I received in a roll of quarters I got from the bank
Light text on the condominium
My onion had a second skin inside it today
My arranged cereal, everybody.
Misspelled street sign
A woman came into my restaurant with a bag that had the exact same fabric as our chair seats.
The way this ice settled after a storm
My crystal deodorant has cracked and looks like a penis
For when the regular ear plugs are just too manly
This potato that looks like a heart
Double cookie
This big ass fan at the restaurant I was eating labeled “big ass fan”
When you say ‘Brian’ you’re basically saying ‘brain’ in an Australian accent.
Muff Liquor.
My Bic lighter wasn’t white underneath the plastic.
Clever usage of 7 segment displays.
Sun light separated to different colors. My home.
This balloon I got for my birthday 16 days ago is leaking helium and sitting lower down
You can check when you joined
Found a mini version of my pot
Blue chicken eggs
My biggest hen lays xs eggs and my little hens lay xL eggs
One of my eggs had a nearly white yolk.
The saddest claw machine I have ever seen.
Pound coin without the centre circle I found
Gaming 20,000 feet in the air
heart warming
Which way does this visitors entrance gate swing? Bear in mind the residents gate feet away to right says GATE SWINGS OUT on it.
Weird alien face from lighting in my mug
I dropped water and it made a skull (left) and a ghost (right)
found this shells that are fused together in the open area range
World's shortest CVS receipt
This Gin miniature has a little top hat to match the brand.
Young man Mosaic in Ascoli Piceno Italy. Flip it over and it's an old man.
This man’s socks match the floor, making him seem invisible
Dragon scale ice
Me, an Icelander, can understand my Norwegian friend enough for simple conversation
This bottle at my local grocery store didn't get shrink wrapped
This misleading recycling bin from Costa Rica
My grandmother send me a picture of a heart shaped potato she found.
Rock formation that looks like a Chimps head
My chicken strip I got from the hospital looks like a brain
Wife stumbled upon red pepper-ception
I used up an entire lipstick without losing it.
Time to turn the furnace up? Or Down?
Penny stuck in my washing; now a mirror-finish Lincoln relief.
Greek refugees escaping the Nazis welcomed by Syrians in Syria (1942)
An armored truck parked across the handicapped spaces, picking up the take from a doctor’s office
Ah yes this is interesting
Someone made this at my schools library
I found a blueberry pi(e) in my carton
1980s toilet paper holder has a built-in ashtray
My friends(u/owene915) book had this weird page that was different then all the other ones.
You can see the NFC antenna in my clear credit card.
Face looking out from under this truck.
A painting reflected on glass and a tree outside lined up with it so that it looked like a whole new painting
This splash of water on the ground that looks like a dragon in flight.
A pair of conjoined grapes
Joseph Enouy’s 8-cylinder, 48-shot percussion revolver
In Iowa, we have wind farms, in addition to our corn.
The way it all lines up
you can see the lincoln memorial inside of a penny.
My browser UI sometimes “jiggles” and it looks like the Reddit man is dancing
This machine just charges your phone for free in a personal pin-protected locker at my local casino. I wish they were available in all major establishments (airports).
This slightly curved/twisted banana. Serena Williams for scale
This hilariously small SD card found in my parents basement
This deer appeared right next to a sign warning about deer
My pen ran out :)
Sometimes vatos don't know how to spell...
I usually don't have any rainbows in the place where i live. But it seems like today was a special day.
Weight belt I bought in high school (around 1986) shows how my waist has gotten bigger over the years.
The seats that are shining from the lights in my school auditorium
This device used in gardening.
This photo i took looks like an oil painting
Probably a once-in-a-lifetime shadow puppet I made by holding a pair of binoculars during a solar eclipse.
these very narrow windows.
these very narrow windows.
these very narrow windows.
these very narrow windows.
"Fuck it, close enough" - N.C. D.O.T
electron microscope discovers sperm orgy on egg
This grew out of a potato that was left to long
All the old games my folks had in the loft.
This nearly full circle rainbow perfectly around the sun seen during skiing
My receipt is the only one that didnt print
About 290 days ago I started my phone's timer because I wanted to know how much time I spent studying that day. Apparently I forgot to turn it off.
I found these valet instructions for how to park a Prius from 2004 in my center console today.
My flowing sand(?) dish looks like a swan
Rare phenomenon called Snow Rollers happened overnight in Vegreville, Alberta, Canada. High winds and wet snow produced snowballs all over town.
I successfully balanced a half full beer can on top of a Hostess Ding-Dong that was stacked on a Hostess Cupcake.
The fridge in my airbnb in Vietnam has a little door if you just want to access your drinks
This head of garlic only had one rotten clove
My milk expires on MARIO.
National Geography ?
The sun from behind this foam rock wall movie set makes the orange adhesive look like glowing ore!
This double-sheet paper towel roll
Found it at Chicago's C2E2
Theres a whole cookie in my Cookies and Cream
Found it at Chicago's C2E2
Winter is over. Our neighborhood tortoise awoke from hibernation this am looking groggy.
This Pi watch that highlights the numbers where the hour should be
The frost on my car’s roof this morning
This tower outside my window.
Just a fine example of Romanian electricity wiring.....and it's making me nervous....
My shoes are the same colour as the new floors at work.
The way the water froze on these branches
If you’ve ever wondered what the inside of a bathroom stall door looks like
When Waifus get fat
A triple bourbon.
This zebra (named Tira) born with spots (photo credit to hassdaneini on Instagram)
my dog has a heart on her nose
This zebra (named Tira) bien with spots! (Photo credit to hassaneini on Instagram
The number of ok’s in a group chat
This Lemarchand's box (from Hellraiser) I laser cut.
One drop of water fell from my hydro flask onto this table
My kid poured (with my supervision) water into a candle after it went out. The wax made some pretty cool patterns.
This piece of coral is shaped like the head of a dragon
A 4 story tall CVS in New Orleans
The way my pasta arranged itself in the strainer
Adolf Hitler St. in Jalisco, Mexico.
The F4 key on my new keyboard provides snacks.
Our recycling guys like to have fun with our bin.
The only acceptable baby shower game, Love or Labor.
Giving the reply a downvote to equalize the comments upvotes
Giving the reply a downvote to equalize the comments upvotes
The bottom of this beer mug
This snowpile outside my office looks like a miniature-mountain
You can see oil from my pores through the medical tape
Tutankhamun Was Buried in Not One but THREE Golden Sarcophagi
Ludwig Trepte (Deutschland 86) is a younger Thomas Sadoski (Newsroom)
I got two double yolks
Different emotions drawn using only one kind of straight and arched line
Spigot drip made upside-down icicle
This can has a step by step guide to turn their ringpull into a fishing hook in case you lose your real one while fishing
2048
Before and after I watered my plant (6hours in between)
The pattern these overlapping meshes make
I have one too!
I have one too!
Flash flood happening in Vereeniging South Africa. Forklift drivers don’t even care.
This catering company "Semen" in Turkey
There is noticeably more rust on the radiator beneath the drier closer to the sinks in my university bathrooms
Scribbles almost makes a perfect circle when she sleeps.
latest satellite images showing a large drop in Chinese pollution following quarantine measures
Snow tubes formed around my clotheslines
Ever heard of Shoepeg corn
The Google stopwatch function maxes out at 99h 59m 59.41s
My cup from Kung Fu Tea has a ninja recycling the cup
Found this at my school
Why this happens?
My wiener stick can toast a dog and bun at the same time.
This USB cable that will always plug in the right way
The tail lights on this Jeep are sea turtles
An interesting title
my nostalgia room with 1500+ old books and a 2000s retro tv &amp; radio
Hitler Street
This toilet at the train station has it flesh button like a paddle
my nostalgia room filled with my old stuffs and a 2000s tv&amp;speaker
These Siamese gummy bears.
One of my tile samples came wrapped like a gift, complete with a handwritten card
Little cloud turned into part of a rainbow, rest of sky was normal. (OC) London, UK
Decided to look outside the window, saw this satisfying light pattern
Walking down 2nd in Jersey City and came upon this.
The way this tree grew upside down after the ledge it sprouted on eroded.
My Funko Pops have been in the sun for too long and have desaturated the printer ink.
Found some heart shapes in my Cheerios.
The shadows made from these houses left snow on the ground, leaving a striped pattern on the road.
These colors in between the white lines
Visited Puerto Rico for the first time and saw these crazy plants everywhere that close when you touch them!
An "exploded bridge" made of eucalyptus wood in South Africa
The “B” appliqué fell off my pants, now they’re just “ass”
found somewhere in Sydney, where giraffes are an increasingly frustrating household problem
My cat has different coloured eyebrows: white on one side of his face, and black on the other side.
this old glue stick from about 2nd to 3rd grade turning black
This warning on the sidewalk in front of the Sedlec ossuary in the Czech Republic.(oc)
This smaller door inside of an bigger door
The Calendar of 1964 can be reused in 2020, the dates are the exact same. (after 56 years).
I finally know what number lock does
Laundry mark from BMT, 8/03
Coffee brand that was recently featured on r/CrappyDesign subtly changed it's logo
The way the paper started to come out not sure how it happened I just looked up after I cleared my screen and saw this
My lunchable gave me two Kool-Aid packets
Huge reflection on ocean from chopper window safety diagram.
The reflection of my door doesn’t show the horizontal bars
this head i carved out of gingerbread
this head i carved out of gingerbread [OC]
My nephew found a horse shoe ice mold during our hike yesterday.
This chilipeanut that kinda looks ikke a ninjaturtle
About 290 days ago i started my phone's timer because I wanted to know how much time I spent studying. Apparently I forgot to stop the timer.
This licensed Coca Cola bottle I got from Galaxys Edge, Hollywood Studios, Florida USA
Found this in my basement -- over 30 years old now. The program on it (and associated hardware) could be done on a phone app or an Arduino now.
Can hot springs even be hot enough to make you feel THAT comfortable ? I guess japanese Onsen can !
My toothbrush has a second set of bristles to clean properly between the teeth
Frost showing the movement of car shadows this morning
Frost showing the movement of car shadows this morning
Frost showing the movement of car shadows this morning
So I had some drivin lessons today and the number on the car's mileage meter is pretty neat
Evil mushroom in my TomYum soup
Waiting for the set to begin for Spanish Love Songs, caught some lovers kissing on the right side of the crowd, kinda cute.
When contrails made by planes form a cloud plane
When contrails made by planes form a cloud train
This ladder lift for moving
This Krone (crown) trailer has brake lights shaped like crowns (and yes, vehicles were stationary).
Concert jesus in the pit with me during a streetlight manifesto set
My milkshake had 2 straws
This frog that lives in my fence.
Tesla Cybertruck on the streets of Kyiv, Ukraine
The plant on my desk has only one leaf with a different shape.
The pattern on this century egg
A double yolker we in my breakfast but with one big and one small
This gigantic tater
My fox is trapped under a layer of ice
This tile that lets you know if you’ll be hit by the opening door.
My cats food is heart shaped
There is a Ferris Wheel in this Ski Area in Hokkaido, Japan.
Earn Brave crypto currencies just by seeing ads on internet with Brave browser ( huge potential going to increase soon)
A not awful r/policticalhumor post
The Cornea that peeled off my Hand formed a heart.
This coin from the Paris Catacombs
జాగ్రత్త : వరుసగా 6 రోజులు బ్యాంక్ సెలవులు | Bank Holidays In March 2020 | Braking News
This coin you can get at the Paris Catscombs
Can hot springs even be hot enough to make you feel THAT comfortable ? I guess japanese Onsen can ! ~ https://www.instagram.com/p/B9M-Hp0KaEV/
This long cocktail frank
Found a bunch of canisters In a box out in the woods filled with black goop
This accidental long-exposure photo of my Christmas lights
This restaurant gives you a discount if you have well behaved kids
This elevator has buttons you can press with your feet if your hands are full
A gun that was found underwater by my Dad in Albenga, Italy
Migingo Island in Africa. A tiny town on a rock in the ocean.
Unfair Advantage
Found a travel brochure from the World Trade Center while cleaning out my house
Salt under a microscope!
Why fawns have spots
My pizza box has cardboard coupons on it - great way of recycling
My orange gave birth
This staircase at the middle school near me
I dont know a title but I can't bend my right thumb!
All of the toilet paper is sold out at every local grocery store due to the coronavirus scare.
Milk of magnesia coating pattern on measuring spoon after five hours
The simmetry of this dashboard
The simmetry of this dashboard
A past reader accidentally ripped a part of the page out and left the missing piece in the book
Street musicians performing without amplifiers. If you want to hear their music you have to wear headphones.
The scale of the universe
This frog that lives in my fence.
I mapped out the Sans battle in Undertale to help myself know when to heal and what the next move is.
How compressed this shag got after having a table on it.
Svalbard Ice Caves
Iv been on reddit 1 year 1 month and 11 days 1111! And still don't know how karma works!
This L shaped Pool Table
Everybody’s planning on getting the trots from the coronavirus, all the TP is sold out!
The virus and beer have a nearly common name.
The fur around my cat's bean looks like it was stained by the bean
A road sign saying coriander fucking sucks
Auschwitz crematorium.
Hi guys, I’ve found a fantastic offer, just 13 dollars for 10 wooden toothbrushes. They are fully biodegradable. It is a great opportunity to reduce the use of plastic! If you want to check that’s the link!
These backwards clock
To make a sketch into reality is my obsession. One of my client's dream which turned into reality when it was just a simple sketch. 1.pic is his sketch, 2. pic is our 3D design, 3. pic is the real product in 925 silver
This police department in Rotterdam has it's own dock.
This mug I got at goodwill
The way the shadow of this tree casts on to this board and my house.
Euler's Disk
Someone has installed Steve Bushemi’s face onto this painting
I found Minecraft Lite on my brother’s old Ipad
This cannabis has legal levels of THC, but still more per gram than a standard dispensary edible. It can be purchased in any state, or online. The 'Beer of Cannabis'
Found this conjoined Vegemite Shapes biscuit
My sick vape projects it’s hit indicating light. Definitely prevents you having to go crossed eyed looking down at that jawn.
My last piece of cereal was very sad :(
MLM Advertisement in The Incredible Hulk Comic (1968) (first issue with wolverine)
This quarter I found
This red pepper growing inside of my red pepper.
This little, yet complete, blood orange slice.
The top shelf of shampoos were all facing backwards in Walmart
Coins pressed into the barrels of this gun.
This French bakery uses this truck to deliver the flour!
I didn't know that people can actually see things they imagine............
Soviet coin found at work from 1967
Green sand made from only recycled glass
The way this ice froze
The bathrooms at my work have a toilet roll for normal people and one for the mentally deficient.
There were 17 ravens on my street this week
A box labeled "sex ed" at a cathedral
The way my dog peed in his own footprint
Sandwich looks like Samus
The rainbow on this St Patricks day table cover
A jet cut a line through a thin cloud layer.
All the receipts from year one as a homeowner. Tax time.
My window it the perfect height so I can use it as a table!
My Wife's family took pictures on metal slides.
PC World mousepad with outdated Internet terms
Just found a box in my closet with a bunch of old or foreign currencies. Include: American silver dollars, half dollars, extremely old pennies, Mexican Pesos, Canadian dollars, a Chinese dollar, and English coins
I just sharpened my pencil using a knife. (Took about 30 minutes, my knife is very dull)
In Kuala Lumpur at night you can see the city of Genting on the mountains and it’s appears as it is floating.
A parakeet escaped today at Petco.
Hopeing this single handle plastic bag is the right amount of interesting.
All these bananas were almost exactly the same ripeness.
My onion started sprouting so I decided to see how much it would grow
This salt shaker
This mug made out of Root Beer:
This kid is streaming, let’s give him some love, we already got a dozen redditors there
This Olive Garden I'm in uses copper and steel fittings to distinguish between hot/cold water in the bathroom
This Jimmy Johns in Arkansas lets you choose your preferred toilet paper orientation
We were flipping this giant bottle and we didnt expect this.
I bought this bottle of water 20 years ago.
I bought this bottle of water 20 tears ago.
Found these old bullets on the harbor today.
a burn mark from a fallen electrical line
Got an extra piece of bacon. Butchers dozen? Is that a thing?
(OC) This Wall Decor at, "Tea and Crepes", West Springfield, MA
Accidentally made a screen capture while my phone was rotating from portrait to landscape mode.
This Map of the Philippines Looks like Marge Simpson
I can’t complain about an extra cookie
This sink set being sold is made mostly of actual rock
Ice forming on houses next to Lake Erie
Four mini wheats stuck together
Origin story of a picture that you’ve seen before (didn’t break rule 1)
This tavern brings everyone their bill in old novels.
My nectarine came with two stickers
Glucose Meter on Aliexpress cost $50k. Seems someone doesn't understand the difference between a common and a dot depending on your location.
I forgot my toothbrush, so my aunt gave me this Toddler Toothbrush.
This shadow of a pot boiling on the stove
So, I wanted to share this badass one liner I came across while playing GTA V and it is really something. "Michael de Santa" says it 3 times and each time while he is doing a robbery. So, he is trying to get away after looting the place and the guard sees him and tries to stop him and Michael goes
This picture looks like there’s the same guy 3 times but he’s older every time.
Painted a moody beach landscape before discovering it is an actual place in Iceland. It’s not exact, but pretty close considering that when it was painted, I had no idea the beach existed. Reynisfjara beach, Iceland. Photo(right) credit: Nuno Antunes
I made a face on a sequin pillowcase
2 strawberries merged to form a heart
Kind of a disturbing sign.
I was playing with my cat Ralph and one of his baby teeth came out.
There’s bubbles in my mates glue stick
These corn based chips have a corn field and tractor integrated into the barcode
All the dead trees in my yard have brown rings around them, and the alive tree has a green ring
The way the label on this pop bottle looks from inside
This dog in a sidecar
I made my controller balance
This flower kaleidoscope
A face appeared in the laundry this morning.
The dead vines on this building look like veins.
My kids were interested in a service dog at a restaurant so it's owner came over and handed them this information!
This spider got sealed to the bottle under the label. Wrong place wrong time
The carpet in my grandmothers basement looks like a skin from Doom
This picture looks like there’s the same guy 3 times but he’s older every time.
Cereal label from my hotel in China.
I'm wearing the same shirt that was featured in an earlier post
The way this tree grew.
HD compared to the original 80’s broadcast.
Met my doppelgänger (right) at a concert. Even had on the same shoes
This tree grew through the steering wheel of an abandoned car
This festival trash can was repurposed from a 55 gallon drum of soy sauce.
Salamander eggs safely stored in the bottom drain hole in my orchid pot collection.
A drain with an interesting pattern
2 (maybe 3) strawberries grown together
4-leaf Clover skeleton. Zoom in on the left pedal for maximum detail. Shot at 1:1
The expiration date on this jug of milk
The SD card adapter for my MicroSD card
How water spreads through this tablecloth.
Someone made an Easter Island head out of snow in a park near where I live.
$85,000 car? Yeah, let's creep
Not sure I’ve ever parked that long...
The way this tree fell
The way these rocks are balanced
I'm attending university in Adelaide Australia and this is in my planner... even if July is "winter" it's hardly snowman weather!
This burnt Tortilla chip. (Never seen one before, tasted aweful.)
Hand Sanitizer Prices on eBay
A macro shot of a 4-leaf clover skeleton I took. Zoom in on the left pedal for more detail, as that's where I focused more.
My son set his coat down when he walked in and it stayed standing as if someone was still wearing it.
This blobfish shaped strawberry.
Weird jelly thing I found on the beach that has lace-like markings on it if you look closely
I’ve been here the whole time...
Almost crashed into a German warship while doing a survey of the ocean floor for my degree
I went 4wheeling with a guy that looks like Phil Margera
Passed a peanut wagon today
This tiny, very tall, courtyard in central London
This deformed Dino nugget resembles a brachiosaurus
Pack of blueberries bigger than a us quarter
The very Canadian names of these chocolate-covered snacks
This deformed Dino nugget resembles a stegosaurus
The brushes were painted on to create Art
This old 750W projector bulb started to melt itself from the concentrated heat
These faces painted on paint brushes
Saw a pretty neat cloud formation when I got to work tonight.
Interesting frost formation
The way this pill magnifies the table cloth.
Reddit assumes every browser is Chrome
This puzzle piece that looks like Shrek
This Gusher that looks like a heart.
In my city around one day around 5 years ago these group of old men just randomly decided to start playing for free downtown. They play for hours non stop everyday of the week and continue the bad off donations.
I found the original Flappy Bird on my IPod 5th gen after a few years.
The mac and cheese has letters imprinted on it
My mates in a nightclub in leicester
These curved icicles formed in extreme wind conditions
This burrito shell with the expiration printed directly on it.
The new stump in my backyard kinda looks like the Millennium Falcon.
Saw a pretty cook looking cloud formation on my way to work tonight
Rectangle garlic bread :)
My Grandfather has a clock in his house that tells what day of the week it is.
This rather uniformly patterned sludge in my driveway
Kung-fu
How this ice formed
This jar of salsa has tomatoes as the top 2 ingredients
Beginning of the Rainbow
The egg on the left was hatched by a healthy female quail, the egg on the right was hatched my a quail that sustained injuries to her head, the shell is very soft as well
How much would you buy this can for? BO!
I found an eroted concrete brick (? ) on my hike this morning.
This danish is smiling at me weird
My buddy was wearing the same shirt as a woman at the bar. She left and was replaced about an hour later by another man wearing the same shirt.
Grandma’s Cookies are actually Grandna’s Cookies
This break in the ice looks like a neuron.
I opened my microwave at 0.
Walked down the aisle at Homegoods and saw this awesomeness.
One of my PB cracker sandwiches had no PB in it.
Flower bones (found in my backyard, in GA)
So my uncle gave me a very iconic looking orange.
This statue’s pp is discolored from being touched so much.
This is a fully functional arcade game that uses fake fish as controllers.
4 different urinals.
Stain on the local gym floor that looks like Australia and Tasmania
The gas pump auto stopped at 12.345 Gallons.
My husband once did a photoshoot for a character in a board game. We found the game at Emerald City Comic Con 2018.
These clovers I found with little hearts on them
this hand written label at the grocery store
This expressive leather chair in my living room
This expressive leather chair in my living room
This coin from "1397"
Back of the fridge onions that kept growing for a few months
New movie theater by my house has a piece of art that shows heroes from one angle and villains from the other.
A pot for storing eggs from my grandmother’s house!
While role-playing as Gargamel I found a gummy bear in my Smurfs.
This flat cheeto (I think)
Sunrise at Auckland this morning @ Hobsonville
Texas Longhorns standing in the right spot
My Las Vegas “coin” collection
These foreboding labels on these cigarette cartridges in duty-free store at a Mexican airport.
Our shadows kinda form an Imperial Walker
I made this image that changes depending on wether you are using dark or light mode.
costco is very big brain
I finished off my cappuccino in 5 gulps apparently
Our husky's eye looked similar to our cat painting.
I drink my cappuccino in 5 gulps apparently
There was a fly on my backup camera
This old drawing my grandpa did in the navy
A 3 tailed Strawberry
I made this image that should change depending on the wether you are in dark or light mode. Probably... maybe... You know what, it probably wont.
My cat's blind eye and my cat's working eye reflecting on a video I took with flash on.
First time in three years of retail I was paid with either - and both on the same day!
The page behind my mothers coloring.
My salt lamp grew salt!
This kfc has chair holders under the table so the workers can clean the floor easily without having to dirty the tables by putting them on top.
This enormous popcorn kernel compared to the normal sized kernels
My pointer finger is the same size as my friend’s pinky
Geese have teeth on their tongues
Mini Mushroom
The bottom of my friends Oreo was flipped
Found a pair of conjoined grapes in my grape sack today
A piece of coal I found in my front yard
The first step of this recipe is to remove all pots and pans from the over before preheating.
Found an unwrapped Taki
Curlers illuminate the off message, when powered on, but functionally off.
My mother got into coloring and has a page for the ink bleeding. Thought this looked cooler than the picture itself.
Cookies which look like plate cultures
Microsoft Advertises Apple
This Nintendo 64 is marked for sale at $64
This thing I built.
Four different urinals. Kill me
The pattern on this crawfish
Shotgun!!!!!!!!!
The local dog park has an "sloth guard" to help remind/enforce people picking up after their pets.
what is so bad about panda express?
This USB can be plugged in both ways
This UK hotel has a 3-gun safe (for shotguns) in each room
This large lemon my Grandma grew
This spiral smoke from a forest fire
This FYI music store is having a going out of business sale. They have a used CD section.
The way this Boiling water looks like a whole bunch of eyes
IS THIS COOL HERE?
This rock looking like a happy dinosaur
The way My paints make s snow man on this plate
They planted trees in the streets of my hometown [Argentina]
You can register to vote while waiting in the waiting room of Mass General Hospital
Rugrats Vintage Thanksgiving Wine 2000
i was looking for my cat under my blankets with video on flash and you can see his blind damaged eye and his working eye which looks like a galaxy kinda. (his eye was like that when we adopted him as a stray)
Awesome timing.
The way this leaf imprint looks
My eggs this morning looked like a face
Perfect circle of ice in a mountain creek
Found this in a wheelbarrow OwO
Im left brain dominant what are you?
This shark in a jar I found at goodwill for $6!
The way the wind blows this lawn
A penny from 1865 I found today at home. Lincoln was not on the face. Who is this though?
This microwave has a ‘pumpkin risotto’ setting
My Apple Jacks has a loooong boi in it
Poor guy, he has seen better days.
Had a really friendly fox come into last week
This single roll of toilet paper on locked display in a tea house bathroom
This chunk of ice looks exactly like the U.S.A.
“Norms Notes” from my wife’s nursing book
Photo I took of light reflecting side by side with a human eyeball
Aim towards to goal toilet - saw this today in Swanage (UK) - Saves I’m cleaning I guess!!
Mini mountain range of ice, Lake Ontario.
This bird condominium.
This cardboard speaker.
Old Man Root Face
Rock from the creek looks like a miniature coast line model.
Make up a coin girl
The way the syrup fell on my waffle
My husband sweat a perfect heart
This parking garage has binary written on the exterior
This deal I found in the Bay Area
This rotten banana peel i found on the sidewalk looks like a dead bat.
This product is called duck, and the bottleneck is also shaped like a duck.
Gizmo keeps getting more color as she gets older
The way this ice cube froze
How to keep the tea bag underwater (served in a Air France plane)
Inside a fully zoomed in camera lense
Come in for the tacos... we don’t sell tacos.
My gum had “post chew wraps” to throw away your gum in.
I met R2D2 at a local shop
This fried egg looks like Africa
If you line up the raised parts of my bike lock it says "look fast bike"
My clock has the ingredients needed to make lemonade written on it
I met R2D2 at a local shop
Squirrel taking a nap.
This banana was in my fridge for so long, that it turned black
My clock has a recipe for lemonade
Toothpaste nose
This Cool Rock I Found On The Beach Today Has A Day And Night Imprint
This phone flipping the bird
This house near my neighborhood has a miniature replica of it, they use it as a lending library
A Very Large Blueberry
A calendar from 1964 can be used again in 2020, same days and dates.
This massive onion.
This nail that accidentally got added to this concrete floor
This 80-year-old driver’s license renewal form.
This tic tac toe has only 2 rows
Fido's Contemptuous Gaze in This Painting
Balloons stuck on the ceiling
Instructions on a Blue Moon pint glass
Google lists Yoel Romero as 122 years old.
A Death Star
This vehicle has a light up stop sign when it applies brakes!
Not OC, but this statue in Poland looks like Darth Vader whenever it snows outside.
This banana runt
If your phone falls out of your pocket while racing go-karts, it gives you the finger
Plastic bag on a bush looks like a 2 faced optical illusion
This juxtaposition made me uncomfortable... (nothing NSFW actually shown)
The way are real Dun shines into the this fake one
This donut I found in a tree
In Georgia (USA) there’s a monument on which are inscribed 10 guidelines to create a society.
Plastic bag on a bush looks like a childs face or other faces
This strange McDonald's I found in South West England.
This is a very stout power pylon.
I put lint from the dryer on my cat, she liked it
My friend got 2 Fruit-by-the-Foot in 1 package, both Berry Tie-Dye
My bag of chips was almost completely full of raw seasoning.
This is the life expectancy by state in 2020, it kinda looks like the U.S Political Demographics if u ask me.
This triple combo bathroom I saw. Yes that's a urinal inside the shower space.
My sister was takin care of the cleaning products, so I thought that you guys might enjoy take a look
I cracked 2 consecutive double yolks
A bird pooped this musical note on my windshield
These coffee rings in my mug
A Caboose in work. Yes those are railroad workers on it.
I put a bandaid on last night then took a shower this morning and it left it’s mark
These two 100 Grands that I got from two different gas stations
There's a flower dispenser at my airport
the skull of dylan klebold after he shot himself ( one of the gunmen at columbine )
This small coffee bean I found today
Tried to draw a sketch and ended up creating donald trump
skull of dylan klebold, one of the gunman at columbine’s skull after be shot himself
Deez double mushrooms yo
The kids menu at this Thai restaurant
This propane tank cage has propane tank shaped holes.
The power line poles near the NFL Hall of Fame are shaped like goalposts.
We've been tossing cat turds out the litter box in this specific spot. This is the end result after 2 years of doing this
Garden store has visiting goats
The way this flame looks like a fire demon hell-bent on destroying my coffee
Time travel??
Found a Swedish copy of I, Robot at IKEA today.
How someone in my neighborhood deals with taggers.
Sock monkeys as socks
This Phở restaurant uses Sriracha bottles for soap dispensers.
This statue in the Colosseum looks like a godly Jar-Jar Binks
My license plate rusted, wasnt aware they could even do that
This came on my TV for a split second after a segment of SNL.
My sister was takin care of the cleaning products, so I thought that you guys might enjoy take a look
This giant grape
My sister was takin care of the cleaning products, so I thought that you guys might enjoy take a look
A tree I saw that is swallowing a sign.
The residue on the table makes a smiley face :)
Local library tells you how much you save by taking out a book instead of purchasing
Asking Strangers 'What Is Time?' Is The Most Mildly Interesting Thing You'll See Today!
This garlic bulb has cloves on the periphery
The fact that length of RICKROLL video is exactly 3:33
WILD SAFARI FIGHTING OVER PIZZA CRUST
Liquid Oxygen, If you were wondering.
Left the car for a few hours and came back to this
This elevator is bigger than most apartments in Hong Kong
In 1964 you could get a puppy from smoking:
This plastic sphere chilling in the park. It's light plastic with hatches on both sides.
My school's 1970 valedictorian is Velma from Scooby-Doo
This phone at O’Hare Airport
Cows at the beach [OC]
When you put peeled potatoes in cold water, they make an outline of themselves on the surface
This hook has worn down the wall over the years.
This sign in Newport, Oregon
"ENLARGED TO SHOW DETAIL": Nutty Nuggets (Kroger equivalent of Grape Nuts) box photo shows cereal comically huge, and also calls it a "SERVING SUGGESTION".
My 5 month old Halloween pumpkin is still in perfect condition
I found a 400 year old Bill Murray look alike in a local art museum
[insert caption in comment]
The hamburger my teacher wants to serve me only has one bun
A plane crossed between me and the sun.
Bogey spotted
Chalk art in front of the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art, Hartford, CT. Artist Unknown. 2017. It’s been gone three years now.
This new house built by me has a word in the window frame
IN THE MIDDLE OF A WATERFALL
Landline phone doesn't recognize the leap year
Discovered why I never get Cake Day alerts on Reddit.
Warehouses that match the sky
This one part of a tree that's super dense and leafy
A razor blade under a microscope.
Ants are terrifying
He builds a clarinet using a carrot and plays it
My local hypermarket grows some of it's own vegetables.
This is the Rarest Color Of Deer Ever, Melenistic - Seen By Me In Moab Utah - 2018
My grandmother’s US passport from 1968 prohibits travel through communist countries.
These two train riders with the same shoes facing the same way
This persons wiper blades
The bike racks in this local brewery.
A degloved smiley fry
Spring cleaning at work and found two bottles of the same product, packaged twenty years apart.
When an image of Groudon is sunbleached, it becomes it's shiny form
This key I found laying next to a tree in a park
Parts of Brazil have Emergency WIFI Hotspots every kilometer on remote/mountainous roads
Parts of Brazil have Emergency WIFI Hotspots every kilometer on remote/mountainous roads
Parts of Brazil have Emergency WIFI Hotspots every kilometer on remote/mountainous roads
The airport I'm in has what appears to be a gathering of chair people in one of the waiting areas.
I found a picture of my family from 1946. (The people under the arrows are who I’m directly related to.)
Real mink furs at thrift store.
This ladybug died and turned white, presumably from the light and time.
My sweet potato is a body builder
This rock has been worn smooth by glacial retreat over thousands of years.
Yoda reddits?
Kom Piddleston?
The incredible sculpture of the “Disinganno” by Italian artist Francesco Queirolo includes an intricate net made from a single block of marble: no apprentice wanted to touch it for fear of breaking it. Naples, Sansevero Chapel (1753-1754)
This led lamp I made in like an hour
X-Men: First Class was the second time January Jones starred in something that took place in the 60s with an actor with a pork based name.
These paving slabs make the ground look undulating
This tiger on a plate in a restaurant I went to
How the lights from a friend's indoor plant LEDs get broken down by the zipper
The way this branch fell around this car
I ripped a part of the magazine and It ended up looking like North America
The top half of this groovy looking architecture is actually a reflection off a window, and the lower half is the view inside of this building.
My grandma has an adjustable shower head for height
These udder-style sauce dispensers.
This paper lamp looks like it's turned on, but it's not. The morning sun is sneaking through a small uncovered section of my window, illuminating the lamp from its backside.
The way these restaurant pagers light up in the stack at my local pizza chain
The sickness bag on this bus has a vomit-o-meter.
The use by date on this oregano
I found a 1943 Silver Dollar
This tree is about to be blown over
Breastfeeding/pumping pod found at the McCormick Place, a convention center in Chicago, during C2E2 (Chicago Comic and Entertainment Expo).
122 year old wallpaper
Ever seen a tree growing out of another tree?
Ever seen a tree growing out of another tree?
What happens when you translate LeBron from French to English
My Dentist has bathroom soap in a mouthwash bottle.
this USB connector has the USB logo on it
The way the tiger lines up with a painting of him
Found this spot on the ground where obviously a gay person pissed
It's a little hard to see but these two birds chilling under this trailer. (You might have to zoom in to see them)
Old town road
Seen in my city. I can’t decide if it’s a shark bark or an “arf” art
World's smallest pancake
Every time I freeze ice this happens
Size difference between biggest and smallest of litter at 7.5 weeks. Credit @loulouminidachshund
This paperclip that looks like an upvote...
This banana wet floor sign.
This police department in Rotterdam has it's own dock.
This thing growing out of an onion
The sign of the Notary Public # 30 of Bogotá is made to look like the symbol "Om".
This fish tank is only reflective when viewed from the sides
A picture of a reflection of a reflection of a steering wheel
Bought a Book Today, and It Turned Out That it Was Signed by the Author
My great grandmother’s butterfly she found in Madagascar (details in comment)
My Dad’s beanie has a light built into it
These bottles from different brands that are the same:
General lee spotted in canada!
Just realized my cake day is on 29th Feb. LEAP YEAR MOTHERF**KER
The way that ice formed on my car window
This machine at a hotel that automatically makes and dispenses pancakes.
My Aunt &amp; Uncle were Christian missionaries 20 years ago, and recently bequeathed me some items from their travels. Here we have 3 coins, presumably all South African, circa 1999-2001. Note how the spellings differ, “Afurika and Afrika,” among the others.
His and Hers garage openers.
Bowser is 69 years old
Snow melted on only half of my street this morning.
Business in front, party in back.
Knives Stuck In A Wall
This airplane gave us at least one wrong emergency card
My Granddad's identity card from when he was a prisoner of war in Guernsey during WWII
What is wish doing now....
After having my youtube account for 14 years, I finally hit the hard cap for liked videos.
Light streaming up from the sun into the sky, with the clouds it looks like a beam.
This piece of chicken looks like Africa
Normal egg (left) small egg (right)
The closed caption description of the bionic sound from The Six Million Dollar Man
Tea shop in Hong Kong shows gratitude to medical staff and provides discount
This sign at my parent’s house
My sandwich came with two bottom buns.
This expiration date looks like MARIO
Just saw two people riding down a hill in these(didn't get a photos so of Google)
Passed these trees while leaving!
The corner shop near my house is selling what appears to be a 20+ year old box of Radox bath salts. Pictured next to a newer box for comparison.
My sister had a customer pay with a 1928 $20 Gold Certificate today.
The mud stains on this ATV look like it has snow chains on.
My camera icon is a film canister
These socks Google sent to my brother for making over 1000 Google reviews.
The light at the end of the tunnel
Took that long to grow his beard. Smh
These ballooned bags of pistachios, packaged at sea level and sold in Denver.
I do not feel safe in front of that car.
This menu has lip balm as a snack
An orange grew inside my orange
this cool lil fella
I found this in my cereal
This pendant made by my wife has her and my fingerprints on it
So i’m watching the Shinning right now, and i discovered that young Jack Nicholson looks exactly like David Beckam. Hide his receiding hair with your thumb and see
This toaster goes by colour instead of just a dial with the heat you want it
My lenses have a blue light filter and reflect blue light.
Coolest mobile home you’ll ever see
Wish they did this where I worked. So much waste at work daily.
Not sure when I got old, but this is considered an antique vehicle in VA nowadays.
When 2020 appeared while stopped at traffic light !
this makes me cringe
I saw a hot air balloon on my way to church this morning
Double banana
This outlet in a Finish shopping mall has a place for just a usb, so you can charge ypur phone even if you only have the cable
This thicc pickle
This cinema have a fricking ball pit
my brothers did this to my room and I have to clean it
the first time i've seen (almost) individually wrapped tic tacs
Left bathroom light on at night
The names of these two aisles
This awkward ad for coconut water at a local Yoga Studio
Two candies fused together.
These white strawberries in my supermarket. They cost $30 for 16! Apparently the taste like pineapple
i accidentally took a screenshot of my phone screen rotating from horizontal to vertical (its supposed to only be vertical)
What refraction and surface tension can do to a swimmer
Smart bins in Australia use solar power to compact waste. Includes foot handle.
We have leveled up boiz from 1919 to 2020
I left my chapstick in my car and it exploded(picture taken in July)
An old german language guide issued by the US War Department in 1943 found among my late grandpa's stuff.
This was drawn by artist with Alzheimer's disease
The Way These Tires Are Stacked In A Trailer
This trailer carrying a trailer.
Top game on App Store rn
This hand painted fridge magnet I didn't buy in South Beach
A triple chocolate brownie i found in Spain
There are more members in r/bannedfromclubpenguin than r/ClubPenguin
Statue in Thailand holding an iPad
China’s NO2 Pollution Density Compared Between January ‘20/February ‘20 (Before/After Mass Factory Shutdowns)
I got my girlfriend flowers for Valentine's day. She put half of them on the porch and the other half inside, this is the result!
My chicken laid a massive egg
My carrot is two carrots together!
This oreo with one side the wrong way around.
Electric pole wire cutting through moon :)
This menu has information about the traditional writing system of the Philippines, Baybayin.
The way the ice formed while driving in the cold.
The way the ice formed while driving in the cold.
The little bright star caught attention of many people and so here is the click!
Japanese McDonald's rice "bun" hamburger
3 sun in the sky (anthelion) seen at the Red Sqr in Moscow, Russia
This large jellybean compared to a normal one.
Sophia Lillis looks very similar to a young Ryland Adams
:) at 100 tabs
:) at 100 tabs
A Leaf that looks like it has been struck by lightning.
The fact that English is the only word to call it a pineapple, whilst other languages are variants of Ananas
The balance point of this spoon is at the end of the handle so you can balance it on a bowl easily.
Welcome to your Anxiety Attack...
These trolleys are very popular here, as evidenced by the marks on the steps.
The reflection in my lenses reflect my phones camera lens perfectly.
A little radiator.
I was wiping some tears on my sweatshirt and it ended up looking like the silhouette of a goose
Ten Years old Snake Boy of India inspirational story of fight against pain
I get to be in a movie simply because of my moustache.
The way this swan eats
a rolled out paper straw
Mice like peanut butter too
The elevator buttons at this mall are imbedded into an open book on a shelf
The bathroom at my doctor's office has a discreet way for victims of abuse, violence, or human trafficking to get help.
The cross in this ropewaystation is made out of rope
Took this picture of a raindrop. You can see the reflection of passers-by in it.
This tile that lets you know if you’ll be hit by the opening door.
Switch button through the washroom mirror at my workplace
I burnt my arm the other day and noticed it looks like the Nike logo now
This piece of charcoal had a nail in it, i’ve never seen that before
I burnt my arm the other day and now it looks like the Niie logo
My Nike belt has a bottle opener built in
Can't tell if the mascot is a cow or a man in a cow costume
Rolled up to this house and this comes stampeding up to me
I guess I'm rich enough for two girls at the same time.
This chair with special butt holes
Our refrigerator freezer after not being defrosted/used for many months has turned into a mini frozen world. [OC]
This piece of ice that froze on top of my water
This package of hot sauce I got my dad for Valentine’s day
The Patient With Green Blood
Brick sofa chair
Checking my poo for round worms the old-fashioned way after a mysterious outbreak at work...
This DeLorean time machine replica on display my friend shared from a conference he went to.
United Airlines’ 737 shaped Smoker/Grill
German positions on the coast of France all run down
The way these clouds look like remind me of that effect when you squirt ink in water.
Why did someone mobile order just a cheese stick from Starbucks at 9:30 in the morning? Must have been an odd craving.
my recently listened artists are all red
These dice in a wine cork
Met an older man DJing Motown today, he was using these.
Met an old man DJing Motown tonight using these
My shower head likes to do this
I weigh 1234
My Walmart locked up its underwear
The way this butter is melting
My headlights project an angel onto the lenses.
A chain carved from a single piece of stone - Found at Kauai’s Hindu Monastery
my school sells ad space and has the texas flag higher than the american flag
Not from Germany: A wall tiled with swastikas found in the ruins of an imperial garden in Beijing
This is what is inside of a charging block
The condensation from my beer smiled at me!
2012 tweet predicting Kobe’s death
My 6 mo's favorite teether is shaped like the corona virus
The lights on the border of the mirror keeps the condensation in the middle
ZONE WARS with FOLLOWERS! // anyone can join!
Grooves left behind by glaciers on Kelly's Island
Sumo Legend and UFC Pioneer Manny Yarborough with Miley Cyrus
The peepholes at my work swivel around
Space images reveal drastic fall in pollution over China as factories closed due to Coronavirus.
This is really the Last time to drink
This deformed strawberry
A little Spider-Man appears when the sun hits just right to the lamp in my garage.
The way this snake plant asexually reproduces
Went away for three days, came home to this bad boy in the garden
this is pollination in my garden
Curtain design looks like owls
The packaging for one MacBook and one pair of free headphones
I put body wash into this soap bottle that only had a little original soap in the bottom left....and it reacted strangely 🤷🏻‍♀️
The bubbles made in our company's passivation solution.
This Starbucks built around a palm tree.
My teas weight has a tiny, distraught hamster painted on it.
"corona" small mackerel sardine
R2-D2 bop-it I found
This cute sketch of Hitler
My coffee has a crown
The light shining through my family farm’s barn
All 45 presidents between the president they were born in and who was president when they died
Appropriate
Rented a house with original stickers from blockbuster on the vhs tape.
these cheesey guys I found at work
This milk that will never hit an expiration date
They are onto something...
Mega banana bunch
Built a Friends Lego set
This golden watermelon I found in Thailand.
The guy in this ad looks like Jerry Seinfeld
All six of the eggs I just cracked have double yolks
This book bag I bought at Comic Con today glows with flash photography.
Pretty cool advertisement. Totally tricked me.
Found a red avocado
A case with 1 million dollars in $20 bills at the Chicago Federal Reserve Museum.
A case with 1 million dollars in $20 bills at the Chicago Federal Reserve Museum.
The design that the melted snow makes on the hood of my car
This "Sour Patch Kid"
This Jar of Peanut Butter
This half-green half-blue deformed
This house has a guard turkey
This house has a guard turkey.
laid my buddies edges with eczema lotion
Italian Fest or Coronavirus?
The people in Fort Meyers, FL have a thing for putting seashells on tree branches
More of my current patch collection.
Part of my current patch collection.
A lonely Pistachio shell
Found a Mark 1 PlayStation 1 with controllers that are without analog sticks
Almost tripped over this large eel that choked on a fish, died and then washed ashore in Mexico.
Book bag I bought at comic con before and after flash photography.
This construction company renovating a house in my street is called "HEYSIRI'"
Somebody left a full pizza for this tiddy
Airpods are gravity resistant
I dropped a speaker into a bunch of rust dust and this happened
All black Victorian mansion with a guard turkey - who are these people?
2 color peppers in my lunch today
This toilet paper flower my maids made for me on all my toilet paper rolls
Find a new face every time you try
2 color peppers in my lunch today
I didn't know that peppers can be multicolored at once
I didn't know that peppers can be multicolored at once
I didn't know that peppers can be multicolored at once
Inverted map from Australia
Found this at a local Cracker Barrel
The wet floor signs in the mall are shaped like bananas
This hand roll bar has unscented/scented soap for before/after eating
Is this true or false?
This fortune from a fortune cookie I just got
This collection of hotel pillows comes with it's own menu
The wood texture on the head of this ukelele
I found a stick that says “Yo”
The water somehow froze into vertical spikes...?
I found a stick that says “Yo”
This car with a cloud attachment on top
Legit parking
This person paints false shadows confusing unsuspecting passersby
The large lemon we got from a friend about the size of an orange.
The ice on our back patio melted in a perfect line.
My car's headlights startup self-check.
This enormous cheezie
These to-go boxes at the restaurant I’m at has reheating instructions on the lid
I edited a picture of the moon into a 1 eyed abstract monster.
Frozen stairs
Gigantic sticker ball
This “guard dog” sign I saw at brunch today for an attack chicken security company
This tree outgrowing it’s metal encasing
Woman came through the drive thru (in rural Midwest) with a kangaroo joey
Ink can fade/get sun bleached. The top is old ink the has been sitting at a window for weeks and the line at the bottom is brand new ink written on the paper
This tree consuming it’s metal encasing
This weird flavor of seltzer water I found today. It's actually pretty amazing though.
My Venus flytrap bloomed today
Panorama shot I thought was interested.
This drawn Patrick at a local Ice Cream shop
None made in America, while representing Merica. [my car in the middle]
Studio Ghibli's colour chart
I only put makeup on and edited one side of my face
I only put makeup on and edited one side of my face
This case with 1 million dollars in $20 dollar bills at the Chicago Fed. Money Museum.
This guy had a dog stroller
This restaurants rotating fan
This restaurant’s fan
This flower bud looks like it's sticking out its tongue.
Interesting Leek
Found this banana car in a neighborhood near mine. Interestingly, it’s either street legal or the owner is driving it around illegally
This squirrel eating his nut.
Uncle Ben also is looking quite young lately
My wife and I made this together.
The inside of a gum ball is hollow
These doves walking by the window sill looks like they're giant
Ice ball sticking to the glass
I decided to peel a lemon and was very surprised with the outcome ( I just normally peeled it and all the white stuff just came off with the peel)
The door fits the room left by the mattress perfectly
House I live next to has walls lined with license plates
Server asked if I had a gluten allergy. Huh? First time getting a pasta straw.
This urinal designed for women.
An absolutely massive gun safe. 240 cubic feet of guns for the small price of 14k.
Hit the 5,000 liked videos milstome
This wet floor sign is in the shape of a sharks fin.
knots on the top of a wood post
This glitched LinkNYC billboard that looks like the NYC skyline.
Found this old "ruler" at my job.
My cat has a small white 🤍 on her back
For a second i thought that there was a hole on my TV when i turned the lights on, thanks to the mirror...
Found writing and height marks under wallpaper on my house
Just made a post then reddit crashed and when I went back on I saw my own post in new
Found this on the wall above a urinal in a restroom...
This grasshopper that has been pressed in my cellar's door frame.
This photo I took and edited of the sunset
The top of my beer bottle come off with the cap.
Items found in flat tires - in walmart tire center
Abandoned mall in Cincinnati, Ohio (Forest Fair Mall)
Found during a home inspection. I did take the sock off and it just smelled musty.
Fought myself in shadow fight
A beaver chewed this tree
This cell tower meant to look like a tree
Fedex employee tearing off my receipt
This slot machine clearly uses an image of Beyonce for their model.
You can see how worn down each valve on this instrument is
This rainbow around the shadow of my airplane.
I was at an interview event for a prestigious academic institution with a bunch of other teens. We were all nervous, so the adults told us to draw. What resulted was pure zoomer energy incarnate
The stitching on this panorama glitched but at first glance it looks fine
I was at an interview event for a prestigious academic institution with a bunch of other teens. We were all nervous, so the adults told us to draw. What resulted was pure zoomer energy incarnate
How this icicle bifurcates
I was at an interview event for a prestigious academic institution with a bunch of other teens. We were all nervous, so the adults told us to draw. What resulted was pure zoomer energy incarnate
An almost perfectly symetrical triple gobstopper
Turns out my wife is a secret hoarder of Del Taco sauce. I outed her and organized them in a drawer.
I saw a wild bison in a tea garden in Ooty, India.
I was at an interview event for a prestigious academic institution with a bunch of other teens. We were all nervous, so the adults told us to draw. What resulted was pure zoomed energy incarnate
Potato chip that resembles Pac-Man
This weird white sweet potato
This weed sign
My old monitor stand is certified for windows vista.
One of the paprikas i bought today made some weird rumbly noises; turns out it had a baby growing inside of it
How the snow is melting on my deck
Water droplet strikes sharp object
My shoes look like my school's carpets
My Garlic sprouted
This hail in the middle of a beautiful day...
Kablam!!! Controlling the ice flow so it doesn’t jam up the dam down river.
Postmates delivery rolling down Sunset BLVD.
My hotel's light switch has a light so you can find it on the dark
Scrolling through old photos and found a pic of my friend wearing a button that says “I’m a dipper” from McDonalds. I can’t say I’ve ever seen this button other then this photo.
Predator &amp; Alien made from scrap metal
1 English fluid ounce and 1 French fluid ounce are 1mL different volume according to the directions
You can see how warn down each valve is on this instrument
How my 2 year-old eats cornbread.
This glass broke while washing the dishes
Contrary to many posts on here, my watch does know it’s a leap year! Thanks to modern tech!
I found a guitar with a weird note
Ice formed on the ends of the little whiskers on my tires
This is how an acorn sprouts into an oak tree
My backyard neighbors have a door on the 2nd floor that leads to no where
I got a flat Tostitos scoop
24 hour clock
An Einstein Bros Bagels next to a Chick-Fil-A in my town has this in their window. You can see it from the drive through.
I’ve been on reddit for 8 years and I just realized my cake day is on a leap year.
This leaf that I found.
This happened to my google widget for February 29th.
A blur from the lights that looks like a ghost with blue eyes, a red heart, and claws.
My friend unknowingly walked out of a party wearing somebody's very big left shoe.
This checkout had a calendar indicating the date of birth for legal alcohol purchases. It displayed a date that didn't occur since 1999 wasn't a leap year.
The caller ID on my phone identified a political campaign calling me
Myheritage app put color on this 1928 school picture
One of the crayons in my classroom has clear wax in the center
My neighbor's car had this amazing frost pattern the other day
This tank has been here for years and its still pretty nice
Two strawberries are merged in one
My mum's cat sometimes misses the litter tray and poos on the newspaper underneath...
Found a stick that looks like a gun!
This RedBox is Blue.
The window is to the right of the bookshelf. Neat how one bronze rim lights up and not the other
How to properly wash your hands
My local King Soopers is selling containers full of sprinkles
This wet floor sign
My spaghetti came folded
This Cannabis Exhibit at the Philadelphia Flower Show couldn't feature real plants.
Astronaut Doggo found in a train station
Video: See What Happens When You Place an Iron Anvil in a Tub of Liquid Mercury
My burn looks like a Mickey head.
My apple juice is actually made mostly out of potatoes...
This panel in a truck kinda looks like jumba from lilo and stitch.
If you squint hard enough, this dent in the wood looks like a skeleton Abe Lincoln
This tip jar for a Galveston vessel
My orange had a smaller orange in it
Found a part of a beehive in the ice today!
Client of mine has house numbers on a rescued vintage skateboard
Manufactured in 2015 with this footnote
The headrest perfectly blocked out the sun
This bird that was in the ceiling chandelier at the Jurassic Park Restaurant in Universal Orlando
Found some conjoined asparagus
Pretty sure your can come by a more perfect total
Image of my family farm’s barn in the morning
This thicc chip (that I could not bite through)
Two fortune cookies in one package... is this good or bad luck?
Pretty sure he doesnt
This chocolate bunny from IKEA, like all their furniture, needs to be assembled
I guess double yolk is good luck
These seagulls look like their in formation for war
A two tailed lizard i found
This little dude riding around Walmart cleaning the floor
This chicken tender looks strangely like Africa
This bar has a machine that puts a character on your Guinness
This morning's sun was warm enough to cause last night's snowfall on our van to turn to steam
Found this little gem in my apartment lobby
Small Pox Road?
A twizzler wrapper disappears
This s shaped cornflake
My Paper plate has a pizza hut logo.
3-Way Stop Sign
I filled my red solo cup all the way
The shape of a heart
AirPods Pro box has two right buds on the box.
The handle on my knife sort of looks like an old dude with a beard
My collection of Looney Tunes marbles
Lake Ontario NY during latest blizzard (photo taken by me)
The alcohol and water separated perfectly after shaking with coarse salt when cleaning my glass “vase”. with isopropyl.
Hanging on by a strand of spider silk.
This carrot my mum pulled up
The w in whose has been weathered to the point where it looks like the letter A
These bananas all have a frozen sticker on them
I did not know this existed
This "overgrown" Onion that's been in my fridge for about 2 months now...
Today is my first cake day!
A coffee shop uses pasta instead of plastic as coffee stirrers
Found at a local autoshop with pistons and a tire to sit on.
The Size of this Brussels Sprout
This acorn I found has a mini moss garden inside.
The Size of this Brussels Sprout
i got reddit to work on my 10 year old phone
The entrance of this club is an old bus.
wave check
Garlic bread flavored chips
Taco bell and beer is my dump recipe
Old Rusted Hairclip
Short sighted?
This is What a Beatbox Subtitle Looks Like
My hands after two hours of working as a cashier
Pi Network Cryptocurrency
View from inside an abandoned Lighthouse looking up. Lighthouse was build in 1848.
My baby has an elf ear
Missing Dog Poster at Local Park
I have Corona since today!
This fence was taken down in my local park, except this one section inside a tree.
I boiled a dozen eggs and 7 of them had double yolks
This folded Pringle
Little men holding me up
Yesterday's newspaper had nearly identical front page photos in two different sections.
Pilot checking the wing of our flight, before flight takes off...
My knive's assist spring have broke a day ago. It's still covered in gooey oil. It's actually broken in two places.
This is probably old news but I just learned that hostess made a Twinkie’s cereal
The coronavirus has caused china’s emissions to become almost 0
This photo of my Grandad in Egypt during WWII has hung in our house for decades. Today I only have one question . . . who was that dude lurking in the background, wearing a fez?
Clearly a product meant for the generations who have never seen the movie Soylent Green!
This icicle which has grown indoors
All kinds of awesome.
Cough drop wrapper with encouraging messages
Someone clipped this tree on a street near our house and the sap ran out and froze like an icicle
My watch doesn't have a leap day but it knows it's Saturday
Propeller rotation and video framerate perfectly synced
My dad got an infinity gauntlet bottle opener
This urinal at a restaurant i had lunch at.
The Bagworm Moth Caterpillar build their cocoons from cutting twigs or leaves.
Found a statue with a guide on how to Palm read.
Well this is a bit of a strange looking spot for such a large icicle. Hmmmm...
Our hamster found some ice cream
I found this old wii disc you need to install Netflix.
My fishes shadow on my carpet
The center of this rotting watermelon
My friend made this oragami shuriken
Unraveled Takis chip
This shadow looks like a low quality shaders
This "slippery when wet" warning sign is shaped like a banana skin
My dad (Age 13, technically) was born today.
This Urinal Allows You To Play Soccer
This benadryl pill that was empty out of the bottle.
Target seems a bit too excited to have an out-of-service price checker.
A mini time capsule inside a vintage sewing machine recently gifted to me. A pack of needles “made in West Germany” for $1.25 and the original receipt for the machine. Miss M Young bought this machine on august 18,1956 for $90.90. About $880 today which is the cost of a decent computerized machine!
The way these restaurant pagers light up in the stack at my local pizza chain
This apple with two gradients
The box my wife's vase came in is a weirdly comfy reading nook
Making a cup of tea upside down
Whiskey barell sink
"An Unusual Rendition of The Little Mermaid" painting I found
The way this icicle formed from water coming out of this cut branch
I collect vintage recipe tins and this “Civil Defense Preparedness” card was in one of them. I guess we were all concerned with more than viruses then.
Promotional Peanut Butter. Choosy Internet People choose...GIF ?
The base of the world's largest fork, with a normal sized fork in front of it.
This tree looks like a llama.
Saw this at the Tractor Supply Store. Couldn't resist sharing.
Ordered takeout from a sandwich shop and the pickle spears came in their own individual ziploc bags
My dog’s license is, well, a dog!
My Korona smoothie maker was not made in China.
The way this old kale leaf has discolored
This broken marble
I was making some Oboy and this happened...
Braille Playboy Magazine Signed By Ronnie Milsap
Local library tells you how much you're saving by getting it there instead of buying the book
An Igloo Made From Igloo Coolers!
So hulu puts an ad on screen when you pause to take a bathroom break
You don't see this arriving at the dump every day.
Bottle of homemade apple pear wine
Viral Marketing.....
This ad I received was worn during transit/sorting.
The egg I cracked open at work this morning.
My sister’s pillow cases to separate her husbands side of the bed and her bed
This B&amp;W photo of the starlings I took look like static on old tv screens..
This meme IRL at my local Walmart
My Venus flytraps grew a flower
This small street only had room for one crosswalk stripe.
Uranium glass
This shelf restock map has “residual new year’s resolutions”
It takes an awfully long seed to make a long grape.
this electric heater looks like a little wood stove
Conjoined onion ring
My daughter was born with some extras.
Two eggs with two yolks each
If you frown here you'll ruin it.
My library displays how much money you saved using the library
What this rock does to the text
There are only moguls on one half of the ski slope
I found a pre y2k zippo while magnet fishing today
wind swept icicles on the shore of Lake Erie
This ice formation
My mam had a babushka tangerine (one inside of another).
Limited Time Green Lemonade at Cane’s for St Patricks Day
The instructions my 12-year-old wrote to teach me how to solve a Rubik's cube.
This stocking robot at my local Walmart
My coffee looks like somebody on their phone
The fortune I received in my fortune cookie
The car shaped brickwork where a car was driven through the wall.
An old English half penny that I cut to look like Banksy’s Flower Thrower
These tan lines
The last hieroglyphic inscription. It dates to August 24th, 394 AD; 3000 years after the construction of the Great Pyramid.
Shade proteced the last bit of snow from melting
The fortune I received in my fortune cookie
This boarded up vacant building with the plywood painted to look like doors and windows.
The fortune I received in my fortune cookie
The bar I'm at has a Guinness bottle opener where you can charge your phone
The graffito Esmet-Akhom (394 CE) is the last known hieroglyphic inscription. Testament to the longevity of the Ancient Egyptian civilization, the Great Pyramid was already 3000 years old at the time of its inscription.
My dog with a half white and half black face
This long handled plunger at a concert last night.
This bar last Sunday
There’s a single 2032 in a sealed pack of 2025 batteries
What everyone in the U.S. is doing with their Leap Day
This provocative brand of carrots.
I sanitized my hands and then touched my store receipt!!
This upcoming Tuesday will be the third day of the third month of the third decade of the third millennium. Incidentally, in the Hebrew calendar, "Tuesday" is literally translated to "Third Day"
Found a certificate of shares made out to my grandpa in 1926
Someone experimented with acid and paints
My Pink Splash Plant
My friend and I encountered the three species of curly fries at Arby's.
The pattern of these tablets being crushed (all numbers with a 4).
This ‘Ship in a Bottle’ Lego Set
People buying everything except Chinese food in fear of coronavirus
This alien landscape seen through my projector’s lens
The wooden tie we are wearing as groomsmen follow up from last night.
The sun gradually melting the snow off my patio
My McShake that I got today (Drive thru)
The "what's new" page for the Yelp app on the Android Play Store. Looks like Yelp got a cactus!
Bigfoot sighting near Kingston Mines, IL
This fruit by the foot has two rolls in one
Watch doesn’t know it’s leap day and skipped straight to March 1.
My Straw was Sealed Shut
The canvas I ordered has a mirrored image of my daughter on the side
Bought a house from the '70s. All the bathrooms had old heat lamps
Bought a house from the '70s. All the bathrooms had old heat lamps
Bought a house from the '70s. All the bathrooms had old heat lamps
My ceiling humidity looks like im watching someone sitting naked
My dog has a (almost) perfectly split face
This monster of a cable that was left coming out of the wall when it was decommissioned at my work
The author of my Network+ book tells me to take a break and play games with him on Steam
Tree root grew in a loop then back into the ground.
Tree root grew in a loop then back into the ground
This fire escape system in Baltimore, Maryland.
A dollar bill with repeating 3's
A dollar bill with repeating 3's
A dollar bill with repeating 3's
A dollar bill with repeating 3's
Seems like only the cheapest flour is good in a virus „apocalypse“
Throwing out junk mail only to find $5 in a random letter asking me to take a research survey.
This sign I saw in Iceland telling people to stop being idiots
This cheese looks like a stick of butter
My plane seat had a 4 type outlit
I left maple syrup in the fridge for several months and it made some cool crystals
The Starbucks in the Target has Target dog cookies lol
My local city planner has a sense of humor
A white horseshoe lucky charm
Logged in to paypal to find this
Success Kid on a poster for an Italian bilingual school
There are moguls on only one side of the slope
I caught the crack in my windshield growing today. OC
One of these things is not like the other...
An International Eye Test Chart (circa 1907)
A pleasant view.
I got bored so I drew a portrait of 100% the letter A
This magazine at my hotel
Predator made out of metal parts, washers, nuts, bolts, etc.
The size of this bubble wrap I got
How old these checks are that I'm currently shredding.
My sandwich from Checkers has two wrappers
My toothpaste looks like a tooth
My odometer ticked over to all fives when I got home last night.
So apparently Hot Wheels also makes Wheeled Chairs
World map in an Australian Cafe
I stopped getting my nails done at the salon, here is the growth progress of two months.
Dog treat sign with a bite mark
The thin ice sign in my local park must have been posted to the tree quite some time ago. It is now 18 feet off the ground.
All of my eggs this morning had double yolks
The canvas I ordered has a mirrored image of my daughter on the side
The way this shovel have worn on this wall after beeing swinged by the wind.
Someone call Will smith and Randy Quaid...we’re getting the band back together.
My bell pepper was clearly about to give birth.
Meat armor
This bus has wireless charging
These VERY large tires
my cake day is in exactly 4 years
I thought it was Jesus Pez...
This random house in Portugal unintentionally pays a tribute to koalas face.
this cool restaurant lets you have reservations inside the kitchen
Tree fell over and took the yard with it.
My straw stood straight up in my drink, unassisted
My sister found an abnormally large strawberry. Average size blueberry for reference.
These female mannequins tied to trees in some dudes front yard. Serial killer?
Plane made out of kitchen roll/napkin
This house I saw with three garages
In case you're wondering what prop movie money looks like...this is it.
My (right) anatomy books compared to the ones (left) used by grandpa 70 years ago
Trash can in a mini locker
Two of some of music's best guitarists between 3 of some of it's best bassists
The spaghetti of my maruchan stuck together
This human head sagittally cut during dissection for medical education.
Made a new community, thought you guys would be interested. i'd love to get some posts on there from you guys
This meme is historically accurate?
This single tree struck by lightning surrounded by others untouched
I found a Mr Meeseeks at the library today
The sun melting the frost off cars
The sinister reflection off the top of this urinal
This grocery store prints the label directly onto the ginger with a foodsafe ink to eliminate the need for packaging or labels
A house near me has birds on the brickwork and the one has a single brick sticking out as it’s beak.
A house near me has birds on the brickwork and the one has a single brick sticking out as it’s beak.
This completely frozen-over house in Upstate New York
Replaced my lights with an HiD kit, and found out my left bulb hasnt been replaced since 2004
This flower smells like rotting flesh, tricking flys into thinking its a corpse so they come check it out and spread pollen to the other flowers.
This flower smells like rotting flesh, tricking flys into thinking its a corpse so they come check it out and spread pollen to the other flowers.
A icicle hanging from an icicle under a car
The difference in liquid content of these Corona Bottles
Trigun has a joke cover under the dust jacket.
The way snow can stick around this cable
The hotel I'm staying at has a laundry room with a "mood" knob: it turns music on.
There is hope after all.
WOW GUYS ICE NOT MELT CAUSE OF SHADOW!!!!
X marks the spot! The roots of this tree almost make a perfect X
My local park serves papayas to the birds
These breads that look like silhouetted heads
I used my bag dryer to dry beet tops
New calendar proposes to ditch leap days
Happy birthday Jerry! Er Gary....
In 1982, Colgate decided to try their hand at a beef lasagna.
Subliminal messaging in ad. His voice gets deeper every time the snow goes away.
This frozen splash in my birdbath
The way the last flood in my city left this tree stuck on the bridge
This mini guy was in one of my bath bombs
A pub on a street where I live bought a pig and hired a butcher. Now they are making and selling brawn, sausages and other parts of a pig. It is happening in the center of the city and it's awesome tradition if you like meat.
These brown sugar misprints we had at work.
This couple from my hometown passed away exactly four years apart, on leap day.
This is a block of milk that was in the dairy barn
The lime in my drink stopped the rum mixing with the coke
This wet floor sign that is shaped like a banana peel.
Girlfriend put my blackout curtains through the laundry. Looks like a piece of modern art in the daytime.
What a coincidence
All the planes are avoided the war zone in eastern Ukraine
i think it’s an old bottle holder of some kind.
This heart-shaped piece of (bark?).
This house at Turkey has grass growing on top of it
These huge tracks on this small excavator
The difference in length of my middle finger's
2020 candidates wealth.
My hard boiled egg this morning had two yolks.
This wind turbine blade.
I found a wet floor banana skin
This Sprite bottle
This Sprite bottle
How Ikea sets all the clocks.
My Uncle used to be best friends with Paul Heaton from The Beautiful South, Paul gave him this a long time ago on his birthday.
This Sprite bottle
This super UPC code...
Frost line created by neighbor's shadow
The way the snow on the mittens look like teeth
Tiles on the floor of a local bank have fossils in them
This fry from Wendy's looks like a great sword!
A solid block of steel
This shadow on my ceiling looks like Bill Cipher from Gravity Falls without a hat.
Herbal Essences has raised dots and lines on the backs of their bottles to help visually impaired people pick shampoo and conditioner apart.
These slightly-peeling letters on a truck, casting little shadows which makes them look 3D
This old thing of the night sky has only gotten dirty on the pages that pointed out when it was folded up for all those years.
So that's where they got the idea for the noises...
A tooth with the nerve still attached
A photo of the things I have in my pockets on a daily basis
This is a good Spotify playlist, kind of, that’s all.
Soviet Life Hacks from r/lifehacks
A photo I took of the things I carry on a daily basis!
2 belly buttons
This cottage at the top of a cliff
Upcoming Election Date of 30 Feb in South Carolina
9 consecutive serial numbers!
This frozen glass of whiskey, in which the alcohol and water have been separated, forming flakes of ice on top.
These pies have their filling stamped into the pastry
Cab I'm in has an indicator built into the side mirror to indicate if another vehicle is coming up from the side
People in Germany preparing for corona....
This car entertainment system's volume only goes up to 36
King George VI’s message to all members of the British armed forces in 1939
Handwritten Resume from 1981
An ad in a youtube video with the same guy
My TV mount has a spirit level attached to it.
These swings at my local park let you swing with your baby.
This toilet entrance in Hong Kong has two weirdly woven tree branches
The ice formed on my car this morning
This chicken nugget from Chick-fil-A looks like a whale
These two bills are consecutive.
A newspaper article from 2003 about how I was born in a car crash. My mum was on her way to a westlife concert and crashed putting her into labour. The band later dedicated a song to me.
The perfect line the snow melt made in our backyard
The way these droplets have dried
During their infancy, ACDC peformed in my hometown for $3 a ticket. My Grandpa was doing a church thing in the same hall they were rehearsing in and complained how much noise they were making
This Chevy Silverado that was pulled into my lot has a built in safe in the center console.
The exact number sequence of the track count and play time on a playlist I have!
Nature unifying the ‘Greek’ and ‘Turkish’ part of Cyprus
This thicc plant i saw at IKEA
Nature unifiying the ‘Greek’ and ‘Turkish’ part of Cyprus
the tip of my knife broke trying to open a led bulb. wondered where the tip flew....
The way my shoes fell looks like they’re posing for an ad
The toilet paper at my workplace.
My friend's feet after he worked outside a whole summer in working shoes and shorts
Didn't know half and half can last about 9 hours off the fridge
Found this box of old VHS Porn
My wife’s toothbrush is made of wood.
A cap for cereal
The face my bottle of powder made at me
Reclaimed teakwood with contemporary designs
Just noticed one of my succulents started flowering.
This tiny plant I found growing on the window of a taxi
The snow on my snowboard formed into a figure
This tree has grown round the railing
Rappers rent BMW i8’s for music videos/events so often that this guy is offering basically a “smoke weed in my nice car” optional package
My brother is perfectly calm
The name of this IKEA desk.
So many people sat on this stone bench and over the years deformed it
My Joy-cons match my watch strap
My cat resting his precious head on a pillow.
I withdrew cash from the bank and the serial numbers go in a numerical order...
These weird stairs in a shop in Whitby
In Russia you can buy beer at every fast food chain this mildly interesting post is mostly for Americans, im sure its the same in Europe.
Am I the only one that keeps his desktop like this?
This water droplet that looks like a bear
The mirror in this tree at my school
This massive climbing net I saw in Berlin. Adult on the left for scale.
This floppy disc shaped cheese slice
My Raynaud’s Disease Causes My Heels To Completely Lose Circulation
Facing slightly south east from my hotel room in North Sydney
Found this on Twitter
What babies do when adults sleep :)
Smart guy
The way the anchovies in my bowl look like a cricketer
Sitting in my old car
My aunt's shark teeth collection ( all dead long ) ( largest is a Megalodon )
This perfectly intact flat sided Chupa Chup I bought earlier today
My phone (a Samsung ZTE) for the first time, focused really well and make this photo of a chocolate croissant i bit into look good.
My watch doesn’t know it’s a leap year.
Me and u/Abigalli posted the same thing on 2 different subs, three hours apart
How close I was to losing this game of pool.
S3XY Tesla
every time my brother smiles, he looks like the baby from ice age.
When your FACE ID doesn't recognise you anymore. Thanks Coronavirus.
At a school dance, this vase is composed of a coffee can, roses, and a dragonfruit
Pack of M&amp;M's I got from the White House
This leaf shaped like my hand
This huge blueberry, (pencil for scale)
Am i the only one seeing this?!
most indian notebooks have a dedicated section about saving the girl child behind them, never thought much of it until I realised something like this probably doesn't exist in other countries
I purchased a book from eBay that happened to have a receipt from 1943 in it
right place, right time
Accidental M.C. Escher
Ralph (breaks the internet) is the no connection screen for Disney+
There’s a trail of Zs leading to this Sleep Clinic.
I found a green 8.99 carat sapphire today fossicking in Australia. Makes me so happy after months of digging holes in the Bush.
The way this kiwi’s center looks
These sandwich pickles are exactly two pickles.
Sunlight makes a flag on the wall
The cliff where this CLIFF bar comes from
My cactus has grown a strange looking flower
Is it anyone’s cake day today!? Do you only get a cake day every 4 years?
Is it anyone’s cake day today!? Do you only get a cake day every 4 years?
This toy I found at Walmart
The plane that I’m currently in doesn’t have the 13th row.
This bug split in half as I killed it
Accidental iCappuccino
My girlfriend scratched her thigh under her tattoo and ...
Chip bags are puffed up at high altitudes due to the low air pressure
The way this drop of water landed perfectly in my O key
My coffee cup shows the inner workings of a Dresden Nuclear Station when it's filled with something hot
This button that showed up jumps to each parent comment.
Saw this strawberry
This long grape that I found amongst the other grapes.
Venus fly traps can have conjoined twins too
Cleaned my keyboard after 4 years and 6000 hours of game time... here's a before and after.
We use hard drives instead of film reels at my movie theatre and I realised this isnt something anyone else likely sees every day
Cicada not long out of its old shell
We use hard drives instead of physical film reels at my movie theater and I realised this isnt something anyone else sees every day
The sun projected the road outside on our class's ceiling.
Pictures of me and my baby brother in ~2000. He’s a meth addict and has been sober for over a year now.
I would like to have this paris gift in my ward.
TF is a right brained human like "hahahaha f ing Emily your left brained so you can't get good toes loser" :)
Florist alleyway
The account of the user named NSFW is Safe for work
Old School slingshot.
The label on this computer part package leaves this behind when you peel it off so you know if it has been opened.
The moon changing color and falling beneath the herizon within the hour
After listening to his music every night for two years on repeat
Time lapse of my flight landing.
Russian cursive vs the way I write minimum before dotting the i's
This person lives in my brother's apartment building
When your blood starts going into the IV line
Money is money
Cashier accidentally entered my DOB instead of the price.
I was in the middle of my afternoon workout when I got an email inviting me to interview 4 of 4 for my dream job.
In Taiwan you are encouraged to defend yourself on the rail.
Me and my four friends(one of which is my bf), took the 16 personalities quiz and got a weird four way yin yang of personalities
This question mark birthday candle
Oddly soothing too.
The SNES controller has the different colors written inside for the ABXY buttons
This corona virus is getting serious.
One M&amp;M without any chocolate inside, another for comparison, pen for scale
Reddit notifies you about your cake day nowadays.
Found this on my driveway.
Yelp's update log on the Android Play Store.
The way Andrew Jackson's nose scrunched up a little bit due to a 20 being in my pocket for 3 months
A beautiful picture from above the clouds I took on a recent flight.
This airplane water
Found Twinkies cereal
It looks like the hot glue from the burn has meshed into my skin.
Earth from space
My wonton noodle looks like a face
This non-burned spot is the same shape as the whole thing
ying yang found on glass cup
Clickbait from 1935
Invert colored diet Mountain Dew
My nugget looks like a heart
There was (ironically) a peace sign in my pork 🐽
This toilet paper holder at a restaurant has an indent for your phone.
It glows in the dark
If your food sucks, make sure your shitter is clean
The exit stairwell at my office describes the emergency alarm.
Canadians be like
If you think seeing prickles come up is bad imagine having these.
I was at work when I realized how symmetrical my arm scars are!
An orange Raspberry with a red stripe, I found this morning
This XXX Wood Grain
Qantas has two different kangaroos in their logos
This vehicle that passed me on the highway.
I wrote a program in Python that plays the Name Game song with any name you enter.
My girlfriend and I got the exact same fortune from different fortune cookies
Microwaved two boiled eggs, one sweats, one does not
Questionable advertising
The apple password saver will delete the password from the picture if you try and send it
No wafer in my white chocolate Kit Kat.
My vet prints and mats photos of each new patient for the owner
My local blood bank gives you a badge once you hit 25 donations!
My white chocolate Kit Kat didn’t have the wager inside.
This wooden tie I’m wearing as a groomsman.
This snowman that has a sun hat on
the origin of the memes
Sign says “use toothpicks to press buttons” due to Coronavirus. Seoul, South Korea
This funeral parlor advertisement in Panama.
Was rinsing my mouth out with salt water a few weeks ago and forgot I left the cup in the bathroom, when the water evaporated the salt ended up crystallizing into these cubes
This little library I found walking down the street
The cross-section of a premature wild banana
The cross-section of a pre-mature wild banana
This lady bug I found perfectly situated in the barnwood in my bathroom.
Took a chance at timing the perfect shot but he’s too fast
This label on the bottom of my Tylenol Bottle
this hiking shoes shop have a micro hill with rocks for you to try the shoes on rocky terrain
This Game Of Life I found
A skull shaped scratch on a rod at work
The way vibration patterns are described
Canadians be like
My phone is one day behind apparently
This manhole cover just got paved over.
Light up menu.
It's Mardi Gras in Sydney tonight. Uber's routes are rainbows
I’ve found a cousin of the infamous curly-font sign
These old old spice bottles (aftershave and cologne)
It's Mardis Gras in Sydney tonight. Local Uber routes are rainbows.
This Illinois “Liquor license” from days gone by -still on display.
This screw didn't come with threads.
My grandma left me "The World's Liveliest Trading Game" from the 1960's
Empty fortune cookie package
These two should meet
The shadow of this flower looks like a winged dinosaur.
Lobster claw machine at the local seafood restaurant
This card I bought for my wife's birthday.
Relief/negative art on back of a truck this morning...
How These Loose Coins Lined the Washing Machine Door
this is a perfectly round egg I found
How these coins lined up in the door if the washing machine
This wall made from broken plates
Most commonly lost item at my gym
New Zealand, a couple small islands in the Pacific right? When overlayed over Europe the size might surprise you.
The snow on our brick patio melted unevenly
Papa John’s is trying to hire this subway
This garbage/dump truck has a port-a-potty built into it
My University has a "Tunnel of Oppression"
This self driving floor cleaner in Walmart.
This pen from a waiter that's multi-printed
My ring leaves a divvet on my finger.
This ant in white paint
This (almost) atomlacily correct potato I peeled
Aldi sells Colby Jack in packs of 11, but Pepper Jack in 10-packs.
new toilet paper i bought
Wooden forks at my local pizza shop
My textbook printed the same paragraph twice, word for word
The dissection of a cow eye (sorry if you had to turn your head to see it correctly.)
The bottom of my shoe shows exactly where the pedal sits when I ride my bike to school every day
my brother got 3 fortunes in one cookie
Unique handwriting
A silver penny I found today
Water erosion found under a bridge.
10 years ago today, 77% of Canada stopped to watch one of the most iconic Olympic hockey games. You could track it using water consumption
My electric bill comes with a page ranking your usage VS your neighbors. Started the year off at the top of the leader board.
A water fountain made to look like a beer barrel.
This microscope turned table lamp that my friend has.
Complimentary Mouthwash at a Chick-fil-a near me.
The way my daughter placed Disney princesses on her window indicates an interesting conversation going on!
This bag if carrots is customized to accommodate am extra long carrot
The soft buffers at the end of these curling rinks are sponsored by toilet paper companies.
Apparently, when ink from a printing press gets on your hands, you can restamp it on paper and restamp that back onto your hands.
Opening day at my local Greenery, I love sansevieria cylindrical!
Google mentions that the location of leap day is on earth
My husband knots all of our grocery bags so you have to rip them open
The packet of needles I found inside a 1956 sewing machine is “made in West Germany”. Also only costs $1.25!!
Perfectly shaped dry toothpaste
Inside of a Seashell
Cork impaled with stirrers
The way the oatmeal bath settled when being drained looks like a river delta.
This oak tree is bare except for a single, gigantic acorn
This mule near my grandpa’s house
This truck’s radio antenna
My teacher has magnet of Napoleon Dynamite
You don’t say.
My sons mittens after sledding
How a pangolin eats insects from a nest (X-posted from r/natureismetal
Someone found me and my friend’s exact mashup doppelgänger
The only instructions that my Italian grandma could find around the house for her old clock are in English, and I had to translate them for her!
The only instructions that my Italian grandma could find around the house for her old clock are in English!
This cool necklace i made.
Unexpected photo of Union Square, thanks bird!
This "birth control pill" I have from the 1960s.
A red apple slice in a pack of a group of green apple slices.
I've never seen paper straws before, so this is pretty wild to me
Coronavirus is now in the top search results on Pornhub
This weird and mildly sexual statue in front of Starbucks
Interesting Inflatable Trousers That Look Like Garlic/Green Onions
All of the Peep's eyes are off....some, waaaayyy off
When you see it...
My soda is leaded apparently.
Pikachu Tesla? How about a Pikachu Mustang!
Irregular Pepperoni is very mild.
My friend's pet invaded our FaceTime chat today.
The canvas I ordered has a mirrored image of my daughter on the side
These markers have a little window that shows how much ink is left
Visited the Moon yesterday which is on display locally (Museum of the Moon by Luke Jerram)
Bowing Deer in Nara, Japan
This amethyst crystal I found dug up from construction.
This natural tomato plant growing at my school
the condensation inside these buns copied the label on the bag
Chipped this off of a ~30 year old paint shaker at my work. Look at those layers!
Visited the Moon yesterday which is on display locally (Museum of the Moon by Luke Jerram)
This m&amp;m looks like a banana
Throw the trash in the trash sweety
This year is a leap year
This is my roommates cat George. George has a mini color sample palette on his nose of his fur coloring.
These tiny oranges delivered to me by Fresh Direct
American tourists in Saudi Arabia in the 50’s
These ice crystals
Puppy outline in paint smudge
This white ranger toy has removable heads
This squirrel with its arms crossed
This tiny egg
The aerial roots that are growing out of my aquarium plants
The text in my Chinese textbook is very reminiscent of the triggered meme from years ago
Mammamia, Luigi, you can-a define bullet points as pictures...
An American woman in Saudi Arabia in the 60’s
My white and pink Four O'Clocks made little hybrid dual color Four O'Clocks
This friendly Ebay-seller refunding money because of the outbreak
This soap company’s bottles are covered in stuff for you to read
Rhino made of pylons
This rust stain in my shop.
Slipping snow makes car smile.
Lots of progress in a short amount of time. These are the specs for my first Android Smart phone (2011)
This lamp outside my work
Identical Yoohoo bottles except one has 10 more calories
I found this while looking at pictures for a Zoo in Japan, and the reflection makes the tiger looks like he's wearing shoes
Cat sctrached me in a perfect cross
The inside of a broken golf ball looking like a desert landscape.
Everything under this stack ofzy old clay pigeons is green
My moms desk as a library tech!
This metal thing around a tree looks like a smiling face.
Just Fresno things
this Turkey, Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Croissant looks like it's sticking its tongue out
The way the lighting shows my pulse
The unique puzzle pieces in this 439 piece puzzle
Truck, seen in traffic, no visible license plate or temporary tag. And check out that front wheel cover.
They printed the label over the opener
The way this tree grew around an old sign
This store in Uruguay
These two men who sat next to each other at Panera.
Different color sands of the Sahara Desert
One of life's greatest pleasures...
On at least some phones, aiming a laser remote at the camera will allow you to see it. Also works on invisible laser mice.
I organized my Altoids
How the faces almost line up
Eating dinner at my restaurant and caught this cutie photo bombing.
This exit sign that doesn't care which way you go.
Pubert is a lie!
The way my house keychain DIDN’T touch the floor when I dropped them
Cozy toilets
A baby clementine grew within my normal clementine
Nemo and his black brother
A babushka-shaped tissue
I filled the 50000th water bottle at the water fountain at my dorm
The entrance of this storage facility is a giant cardboard box
The chip in this table looks like a fish
This pyropet she finally let me set alight
One of my chickens laid an egg but couldn't pinch it off properly.
This rivet standing up at my work
My dog smiles like a quokka
This chip with and abnormal amount of seasoning
Y’all probably know about those tiny plastic babies, but today I found a tall one on my bus.
That’s some serious heat.
I have the exact boots shown in the product photo.
My cat has two pink toes and two black toes
Get in loser, we’re going to PetCo
This fondue/restaurant table alone on top of a mountain I found while skiing
I made a bow from a dishwasher rack I found abandoned by the roadside, an exercise band and some clothes line. Think it turned out pretty swell [OC]
Interesting day at the dump.
Found this in California Adventure
North America in garlic mayonnaise.
Bartending
North America in garlic mayonnaise.
Map of the oldest company in (almost) every country
One of my Q-tips was made without both heads
My friend found this apple cider bottle with 2 caps
“They said I could become anything. So I became a pineapple.”
A very small bell pepper growing inside a larger one
This damaged socket from our oven (now replaced)
Found a wood grain woofer
Mine and another TA start our 8’s in different places
My neighbor was taking flowers on Valentine’s day
Didn't realize it, but my brother and his friends are geniuses.
Found two yolks in one egg
This double pickle my friend found in the jar this morning
Leopard gecko in the process of shedding. Looks like it has floppy dog ears
We eventually found out our selfie stick is also a tripod with a remote.
A cat yawning when it doesn't have his mouth fully open.
I dried some paint for fun
My stress cork
A rather large excess mini cheddar was in my packet.
My glasses are the definition of coke bottle glasses.
This icicle is intertwined with my fence
Wonderful to find this at a Shell™, in Finnish Lapland, where Corona has been reported, riiiiiiight next to Santa Park, a very popular tourist trap among including but not limited to; the Chinese.
Found twins?
A man blows fire into a dragon shape
Don’t ask science
This stretched out chocolate pretzel (left)
No label on this new tin of dog food
Age is not important in love :)
I shrunk a marshmallow in my engineering class.
My chicken tendy looks like a sea turtle.
Inside a dollar store power bank :) only costs $4 and works great
The paw in my dogs bowl looks like a little pig
La Rioja, Argentina is opposite the globe from Wuhan, China
Gary Mckinnon - The Man Who Hacked Into The Army, The Navy, The Airforce, The Department Of Defense And Nasa..... amongst other things (Interview Link In Comments)
My lil dwarf hamster chip eating a strawberry 🍓 💞 ( my girlfriend wrote the caption in the video🙄)
This Jurassic park jeep
This log looks like the tragedy mask
In the bottom of Harry’s razor blades there is a wooly mammoth. He says Hi!
The close up design of school chairs
This nail popping out of my wall looks like an eye
My friend's bruise after getting hit with a ball. The blood under the skin has been travelling in the direction of gravity. Impact site is on his shoulder.
After wooden dog here comes cheese dogo
Thank me later.
My grey placemat colored using "cotton pixels"
Long line outside Costco in California due to Coronavirus fears
My chipped nail polish kind of looks like a scorpion
It's that time of the year where you get cool free spiky hubcaps
The Church of Scientology Headquarters. Where converts get sent for their “training”
These long grapes
These long grapes
A gas station near me has a bait vending machine.
The way the snow melted outside of the shadows
This nail popping out from my wall kinda looks like an eye
The holes in the swiss cheese gives the cow on the package eyes
35,000 feet above New York
Ohio weather: 3 days, nearly a 40° spread.
My sister added herself and the family dog to a bar photo I took with my buddies
This bug matches my counters.
This wrinkley egg
My grandma clips the chips onto the fridge
NSFW This lady at the thrift shop I volunteer for had a clitoris ring made out of sterling silver.
My dead flowers form Valentine's day regrowing and still trying to live
A heart shaped potato chip
Sign says “use toothpicks to press buttons” due to Coronavirus. Seoul, South Korea
This ornamented bottle of Coca-Cola
This old Radio Shack ad
my butter looks like a dinosaur
is it just me or is that jimi hendrix in my friends blind?
My bag of Skittles had 17 orange, 11 red/yellow/green, 10 purple
This heart shaped tree stump I saw on the quayside at low tide
To the other dog found in the desk. Who's a wood boy?
Weather Damage made this sign have cooler font
All the snow melted, except for the footprints
Woke up with a backwards 2 on my leg, it took me too long to figure out where it came from.
The strange shape of an fire alarms reflectors.
Double yoked egg! I'll take some good luck!
What are the odds?
My school painted these doors like Pokéballs.
A hole in my wall projects a perfect image of the outside
Just wrote the perfect “n”
My wedding band has smoothed out the lines on the inside of my ring finger
This snake’s spine
Sine art in the math wing of my school
Found this seated liberty dime from 1858 while I was metal detecting. The detail is absolutely amazing after all these years. You can even see her eye!!
Thank me later.
A wizard-looking napkin
The urinals in the washroom at the 106th grey cup festival
Natural History Museum UK - The paint on this picture showing earthquake fault lines has worn off where people have been pointing out where their country is.
Bright sun halo in paraguay
Trespassing only permitted before 6 PM
Double sun halo in paraguay
Acorns telling me not to freak out about the record market drop when I logged in.
Bus clock getting swallowed by a hedge fence
These are not the droids you’re looking for
This is jerry, he lives in our break room at work. I've never seen him move
This stain on the table in the shape of a goldfish.
Pizza oven made of a filing cabinet.
These 2 pieces of tobacco that fell on the bar landed such that it made a bear-like face
Butt shaped potato
Pencil Made Out of Recycled Papar
A hay “tornado” because of hard wind
My home page ...
A new candidate for “Don’t say anything, just like if you know what it is”
Gamerscore hit 11111 yesterday
My dad made a fruit bowl entirely out of wood. He's working on the grapes
My period started in my sleep and wrote El
Decal on a garbage can in SLC still remains from the 2002 Olympics.
New feature I saw on google while searching for meme formats.
This house in Hoover Beach, Hamburg, NY after a blizzard yesterday
The Difference Between My Brother’s Old And New Work Boots
The way this coconut oil cooled in a ramekin after frying plantains
The way this hubcap froze while driving
This toy toy I found at Walmart.
A statue of Priapus, god of the huge penis, of gardens and fecundity, at the Ephesus Archaeological Museum in Izmir, Turkey.
Reached this odometer reading as I parked
My rubber became sun bleached after months of it sitting on the window sill
The way the sun projects my house number from the glass door.
Pattern of melted snow on my car hood this morning
Pattern of melted snow on my car good this morning
Folder color bleached away by the sun after 6 years next to a window
A comparison to the Coronavirus.
Coronavirus comparison.
Me and my SO but its only the proportions
the wallpapers on our computers at UNI
The difference between a north facing yard and a south facing yard during Colorado winter.
I think almost everyone was collecting something in their childhood... well... I was kinda weird...
My cat is plotting to take over the world.
This keep Cherokee with wood side panels
I put a sticky note to remind me to brush my teeth since I have a bad habit of not doing it. It fell off but it still works
An interesting title please ban me
I found a slut in a treehouse. Sluts love treehouses
The lamp made it look like the skull was wearing a hat
This Building Block in the Netherlands
The two faces Linda look like a wide pug
A young Charlie Murphy in Snoop Doggy Dogg's "Murder Was The Case" video (1994).
This weird toilet seat I found at a theme park bathroom.
This thrift store uses excess and mismatch cards as tags.
Statue in poland that looks like Darth Vader
Thank me laterr.
How my union school packaged their avocados today.
Just realized if I live to 80, I'll see my country turn 300.
The difference between old and new fry oil in the fast food restaurant I work at.
This is my drive home from work in Hawaii
These red blood cells I found look slightly like a penis
An interesting title
This chip that looks like Pac-Man
Crow hopped as picture was taken
Two oranges and their reflections
This whale made of wire to keep beaches free of plastic. Puerto Madryn, Argentina
Car with interesting license plate
Missed 42069 but I like this better anyway
My step-sister has the perfect butthole
My cactus has a little cactus growing on top of it.
Airless bike tire will never go flat
A world map of the oldest business/company in each country still in business today.
This new £20 note. It's just like the other pound notes now.
A pikachu Tesla I spotted today on my way to work
This picture of my cat
I took a macro photo of this tiny, golden moth hanging out on a glass railing
Wet floor signs in the shape of Bananas. Bristol Airport, England
A cop car with a parking ticket
Bathroom problem at Tractor Supply
Stick on exhaust pipes because racing stripes and speed holes on hood!
The way this primer dried in this bucket
This clock at my work jumps in 4 second intervals.
Photo brought to you from some alternate universe?
This is a Croatian man named Frane Selak. He has been dubbed both the luckiest and unluckiest man alive. He has survived 7 accidents that were fatal to many others including a plane crash in which he was ejected from a malfunctioning door only to land in a large hay stack which saved him.
At the Musk (Islamic prayer room)
Never Seen An Artificial Skylight Before
This map of the oldest company in every country.
The sun is reflecting off the windows of my house and melting parallel lines into the snow.
This piece of abstract art has a hidden dog in it
10 years of LG cell phones
My muffin this morning had no liner and was smooth
I finished my rainbow Zentangle designs.
Get your ash in Church today!
The branch broke above this FJ and is hanging on by the tree lights.
Guy gets signed jersey by basketball player
Why would a sign required?
Freaky rock skull my Dad found on a beach years ago
The different colors of paint on the NYC subway pillars over the years.
I found a lizard eating a moth
This bar code on a box of tea bags!!
This flower looks like outer space
This information packet
The way the butter made this little curls
My sister's kid's self portrait vs my kid's self portrait
I own a Duff Beer can.
this mario clip i found
This mini bouquet of “roses” I made out of Babybel cheese wax wrappers
mario clip
Beijing pizza delivery comes with the body temperature of everyone that touched your pizza
This wood grain on my desk that looks like a dog
I spilt my coffee this morning and Kevin was there with perfect timing (redux).
Gum through the washer and dryer
My dad found these 2 owls sitting in a tree in the middle of the day
Jaw hardware on my tooth xray
My orange has a scar
3 long ones and 3 short one. (Apologise for my camera quality :)
My hot chocolate after I blew into it to cool it down (heart shaped)
My dentist's office also has a display of how much sugar is in common drinks. The second item made me wonder what's actually in those bags though.
The Cheshire cat peeking in and out of Google today because of Sir John Tenniel, the illustrator of Alice In Wonderland.
Bought shoes at Burlington and didn't notice this until today.
This bird poop on my windshield looks like a man getting shot in the head
This bell pepper has a bell pepper inside
This shoe print has turned to ice on the sidewalk.
This spaghetti after being let out for a day.
Our Psychology class has been using this brain model alot lately, so we gave it a name, Brian.
I spilt my coffee this morning and Kevin was there with perfect timing.
In the US, only 55% believe that unequal wealth distribution is bad for society - lowest of all surveyed markets
Beret I found cleaning an amphibious assault berthing area 25 years ago.
I was eating apple jacks when I found the yellow one
How the snow on the hood of this car melted after it was turned on for a bit
This tree that looks like a brain
Someone turned around in my driveway and it looks like hearts.
Steel penny I came across in circulation(left)
Sheldon Cooper is one of us
Un-mown grass in a cage next door.
A mashroom is growing rigth next to a peyote. Nice
My cats sleep in a perfect heart shape
Double Rainbow after heavy rain here in Brazil
Wife bought a shirt at goodwill. It took a full day and our 8 year old daughter to realize it had Violet from “The Incredibles” on it.
Toilet paper holder playing tic tac toe.
This circle that formed in my coffee mug
Wife bought a shirt at good. It took a full day and our 8 year old daughter to realize it had Violet from “The Incredibles” on it.
Wife bought a shirt at good. It took a full day and am 8 year old to realize it had Violet from “The Incredibles” on it.
This ‘use by’ date.
At our school cafetaria, no-one ever wants the receipt. So the cafetaria lady put the paper in a loop to limit paper waste.
My friend dropped a paint lid. The result looks like a brain scan.
Fidget Spinner Pen
I dont know if this belongs here, but army and polic in iraq started taping nails on flash grenades against protestors to have "burst" effect
An almost perfectly dry circle around the bucket catching a leak
The tray printer started to run out of ink
While building a LEGO Brickheadz figure, I noticed they included a pink brick that represents the brain. Otherwise, it’s unseen when you complete the head assembly.
The result of placing two spotlights over a sign for a coffee machine
A message on the packaging of this lip balm
My plants growing towards the sunlight in my laundry room
My friends shadow looks like a roast chicken..
This empty sealed pepper packet
Broken Rubiks Cube on a kerb.
My charger cable’s USB plugs in both ways
This house became a radio tower
The sunlight through holes of my door reflecting into my bedroom's wall.
This guy bought 2 karts full with energy drinks...
Local mural in Wilmington, NC. Probably a bit taller than 15 ft.
My brother's bag got suntanned
Came across this interesting family pic
Reddits AI/algorithm for viewing content put these frogs one after the other.
These are actual KitKats that exist, I’ve never seen any store have them other than my local cvs. The entire thing is one long stick of KitKat
You can get a cube of pure fat as a flavor enhancer for your steak
A Korean news program actually filming on top of a building and not using a green screen
When the struggle is too much ...
We got this accidentally wizard-shaped napkin in the office. Maybe some sign in this?
A single white blood cell among numerous red blood cells, showing the vast difference in their numbers
These Star Wars themed prescription eyeglasses
A truck towing a truck x4
These PlayStation playing cards and the case they come in
A single atom (Strontium ion) visible to the naked eye
One of the waffles came without a side, showing the inside
Conjoined gummy bears
This cat has another cat on its face
Search by new on the r/all, brings up a lot of the same picture of Bernie Sanders.
Pluto was still a planet when this playground was built.
Messed up this fudge and it looks like fried chicken
These tracks left by small rodents in my garden.
Snail eggs from differently sized adults of the same species (Archachatina Marginata Ovum)
Someone had all the failed presidential candidates bumperstickers on their car
the reflection of my pen on the desk
This is a Jellyfish called Turritopsis nutricula. It's an immortal creature who dies and then regenerates itself back to the beginning. Damn that's lit!
The way this villager house generated ( i swear I didn't touch it, I found it while building in creative)
Found this lil guy on my scarf today
Found a box of coins of different currencies that belongs to my dad
Forklift forking forklift
The way the candle ignites a lighter
My toothpaste came out like a tiny dick
This pen says how many pages it has left
The Outlook app hasn't coded in leap years. Tomorrow has neither day or date. Happy blank birthday Hannah...
Man is hot
Burger place door handles look like spatulas
This milk jug still has the flap from manufacturing
This paw has a paw
we have a pond in our living room
uhh this will get deleted
Crazy pattern on this piece of wood that fell off a tree
My coffee cup after leaving it out for a few days...
These two similar looking photos
a bird crashed into my window leaving a perfect mark
a bird crashed into my window leqving a perfect mark
The people in my town know how to party
Just by accident. 3.. 2.. 1.....
Someone has an addiction
Train timetable display showing raw XML.
This water droplet that froze when it was about to drop
Got a brand new wiffle ball. Smacked it once.
A seed fell in and sprouted on my shower drain filter
This weird rock I found while digging some sand.
A gun that was found underwater by my Dad in Albenga, Italy
SUBARU sticker from the back reads as “UR A BUS”
My oddly shaped jelly-bean!
My collection of fire alarms
These long Chinese eggplants.
This penny has a hole through Lincoln's head.
This tree that had cement fused inside while the outside changes to grass
My windshield this morning
This lamp post shadow that looks like a skull
The pop-top on this can
This bottle of milk was filled to the brim
The veins of this sweet potato
The way this glitter spilt
Baskin Robin's locking up ice cream cakes in the Bronx
People on subway platform and bench looking at their phones
A guy trying to charge his smartphone at an electric vehicle charging station
A watch and accessories set to go along with it
A white service truck
My best friend's food art
this minigolf hole
A guitar that let's you swap pickups on the fly
Someone wrote a pornstar's name on our test regarding Sex Education
A feather from my pet parakeet somehow managed to stick into my shirt while in the drier.
A tattoo my friend got on his leg of a penguin
This ice cube came out of the container looking like it's ready to kill something
This root has been polished after years of being stepped on
The negative side of this battery sticks out instead of being flush
The last picture I took of my house after an electrical fire. The fireman looking down at the ground looks like a spirit
The ring reflections our candle is making
These butter cups fit perfectly in my headphone ear pieces
My insurance provider (U.S.) offers interpretation services in Pennsylvania Dutch. There is a separate section for High German speakers
My boyfriend’s soda straw blew its own bubble
Multi color reflection in lens coatings.
I happened to look up the patent for this can opener at my parent’s house to try to figure out how old it is and by coincidence the patent expired today.
Someone had all the failed presidential candidates bumperstickers on their car
Coronavirus cases sorted by country. The diamond princess is a cruise ship that was sailing through international waters.
Chewing gum and peeled almond are of the same colour!
My top cookie has a chocolate Africa on it
Beef Jerky, Anyone?
Found someone had accidentally torn the wrapping, ending up making it say this: Extra T H I C (C)
Moving Toys @ Restaurant
I've been having fun creating custom Snoos for people recently
NOT MADE IN CHINA, probably will see this more.
I opened Reddit while on FaceTime and it made the logo look kind of evil
Water residue shaped like the letter G
NOT MADE IN CHINA, probably will start to see more of this now.
A smiley face formed in my campfire
People who park like this
My brother's wallet worn out so much that It changed color (He always wears Crimson Jeans.)
My Easter egg dropped and created this...
This straight banana my sister found
This tree fell and it’s limbs live on as 2 new trees.
Found after my shower
Found Edgar Allen Poe's final resting place while stretching my legs in Baltimore.
My apps lined up to look kinda like some weird glasses on my gf
A corner toilet.
Found a heart on the ground today!
Took my dogs for a walk at the park today. Noticed this heart on the ground!
Have you ever seen a tree growing out of another tree before?
This aquarium has Braille and you can feel the fish
In-n-out burger puts various hotlines on their to go bags.
All the snow melted except for the footprints
Banana with a Pearl Earring
My new washer has a handwash program
Banana with a Pearl Earrings
I look a great deal like Anthony Rapp of Star Trek: Discovery.
The drink that I am drinking made a perfect orange circle offer the top half, I think ( it does not look like this normally cause these are the ICE drinks
Environmentally friendly alternative to Styrofoam packing peanuts
this cat with permanently dilated eyes
A spider somehow got into this gas pump LCD screen and died
I got the human centipede of gummy bears
This is what you get when you search for a "ninja" emoji. Nice hidden TMNT refference haha
Winter Magic
This lamp at my hotel looks like a smash ball
Shrek is in my Math textbook
This pleases me.
My tots are tetris shaped.
The bottom of my Oreo is upside down
This panorama fail in my local paper which is read by almost 1.75 crore (17.5 million)people.
Thank you Panda Express for my Fortune Cookie
The bottom of my Oreo is upside down
This bar has swings!
This CocaCola 2 liter with a pointy top
The way my watch face reflects light onto the wall
The dive bar I went to tonight had wooden sinks
Found an onion in a box of kitchen stuff that I forgot in my girlfriend's garage for 2 months
Some of my scoop chips were not a scoop
My cake day is in 5 days
This Raising Cane’s cup shows a shadow of a paw
This Raising Cane’s cup shows a paw
These stats.
A totally gray muscovy duck
Well, I hit 100,000 text notifications on my phone
The way I peeled the kiwi started to look like a dinosaur egg
This guy I met at the grocery store had his pet turkey with him
This scab on my hand kind of looks like a sheep.
This string on the ground that looks like someone kicking a ball.
This rope made from diapers
This Huge lemon banana for size
a stay of execution for these two -
“Gatorade Ten” Why does this drink have 10 calories in the larger bottle and zero calories in the small bottle?
the name “reddit” comes from the latin verb “reddō,ere,reddidī,redditum” which means to give or to give back.
Apparently we should have applied for this position a century ago and it won’t even start for another 6 months!
My friend eats apples from the top down
the word “reddit” comes from the latin word “reddō,ere,reddidī,redditum” which means to give.
Err.... What bank again?
A post about Danny DeVito being an actor in a high school followed by a post about a middle school locker being a shrine to Danny DeVito
A huge leaf in my driveway. Foot for scale (size 9.5)
Pedestrian railroad crossing
The perfect split time that my wife paused this show to tell me something.
This drain tells you where it's water goes !
They used to put jugs of milk in this to help pour them....
My sock left an imprint of the logo on my ankle
An absolutely massive chocolate chip
The way this hammer landed on the paint can when it fell from a shelf
Found this fish while I was mining. Think he's a little lost.
This cool chain background I made
This train station with a “platform 2 1/2”
An outdoor ashtray painted like a cigarette
$4 worth of fruits and veggies, inner Argentina, today
$4 worth of fruits and veggies, inner Argentina, today
My great grandma’s plate was left in filth for 20+ years but a cup sitting on top left a perfect clean circle
The items on my dresser cast a shadow that looks like two people having a sword fight.
This gigantic citrus
Individually wrapped jelly beans
I feel like my bag is judging me
The cast of this porno
Yes, I like to take shelter in a locker during a hurricane
Ever see a clownfish yawn?
This perfect T I drew during math class
A fighter pilot on vacation
Sketch of an english colonist taking a selfie
This tiny E clip
Rice Paddy art in Japan
This all wooden Monopoly board I found
Turkish street gang
This UPC code has been made into an illustration of a tractor
A huge odd shaped strawberry
Inside circuitry of a CFL bulb.
Walked by this high rise the other day. Uhhh what?
The way that the shadow of my bed falls on my guitar
Piano pencil sharpener
Saw this corvette towing a smaller corvette behind it today.
The grease duct I’m welding looks like the set of a 90’s alt music video
These icicles hanging from a roof
I got 2 fortunes in my fortune cookie (nearly)
This water bottle cap
Same tree but in different seasons
This wall in Grenada missing a single brick.
Same tree but 5 different seasons
My local Asian market has some of the biggest carrots I’ve ever seen.
This see-through leaf we found on a hike
A power line disguised as a palm tree even equipped with fake coconuts
My brother got an ice cream and it actually looked like how its supposed to.
Walking to the store after an ice storm and found some reverse footprints
My ice cream cone came with an ice cream cone inside
The Wuhan Prediction from 1981
This tomato paste can with an extra label.
The way my friend peels her tangerines
This ultimate oyster cracker
This painted mailbox
A mysterious and rare double fortune cookie
The way the ice froze on my Hubcap
My brother flicked the light switch and it balanced between up and down.
My brother flicked the light switch and it balanced between up and down.
I got a $5 bill that has BLUE ink printed the right sides’ seal and serial number. Can’t find any info. Misprint maybe?
The way the ice froze my tire
I Created This Rubik’s Cube Mosaic of Albert Einstein
“Throw it away” spelled backwards on the inside of this toothpaste cap.
This (possibly) 115-year-old cornet I found in my band room storage area that still plays surprisingly well.
Deformed pack of flame-grilled steak I got [next to regular pack]
This soy sauce has four labels attached to it
No editing - just some weird effect with an iPhone 7 camera and overexposure
This potato chip looks like a butthole.
This potato chip looks like a butthole.
Mark on the tarmac after some rain
I found this long pretzel
Guy on bus has the same sweatshirt design as my sweatpants
Potato with a butt!
This truck full of cereal
This interesting watch my friend designed for a class
My computer science teacher is tired of us losing the bathroom pass, so he tied a mouse to it.
This double tootsie roll I found
Saw this on my walk home today
Ten million gallon storage tank of cave-sourced water for ALL Jack Daniels whiskey production.
These LEGO instructions show a LEGO guy building LEGOs.
Famous Belgian beer Duvel has a special surprise on every 1 in a thousand bottles. The normal logo (right) gets replaced by an angel and devil (left).
This comment with the maximum amount of replies
I accidentally matched really well with Pikachu.
Guys license plate says hes 9,315 years old
My pear had just a single stripe of green left.
Found some work by the “house poet” at a knocked down house
This reflection in a lake by Doll's Head Trail
I smashed the shell of this coconut to smithereens without breaking the coconut itself in the process.
This shop offers coffee discounts for being mannerly
My great great uncle carved mushrooms
My cat, Timmy, has a heart on his paw.
Of all the graffiti someone could do
This Rolls Royce logo is not spinning with the wheel
North-face clearly cooler than the South-face. (Colorado Springs)
The freezing slush on my wife's wheel wells.
My grandma kept a checklist of Christmas cards she's sent since 1969
The Dude Abides. Green Top at it again.
Coffee shop bill added up to 420.
An old VS new clear phone case from wearing nothing but khakis.
This rudder wheel found in the back corner of my shop.
One of my Oreo is made in reverse
a heart-shaped mushroom
My great great uncle carved mushrooms. When Norman Rockwell asked him why he didn’t paint he supposedly replied “anyone can paint.”
These Doritos in Germany.
Some ice sickles formed on these twigs after the gutter broke
The Dude Abides All hail Green Top Grocery.
The shadow from the barrier lines up perfectly with the line
This perfect imprint a paper towel made on my plate
Resemblance?
Rotary cell phone
My chopsticks are lighsabers
I got these glasses which turn any sort of light into dreidels
When you keep a stash of ketchup packets in the refrigerator and find an old McDonald ketchup packet design from the early 2000s.
Barnacles on tooth
Parking for the Amishs' horses and buggies at local library.
This bayonet looks like a bear
Resemblance affinity closeness coincidence comparison kinship parallel likeness look-alike parity ringer sameness semblance simile similitude birds of a feather carbon copy like of peas in a pod spitting image Xerox alikeness analogy carbon clone comparability conformity counterpart double facsimile
4 Hostess cupcakes from the same box. One of the 4 has a skinny icing pattern.
The way the snow stacked on top of the handle.
The way these soda bottles stay in place
This tile on my wall looks like it's a horse
Pharmacy table in Vienna.
These two leaning cans of Pepsi on a school table.
Well hey there little fellah!
My beer has a "Best After" date
This large strawberry
Bananas give off radiation
Caught a Pikachu with zigzag ear tips in Pokémon GO after he appeared in a snapshot.
I am a 14 year old kid who has an interest in fire alarms
A flight of Army and Coast Guard helicopters flew over my house just now
This wierd cheese ball that looks like a chip!
The way I cut this mini pizza looks like the Smash ball
I got a brand new roll of quarters. Every one is exactly the same
Threw my practice-knot tyin’ rope on the sofa and it made an almost perfect “&amp;” sign
This is a photo where everything looks familiar but it’s hard to identify anything that’s in it
This restaurant has mouthwash in the bathrooms
Chia seeds look like mini snake eggs
Trivia game now outdated because of Batfleck
This oddly long fry that looks much shorter than irl
My wife was asked to update the company white board, I’m a proud husband!
Choose Your Own Adventure: Pass or Suicide
When an indie game dev grows up with weird 80's dark fantasy and Zelda
This black and clear acrylic chess board I made on a reversible quilted mat.
The “sell by” date on my sourdough bread
Mother in-law put fresh corn in a flower vase.
The self aware fortune cookie
Water drops on a cage/fence caught in the sun
My professor casually passed around Uranium in class.
the stack of CDs I had collecting dust is now stuck together
I found a potato heart!
This weather change in just 6.5 hours in my city today!
response to the heart shaped potato, this week I saw a heart shaped bbq chip!
There a forever alone face in my shower
Vampirish/wolfish yellow-green eyed girl with gray limbal ring. Yellow-green eyes that belong to a cat.
This house in a suburban neighborhood designed to look like an industrial building
Sweet Potato or Baby Walrus?
This bubble tea shop using the reddit logo
Two customers with the exact same total just a minute apart...
This intentionally shattered glass gives a window an interesting appearance
Several months after buying my house, I discovered that our windows aren't even "real."
Apple with an apple on it
I see your potato heart and submit my own for consideration of cuteness
Behind my math book, theres a recipe how to make rice and beans in Portuguese.
This stuffed animal cat has an x for a butthole.
This Pretzel Is A Weird Shape
Not sure if this has been here before, but, royal cock.
The year is 2020 and I still get spam by FAX *constantly*
The pattern of ice on good of my car
One bean edaname
These chicken eggs filled with chocolate
It leaked out overnight
The way my palms creases are on these blisters.
My classmate's painted airpod case.
"Levitating" cup I got to make at workshop about polymers at local university.
This wine has Braille inlaid into its label. (Belleruche - M. Chapoutier ‘16)
Kangaroos hopping past my window this morning.
This toilet seat has a little flap to raise and lower it
A sculpture of a tired traveler
I quit smoking over a year ago but the evidence remains
A realistic sculptor of a tired traveller
Remember the toilet? This shower, still in use, hasn't been cleaned for just over two years?
This random clean rectangle that appeared in the middle of years of graffiti, under my house Rome (viewed from the side because from the front it looks photoshopped)
A creepy correct prediction about the Corona virus
This Baby Salt Shaker
Bathroom signs at wine bar using wine glass for Women and bottle for Men
My sister who lives in Michigan made a squad of snow ducks
The lotion i put on made my hand hydrophobic
The unsettling way the sawdust settled on this vacuum hose
The dirt in this AC unit made a swastika
This clear pistol magazine that shows how the bullets are oriented
The unsettling way this sawdust settled onto our vacuum hose
A toilet used daily but left uncleaned for just over two years.
The water level has risen so much this bridge is now underwater
This tape roll overheated during shipping and bent upward
Cool movie poster art
Three chicken popcorns got stuck together to form a heart shape
My cat has a perfect spot on his belly
The way the shiny parts of this pick have rubbed off and look like rust
This half melted candle wax (toothpick inserted to show better)
I found this vending machine in Japan which uses a ninja for instructions
When you get too many tabs google chrome replaces it with a smiley :)
The impact of fingers on the trackpad.
Apparently there's a job market for appetizers.
This hotel sign kind of looks like a Trump sticker.
Someone ordered Dominos to the Palace of Versailles... i Wonder which wing it’s delivering to
This Uber driver has a notebook of "Rider's Secrets." Basically, passengers can write down their worst secrets anonymously, as well as read other previous passengers' secrets. (This is a friend's OC)
My bag of chips had a solid nugget of seasoning
This red orange looks like someone just added red coloring into it
My chocolate bar had 2 layers of foil
This contrail casting a shadow on the thin layer of cloud below it
These fingerprints on the ceiling at work
This carrot looks like a sassy model
The color variations of used lightbulbs
The infinite Nilla wafers packaging
when you scroll out on a post
This "heart" nut
One of my paprika flavored chips looks kinda like a heart
The wafer in my kit kat was inserted sideways
My monster is red when directly looked at but when looked at a certain angle it’s green. Photo doesn’t quite capture it.
These two water droplets didn't fall through the crack
Interesting warning sticker I found on a commercial truck
Today on 2/27 at 2:07 my phone was at 72%
My chicken was shaped like a heart
I saw this truck on the way to another one
The layers of snow pressed up against my window
This interesting looking potato that is NSFW
Pacman Crisp
The way my friend eats Oreo minis and milk.
The rainbow the light makes as it shines through the crack in the glass door.
Someone's cousin found this STD coverered nutsack potato.
This laundry machine’s sticker makes it look like a turntable
Ran out of ink mid printing.
There was a ~15 mile wide swath of snow in western Kansas. The affected area received 6 to 10 inches, and the outlying areas received none.
The wolf's mouth opens to act as a clasp. (and my thumb is double jointed)
This baby food jar has dates around the top so you know when the food was opened.
This tiny truck
This claw machine where your prize is a bundle of tickets.
This stain on my table
My Lyft driver keeps a tiny notebook in the backseat for riders to jot down their secrets anonymously. An entertaining read!
This bathroom sign in a Thai restaurant
Distichiasis (Double Eyelashes). Those tiny lashes that grows on the inner edge of my eyelids and poke/irritate my eyes (thus the redness). It also grows outside the lashline and near the tear duct. Been dealing with this for 25 years. lol
The locker I keep my cleaning supplies in at work has a badge that says Aurora Illinois (lemme know if you get the reference)
My instant rice meal came with a spork that requires assembly.
I bought White oreo
My local pet store sells chicken harnesses
Distichiasis (Double Eyelashes). Tiny eyelashes that grows on the inner edge of my eyelids and poke/irritates my eyes (thus the redness). It also grows outside the lashline and near the rear duct. Been dealing with this for 25 years. Look at this mess! lol
If you search up "askew" in Google, your page will be crooked
This phone in my house predates the 9-1-1 emergency system
School bus picture has a hidden doge in a red hat
School bus picture has a hidden doge in a red has
My bell pepper had a sprout in it
This cow that got stuck in the feeder somehow
This was the heart shaped potato my parents found last summer!
Bought property, found this in hole.
These boxes match up with each other
A love heart potato
These fern-like patterns on electro-corroded copper
A potato shaped like a love heart ❤️❤️
My friend in Japan found a Salty Watermelon Pepsi
This shovel trick
Gandalf makes an appearance at the bicycle zone at a Decathlon in Poland
This lil happy guy on the back of Samsung washing machines.
The escalator handrails. This escalator goes down to the green and yellow lines
Now that reg plate is a good enough reason to buy a Skoda.
Your Old Games don't look as pretty as the used to because they were designed for CRT screens
Romanian news channel empties supermarket shelf for Corona virus story
I need a Karen to speak to a manager for my missing three crackers
Morse Code bracelet. It says badass. Gift from a friend.
Thank me later.
I found a smaller egg inside my egg
Laptop battery doesn't work, but it tries so hard not to disappoint when plugged in. 255% battery
So My Friend Got Suspended For Glove Torcher-
People in my neighbourhood have stopped using plastic bags and are instead using edible spray paint to mark dog poo so people don’t step in it while it degrades naturally.
People in my neighbourhood have stopped using plastic bags and are instead using edible spray paint to mark dog poo so people don’t step in it while it degrades naturally.
My son has 3 hair swirls
Fortune Cookie Company Throwing Shade
My plastic fork had a nub (not broken)
Two trees grew together; cut made an S
The red algae growing in Antarctica makes it look like there is blood . (Image credit: Andriy Zotov)
This boiled egg has a hole in it
How much LEGO Chandler Bong looks like actual Chandler Bong
Ficktjuv is pickpocket in swedish
My upstairs room in my school has a wall that separates both room this is it without the wall separating both of them (the wall folds into the right of the wall when not in use)
My girlfriend’s asparagus
The way this dripping water froze on my shovel.
McDonald's Misheard "Grilled Chicken Wrap" as "Chicken Fillet" and This is What I Got
Biggest Brussels sprout I’ve ever encountered.
No bread, so made peanut butter banana sandwich with hot dog bun.
Thank me later.
My fitted sheets have tags that tell you which way they go.
The restaurant we were at gave us a phone charging station, that had entrys to iphone and android
My dentist office openly displays their guest wifi password for anyone who walks by, but also makes it as difficult as possible to enter. As if it's a secret password.
Today I realized that my cake day is exactly one week until my real birthday. Meme unrelated.
Found this field of golfballs while taking some car photos. (There was no one playing there at the time)
Saw a cute dirt Totoro yesterday
JK Rowling named a character ‘Wakanda’ on page 254 of Deathly Hallows.
Nail polish bottle has a swatch of the colour attached to the bottle so you can see how the colour looks on you.
Both the eggs I cracked had double yolks
The perfect fit of this Apple sauce in a cup
Buddhist statue that looks like Peter Griffin
Close up of the underside of a wild mushroom.
The sun warmed up the dark letters on this street sign, melting the snow on the back
Me and the other students who sit at this desk have been communicating with each other the past week
Why didn't this tree lose all of its leaves this winter?
the apple emoji for fries has an android/twitter smile on it
"Thermal runaway event on board" a United Airlines flight diverted to Daytona Beach Airport
This bottle of water clearly explains what pH is and the level of Alkaline
4 screens stand converted in a AT-AT on less than 1 minutes.
The mascot mural at my uni has a camera as an eye.
The future soldier on my sci fi book looks like James Franco
This discrete (integrated) circuit board
Creepy alien baby that was in my piece of King Cake. Good luck?!?!?
My pineapple icecream comes in a real pineapple
[OC] Everytime I eat this goat cheese, it reminds me of the Kodama from Princess Mononoke.
The sparks from this plasma cutter
The 1/2 varigation on this pothos leaf.
Big ass screw has yet to be inserted
This city bike rack cut into logs
I reconstructed a rodent skeleton from an owl pellet for my vertebrate anatomy class. The skull is likely from a rat, and the skeleton is probably a mouse
This "Bill Cosby talks to kids about drugs" vinyl album.
Cereal comes in two bags
This illusion gave me a headache
water evaporating off this car
Lizard on table edge
The ceiling mount for a light looks somewhat like a man with a mustache.
water evaporating from this car
Bird: hey that me, am I famous
This mini smoke detector
After a shower I can bend my nail backwards
These bushes that grew around a rock covered drain pipe.
This tiny sink
Double rainbow in Chicago on I-90
Where is the seven?
This cookie has only one chocolate chip in it
These stripes give this egg a natural Easter decoration.
My cars odometer turned to boobs today!
This beaker from my school was made in West Germany
This bottle of wine
This stop sign has lower case letters
This wine
This transport van using a mixer whisk as an antenna
Noticed my cups lid to be a little thicker than normal.. turns out i got two cups in one
My sister's cat has 2 extra toes on one paw
I tossed a key onto my nightstand and...
My Play-Doh Formed Crystals Instead of Drying
The wearing of the pictures on these graves ends up making a skull pattern
In 1987 Dean Koontz predicted the coronavirus in his book The Eyes of Darkness
In 1987 Dean Koontz predicted the coronavirus in his book The Eyes of Darkness
Snails can sit to ceilings - this one slimmed up through my window.
My local Urgent Care has privacy glass in each room where patients can flip a switch to be visible
Banana on a banana
The way the glaze pooled in my ceramic piece
February 30 milk
U.S. culture and politics summed up by tag on pop-up canopy outside today’s set.
Brown is just a shade oforange
Hands under a blacklight
The frost on this car looks like mountains
The amount of comments on this post about Pence
This chapel made of almost all wood.
This R2D2 Humidifier I bought.
This picket under the microscope at work looks like an angry elephant
The way my tea seperated into layers creating a nice color gradient
This was a quarter that was run over by a train
The way the snow formed. Makes the neighborhood look quaint.
one of my aquarium plants started growing new little plants on top of the big plant!
Pee splatter has caused this vent to rust
Song about a hardly mildly interesting topic
What Mario looks like without his hat
My dad found this 58 cent toilet paper
Metal flower
My grandpa's hair is naturally going back to black at 84 years old
Yeager played Fred, Shepherd played Yeager, Glenn played Shepherd and Harris played Glenn
This Little Debbie's box that uses the Toy Story font.
I hitting stuff with my jazz drumming brush and noticed that the electro magnet in my computer is stronger that I thought. It can easily hold the whole brush there.
My hoodie stings have built-in earbuds
This random clean rectangle that appeared in the middle of years of graffiti, under my house Rome
The way the icy slush attached to hairy things on my tire.
This fire station inside a water tower (Haltom City, TX)
An exact 5 from my punching machine
Beating off in the Library
Looks like you need to be really busting before you're allowed to use these toilets.
These brand-confused condiments (mustard and ketchup).
Looks like you need to be really busting before you can use there toilets.
Do it!
So does the milk expire?
Thank me laterr.
This Pokemon Day sale has 151 items in it
Lift in Warsaw physics university has two 0's level
My cousin found this adorable heart shaped potato
The original Shrek, book form
You can buy a pickle in a bag for 50 cents at my school.
This ambulance keeps track of how many babies have been born inside it
LOOK ! The Deer which have 6 leg,s .
It's always interesting when deep sea life mimics what lives on land as in the case of the Venus flytrap sea anemone.
Cracks in the ground caused by underground longwall coal mining. Pipeline stripped out to prevent damage.
It's always interesting when deep sea life mimics what lives on land as in the case of the Venus flytrap sea anemone.
This store sells bread with the crust cut off
These stones that line a path in my school have a cylindrical hole cut out of them.
Scottish flag created by two aeroplanes in the Scottish Highlands
Perfectly sized hole in my porch railing for my dogs head
A book that was exposed to sunlight for years.
The shadow of the tree casting on the building makes it look like marble...
This post I found
I was just snacking in a car on my way to a vacation and I saw this. I mean I know cheez it, but cheez is is new to me “Maybe this could mean good luck”, my mom said
Bottom to top view of lighthouse
Thank me later...,
Just a snail snacking on the side of the tank
A gun that was found underwater in Albenga, Italy by my Dad
Got an oreo and it was put on the wrong way!
Chill room at a club in Melbourne called TR!P
My ice at mcdonalds today
My tarantula on the top of her tank
Honestly I had no idea...
Veins on my wrist are shaped like a heart
I got a bi-nana
First ever kit kat
First ever kit kat
My first question is who designed this wall paper? And second question is who bought it to hang up? Third question is, what does massif have to do with any of this?
These grapes that smell like cotton candy
got a rare twin yolk while i was cracking eggs this morning
"Good beard guide" for the epidemic from the CDC and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (in relation to facemask efficacy).
Ice in my house formed a blade of exile
My fifa score right now.
Earth's new moon
Someone put a traffic cone on the head of this statue
This lump on my ring finger caused by the way I've been holding my pen for the past 13 years.
I just threw my towel into my cupboard and it looks like a crossiont
The evolution of this church over time. Rebuilt once in 1430 and again in 1859 and you can see what was done.
Found a giant chocolate egg at Costco.
Found an untouched pi string in the maths block at school
This bench made from a digger scoop on my local greenway.
Hell has frozen over
This public exercise equipment that has a holster for your phone
This satsuma I peeled this morning had a mini one inside of it
On my way home...
This bluetack woman and dog I found at Woolworths
Hydrilla Plant, magnified 400×
Hydrilla Plant, magnified 400×
This 100% electric delivery truck from amazon
This lego typewriter
I made this and I think it's beautiful.
This clock with words only.
Someone made a subway map for the entire world
This cow looks like a cow with 2 heads
Don’t know if this belongs here but it’s interesting/awesome non the less
Singapore is handling the COVID-19 well with data transparency. There's a website here which tracks the outbreak of the virus, along with metrics such as age and gender breakdown etc.
This play equipment near a food court has a sign language alphabet and simple words for kids to learn.
here’s my weed under a microscope lookin all crazy
A BBQ Cooker Made by a Chelyabinsk’ “Handyman” In A Form of a Submarine M-60
This old man vacuuming his grass because of leaves.
We all know woof the real star here.
This Day ( Feb 27) two years ago (2018). Such a difference!
For all you four of eared people out there...
I was in the bathroom of this bar i’ve never been to before, and to my surprise it’s 100% Ryan Reynolds themed.
The way the down elevator button is worn out
A temporary handwashing station I saw at a bus stop today in South Korea.
This model I seen has nippeless breasts under her breasts like that’s crazy man
The way my cat lined her paws together
I got a sore wrist from typing etc. So I invented a thing.
I got a sore wrist from typing etc. So I invented a thing.
Las Vegas land values 2020 OMG
This Wood plank with a fly into it
This Wood plank was made with a fly body in it
Perfect bubble what formed on top of this cup.
Straw is neither plastic nor paper
‘Stop Walking’ light at pedestrian crossing is missing half its head
The two main grocery stores in the Chicagoland area both have the same brand of tuna and mac &amp; cheese, on sale this week, at heavily discounted prices.
You want a carbon steel pan, nice.
This nail salon that appears to have Hitler on the front door.
I broke my thumb this weekend snowboarding. Here is the X-ray.
Was cleaning my shower and found this little dude stuck to one of my hubs girlfriends. Felt sorry for him and he was released later to the backyard after getting unstuck.
This truck that reminded me of someone.
This mini pretzel stick inside my bag of pretzels
Got in the shower recently and my boxers liked what they saw.
I just noticed that the wooden box we use to store random things is over 200 years old
The way this chair base vibrates and sing
This house’s mailbox is a miniature model of itself
This toilet roll containing two tubes
The stem of a pepper cought on a sealed jar
The barcode for this drink is shaped like its bottle
Ever been to the toilet so hard that you left your soul behind?
Monks are included on priority seating signs in Thailand
The way the sun breaks through the digital screens
This mailbox
A sticker warning gas-pumpers about the dangers of static electricity
A most excellent comic book with a cool advertisement on the back.
This Un-Twisted Red Vine
This penny that makes a perfect fit in the bottom center circle of this cup.
My college has every Life magazine available in the library compiled into many omnibuses (not all pictured)
I feel as if someone is following this $1 coin. F
A frog shaped leaf I found
The skeleton of a Pekingese, a Chinese breed of dog closely related to wolves.
Dallas is living for it’s temporary Leaning tower.
These numbers in my work mailbox.
This elongated egg
My table number at the Restaurant I’m eating at.
My nectarine was rattling
This non glowing chest.
".....on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam."
This L-shaped banana I had
Surprised sad candle
My dogs fell asleep holding a tennis ball!
What he done this time?
My friends lunchable came with double turkey
This orange that looks like a small pumpkin
2 cent coin from 1865 in good condition
Was taking photos today and found two dragonfly’s mating in a rather awkward position
How Safe Is Your Beard from Coronavirus? Just Check This Chart from the CDC
This gargoyle statue was kinda dope
This pumpkin I got two weeks before Halloween, still going strong with no rot.
My friend got this 1 dollar coin stuck in a hole on a concrete wall &amp; now he can’t get it out.
My friend got this 1 dollar coin stuck in a hole on a concrete wall &amp; now he can’t get it out.
one Ring to rule them all
The new pants I bought were proudly inspected by 9
Giant old urinals! Or stand up bathtub???
Badlands National Park in South Dakota. Can you find all the mountain goats? Hint: there are five.
Ice crystals in water filter that got left outside overnight(don’t ask)
The hue light strip and extension box line up to form an extended light strip
This photo I took from a plane that looks like a tornado [OC]
The names the CDC has assigned to facial hair styles that may interfere with mask functionality. I may trim my Zappa down to a Walrus
This person randomly blacksmithing by the side of the road today, complete with truck mounted furnace and an anvil.
This box is winking at me
The name of this apartment building
Adult made it into my bag of babies, but I do not carrot all.
The way this teapot broke when I dropped it
The dirt-covered sign inside the truck I just rented threatens to fine renters who return the truck dirty.
My neighbors got snow!
I visited a place in Canada that looks like it’s from an alien planet.
My airplane mode button's animation from OxygenOS
This Clorox wipes container from a year or two ago says that their wipes are a disinfectant for the Coronavirus
Poured egg whites onto my egg, ended up filling up the... Inner egg? (Not sure the name)
My foot exfoliation treatment yadda yaddas its ingredients list
I managed to get all of the air bubbles out of this bottle of hand sanitizer
This gem of a game still worth $30 at a Walmart. Correct tag and all.
Today I found out my Amazon review of the Oldboy remake ended up on a Chinese bootleg blu-ray.
Bit of fluff on my bed looks like a person running up a hill
My dad is starting to organize his arrowhead and artifact collection found on the Chesapeake Bay
Wired making a comment on a wireless headset.
Camping on top of our Jeep
Parkour footprints in a parking garage.
My dad texted me a picture of his collection of Native American artifacts and more, the long rusty item is likely a bayonet found on Kent Island, Maryland in the Chesapeake bay
This house looks like a monkey.
This is a calendar in my office
This street artist does art reflecting modern culture.
Just an oreo in band
Found a burger bun with the expiration date printed on it
This metal piece for my bed frame that's the same colour as the wood
Was working with varnish remover today,apparently my gloves didn’t do their job. My hands are severely dried out but they look like they’re water logged.
What he done this time?
George, a common snapping turtle we met at the Delmarva Discovery Center Museum in Pocomoke City, Md.
I collect circles and have 9 clocks in my room
The way these chip boxes line up
Last night the restraunt I had dinner at had a 3d rice grain portrait of King Rama IX of Thailand
Removed an old towel hook in the bathroom. The wall seemed relieved.
Living near a city during winter makes the night sky look like nuclear winter because of light pollution
An old vaseline container i found
An old vaseline container i found
An old vaseline container i found
I blotted some ink and made a scarab beetle
Our Dalmatian Molly came home from the pet store pregnant!
Garage door opener from 1920’s
Grave door opener from 1920’s
Watermelon sour patch candy with no coloring
Milk dated wrong
Baggage handlers sending up a dead body.
the difference varnish makes. sorry for the dog hair.
Found an albino cockroach in my buddy's garage.
My flash drive made it into the video game Call of Duty! ( shattered camera ):
Raccoon paw prints look so much like people handprints.
Two screws from the same box, one with threads cut, one without.
Tomorrow marks 147 days to the Tokyo olympics as pictured in Akira. The graffiti says, “It’s cancelled!”
Mile Marker 68.9. Washington Hwy-26 near Washtucna.
The snow prints left by the tennis ball and my dog converge
My tankless water heater looks like a bomb you’d see on TV.
My water heater looks like a bomber you’d see on TV.
The Monks get priority seating at the metro in Bangkok.
This Ben &amp; Jerry’s Flavor
A chimeric pear we received. Half Bosc and half Bartlett.
Help me figure this out.. how did someone make 2 hearts in tire tracks without crossing through them?
Just shows stuff can grow just about anywhere
The flame coming from a Kerosene Lamp
This anticlimactic fortune cookie
I was playing SimCity, and the number of deaths per day in my city was 4, a number that is said to mean death in some parts of the world.
The way this water bubbled
Two unrelated subreddits as I scrolled down on the homepage. Top is Miata and the bottom is Subaru.
Rim with the center rusted out.
Florida Panther.
Ice that froze in a cylinder.
Cardi B potato chips
A blue Xbox 360 in my Airbnb
I planted a conjoined sunflower.
Tree in the middle of the road
Tree that grew around some rope that was tied to it
I’ve been drawing smiley faces on pebbles and putting them around the neighborhood. The goal was to bring joy to other people but really I love seeing them on my walks. So suck it others, these are for me.
River otter taking a swim in the pond across the street.
My neighbor bought the new Tesla hover car.
This australian opal of mine
This is the actual key my girlfriend uses to enter her 70 year old mother’s apartment in Poland.
Frank Zappa’s mustache is okay by the CDC’s for respirator protection guidelines for facial hair.
CDC is good at classifying beard types for proper mask fit.
I toured a cult site in Waco, Tx today...
You just have to become a doctor with a name like that
Kids section on a local restaurant's menu
The way that this can deformed
My friend doesn’t eat green skittles.
ocd friendly odometer
The salt crystals used to preserve this piece of uncured turkey bacon visibly shimmer in the light
The pattern formed in this draining jar of honey
This burned stump looks like a sad baby riding a baby calf
In Finland, there are buttons to thank the bus driver
This artillery shell is just chilling in this front yard.
This perfect circle of pigment in paint base
Why did this have to happen
Amazon toy with a stolen logo
I never expected to catch a toilet brush at a Mardi Gras parade.
This brand says their clothes are for men, women, or objects
found a dark mode bic pencil
When lava flow meets tree - lava tree
The hole is on the wrong side of my olive
Chairs and bar for the Hobbitses at our local ...
Road worker signature on asphalt
This worn out keyhole.
My milk jug has an indent which has popped out
This discarded match looks like it’s flipping me the bird
The "Blue Angel" sea slug looks like some sort of alien
This kids fork has one longer tine. I don’t know why.
My milk never expires...
My fortune cookie is yoda
This blood orange.
Instead of getting an elf on the shelf for Christmas, our family sticks a trump face to a doll and calls it “trump on the shelf”
The way this frost formed on my basketball hoop
Our family does not want to buy an elf on the shelf for Christmas so instead we tape trumps face to a Barbie doll and call it “Trump on the shelf”
This mutant quadruple strawberry
I left my garlic out for too long and it started sprouting
The ceiling decor at a pizza place
My neighbour created a large shed from scratch. It has a tv, couches and tons of alcoholic memorabilia.
This anti-David Duke campaign button from the 1991 Louisiana gubernatorial election
A few years ago, my family painted my bathroom and this paint mark kinda looks like a dragon breathing fire
The fans on my PC have vibrating a lot recently. I left this cup of coffee while I went to deliver some mail. When I returned, this pattern had formed.
Xray from the dentist shows a BB from when I got shot in the face about 15 years ago
They're for the hobbitsis ... at our local pub ...
The shadow on my lamp looks like a spider.
My white and green pumpkins have been slowly turning orange since Halloween
This chapel made of almost all glass
This septic truck with the poop emoji hiding on the back of the tank
This septic truck with the poop emoji hiding on the back of the tank
Lemons are surprisingly easy to peel and resistant!
Got two joke sticks in one popsicle
The way the snow clung to the back of this street sign.
In grade one we were given dead fish to paint
This Misaligned $1 Bill I Got Today.
The tiny egg a hen laid in my backyard.
Mickey mouse looking potato my mom drew a face on
Didn't shave for 4 days, plucked all my facial hair. This is all of it.
carwash near me uses colored foam and lights
My double donut chicken sandwich
Spring I found in my yard; partially exposed; is only rusted on the exposed part
Zoomed in picture of a steel part that has been turned in a CNC lathe.
Branches tied to hold up fence
Pattern of fluff left on my naked cushion
When you want to outdo your neighbour’s boat...
This is what you get when you sort by new!
I had the entire bus to myself.
This natural snow partition on the sidewalk from people walking on either side organically.
These care instructions
What 5 pounds of cocaine looks like
Ice cube molded to my can
My old cactus started growing a newer small cactus on top.
The woman is shoving her face in Adam Levine's ass.
You can see my eardrum in this pic! That is radiation burns from Florida by the way.
Just found my old phone from the naughties...
These floor planks in a super old house. So creaky
This guy melted the paint of his license plate
The next post on my feed lined up better than the original meme...
Oil and water on a parking lot. Sorry for bad quality.
I pulled out a beard hair that was actually 4 or 5 all in one follicle.
My new job provided stuff to fidget with to help get thru the boring orientation days.
This orange’s rind...
A standard cod term on a plate?
Friend sent me this and I love it.
This 2048 score that is higher than 2048
The USB for my speaker works either way you plug it in
Found a downvote on my work tyvek-suit. No idea how it got there.
Hiking heels
Hiking heels
Hiking boots
In my purple nerds I found a pink nerd. It even tasted like a pink nerd
Kinda looks like a Minecraft creeper
This picture I took in goblin valley of a rock man eating the moon
Made beef jerky and this piece looks like a bird
Watched a building getting taken down today
This restaurant has Bob Ross episodes playing on an old CRT television.
The way the wax in this candle is melting
A bag of yogurt-covered Skittles
someone left a single basket in the cart Corral over at fred meyer
This giant book about Stan Lee, size comparison with my little brother.
My Chick-fil-A nugget looks like a chicken
I had a band aid on at work today
This giant book about Stan Lee, illustrated by my little brother.
Am I the only one laughing at the title of this concert? Seems poorly thought out.
Tree at work has been growing through the fense for years
after going down a rabbit hole to find a road named 'a dog will lick his butt but won't eat a pickle road', I found a windshield that is so reflective that it blinded a satellite.
This use of plastic to make nature even more colourful?
You know cheez it, how about cheez them
Smoke lingering in a bottle after lighting a firecracker in it
This art in my school production studio
The original
The cupboard handles in my hotel have Apple logos on them
The visible 3rd eyelid of this owl
This anti static electricity pad inside a japanese elevator
This gay lion blanket I found in the attic.
This swirly tree thing i found in Howell. Kind of looks like soft served ice cream.
This door handle modifying an old germ prevention concept #coronavirus
I learned that doctors use a dye and a black light to check for scratches on the eye
The way this glass broke
the way the shadow is pixelated bacause of the LED strip above the kitchen bench
My windshield looked like a glacier from the inside today.
People hoarding cans of food incase coronavurus goes on for long.
These news articles are dated 2-3 days from now
This receipt from the knife grinder.
Rock in a garden just outside my office.
People hoarding pasta, as coronavurus reached italy (production stopped).
This chicken tenders that looks like a dolphin
I found this tree with a face coming out of it.
I found this tree with a face coming out of it.
The burritos they sell at my school are also a drug PSA.
Facial hair do's and don'ts for respirator protection against Coronavirus
A Piece of Pinecone Pierces the Porch
There was an Uber discount magnetized to the bottom of my beer
reddit shows me two pictures in a row with a similar looking tool
Sometimes my cat sits like a human
The morning sun peeking through the clouds
This door knob polished by people opening the door
Rays of sun peeking through rain clouds
A peculiar door in a hotel in Dublin
This sculpture
This fitting room has three different light settings one for daylight, dusk and night.
This hybrid Prius equipped with body kit and spoiler
My Ice Cube Turned Into Fangs
This is what happens when you freeze a can of coke
A butterfly emerged from my shattered phone today.
Locked your keys in your car? There’s a spare (functional) plastic key in your wallet!
Helicopter Lift To Work on Power Lines [3840x5760]
Accidentally found the balance point of my fork...
My mini eggs are undergoing mitosis
The middle white part on the pole lined up almost perfectly with the cloud behind it, creating an illusion of being obstructed by it
Saw this on my way to class. Not everyone's a jerk
My speakers picked up some interference
We are dipping my friend's balls in water with sugar in order to either prove of disprove balls' ability to taste.
My dogs eyes are different colors
Anyone see a resemblance, or is it just me?
Parking garage has green/red lights above parking spaces to indicate of they are open or not
My bread doesn’t have any added nonsense
One of the peas is still in a pod
Chocolatemilk
This is the backside of Amsterdam Central Station
I work in construction. We’re building a new house and there’s two toilets right beside each other in the master bath.
So my plagio / vespa started on fire while I was driving it. How embarrassing..
I smelled something funny under the seat. Next thing I know..
Oh god. Something smells.
This perfect snowflake I was able to get a picture of.
Ordered a book from Amazon with 2 day shipping. Apparently, it literally came off the press the same day. Talk about service!
These 3 screws have been inside my leg for a year
Chinese KitKat
An unusually tall street sign
Maxwell’s eye
Fucking Small Bottles
This tifo by Celtic supporters
Handy CDC infographic depicting recommended facial hair styles to wear with respirators
What I was met with after removing my couch cushions
Parking sign asking people very politely not to park on the grass.
This panorama i took under the eiffel tower.
My non-shiny candle I got at a Renaissance Festival had a galaxy in the melting wax
Went to take a pic of the weird bubbles floating on my coffee and was greeted by a smiling teacup inside my coffee mug!
Lights in this parking garage indicate if a spot is occupied.
I have a personal hobby of collecting fire alarms from buildings before they get demolished this is what i currently have
Reduced chocolate bar with the wrong name on it
- SILLY LOOKING FOR VILLAGE !
A neighborhood I deliver to uses the American Horror Story font on their mailboxes.
Happy Girthday
Banana person on this banana
The way my Dad cuts his pizza.
Snow and rain water collected from the winter on a rocking chair cover
That's one to get your foot in the door.
These headrest covers that look like two dogs out for a joyride.
My dumbass never knew what the toothpick hole thing was for smh.
Not sure why, but it is
This person's business card is in braille
Keno machine with a port for charging your smart phone.
My cherry tomato has a baby cherry tomato sitting on it
People can’t tell my F’s, L’s, and T’s apart...
This Crocs phone case I saw at a thrift shop
Found out one of my titty rings was flipped up via chest X-ray
This image of lightning connects with the other.
Donald Trump, is trapped in my bathroom wall.
Just noticed what must be a production flaw in my curtains that is actually quite a pleasing pattern in its own right
When they made this utensil package, they sealed half of a straw into the package
The rear building looks like it's inverted. (May be an HDR artefact.)
Tobacco and nicotine free CBD dip puches are now a thing apparently.
Thank me laterr..
This heart shaped glacial ice I found in diamond beach, iceland.
One of our chickens laid a tiny egg today
Haven’t been to a casino in years, but found $5 in my pocket this morning so decided to see if my luck would hold (it didn’t). But the casino machine had a charging port for your phone, convenient if you ask me.
Train tracks under the weight of a train loaded down with coal.
My friend works for a kayaking company that takes tours to the Hoover Dam. They congregated too close to the buoy line which set off a silent alarm that made my friend and all of the tourists on the trip nauseous. Here is the letter they sent out regarding the matter.
My brother's car mirror is a portal to the nightmare dimension
This Rubber Popper looks like a frog
On the right is the standard size. On the left is a weird conjoined two pack with double the fruit snacks
My glass split down the middle while I was pouring
This Jurassic Park Jeep I always pass by here in Maine
Hamlet Folger Shakespeare Library
A solid chocolate Kit Kat
So... aparrently, barilla makes theese 5 kg (aprox 2.5 pounds) bags of pasta
The sun hit the induction burner at the perfect angle and you can see the inside
How this market ink settled into the grooves in my finger
Natural spring I found while skiing
These power outlets at my university have sideways slots only on the bottom
Someone’s watch wore away the aluminum on this Mac.
The sun coming through my door peephole
Some old checks I found in the pocket of a coat I bought at a thrift shop
The end of this spoon looks like a finger nail
Uhh.. I found a sexy cow.
This old Wendy's sign at the Rockaway Mall foodcourt in New Jersey
Purple light is split into red and blue by a small hole in my computer case
A little game on the tram in Amsterdam [OC]
Purple lighting is split into red and blue by a small hole in my computer case
My new work ID is valid for exactly 79 years, 11 months, and 19 days.
Here’s the kidney stone that’s been causing me pain since Feb 4. Finally passed it. Sharp little effer. Toothbrush for scale.
This leaf that look like baby Groot
How the snow fell on my porch
The shadow of this light post stopped the snow from melting
A donkey and a zebra mated and produced this
This typo on a street in San Francisco
This "retrain as a swan" sign I saw and the odd website it promotes
A macho cap popper I saw at a store
The coveted Quad Cheez-It
This alien looking fungi
The coveted Quad Cheez-It
Red mold formed on coconut
When did flamin hot lays get invented?
Previous dude's britches exploded at the urinal
These grapes
Just noticed, the edge of my credit cards is different colored for different cards.
Plague masks then vs “plague” masks now
My ‘UV Spot’ business cards look like wet ink!
My friend has a secret door in a bookshelf
My pencil has a design underneath the outer layer
This snow didnt form into typical flakes
I found a pistachio inside another pistachio.
This restaurant gives you a discount if you have well behaved kids
This model train wheel snapped off one of the engines at EPCOT and the engineer gave it to my son.
Theater Marquee describes the current stage of construction.
Almost perfectly split half overcast sky
Thank me laterr..,.
My great grandfather's "lucky three-sided walnut"
This nail file and knife given away by a now defunct airline.
My new keyboard got delivered today, however the L key was missing. Instead, I got an extra ; key
This fuckin guy has sprouts growing out of his car
There’s a dead bug in my gas gauge
This hole in the hardwood which looks like a circular piece of confetti
My butter wrapper has a gram ruller
I may be dumb but has anyone ever seen the cap of a plastic water bottle shattered like this?
The tile in this bathroom is angled from the walls
The second rainbow if you concentrate a bit
Three seasons on one bush
digital scale screams when you apply too much weight...
great finding of him!
I was very satisfied with the way I wrote this R
At this moment Gunther knew he didn't want to play with fidget spinners anymore.
A fish I caught over the summer was missing its tail and had a chunk taken out of it.
Interesting ice formation on vehicles rim.
These bathroom stall doors have an overlap to avoid that awkward crack.
Always had really pointy feet which are perfect for these pencil socks
This parking lot looks like a face.
The instructions for this frozen Pizza can be pried out for easy reference.
This gas station sells Pokemon figurines along with tampons and condoms
This baby orange that was growing inside of my orange
This can has a see through lid!
Sign at the massage parlor
This faucet is also a hand dryer.
Photo I took of a lake looks like its from Silent Hill
This tattle button in Hong Kong for when you wish to be punched by a stranger
Caught by sneezing.
This can has a see through lid!
Only 10 companies.
Buttons in my psych's office
Rain doesn’t settle on the part of the window the wipers don’t reach
My office cafeteria serves Nature Valley singles
How definitions of musical genres can distort the "stonks" meme template (view my comment)
Walking home from school, must have been a leak in the river!
Walking home from school - must gave been a leak.
Scraps left after work on a utility power generating station. Ran as three parallel cables, will eventually help provide power to the entire city.
The barcode on this crisp packed is shaped like a wave and some palm trees.
Gigantic-ass beer I found (spray paint can for scale)
This egg made from marble
Some of my phone evolution through the years. (I'm not a hoarder I swear)
“Old“ submarine which can be visited in a museum.
This plane on top of a platform.
Look what happened to my lunch today.
These multivitamins that melted in my car
I hope the person who needed this, got the hint.
This old phone booth that’s been turned into a small village book swap in Kent.
Limestone dissolving because of water from the rain.
Old Communist revolution poster in our school
This bottle that separates oil from vinegar at this restaurant.
Weirdly shaped paper clip
My muffin exploded!
This counterfeit 50 (US)
FedEx testing out a new autonomous delivery robot.
The fog makes the bridge disappear
Sculpture garden in New Jersey has wild peacocks just walking around
This tree is five trees?
You can’t out burger the.......Queen..?
Thank me laterr.
This light bulb burned out in a freezer. (The other is the same bulb, but burned out in the oven)
Mum tomato started growing
Gdjkxj
My girlfriend's Minnie ears match the fireworks at Disney World.
My apple today has very small seeds
Leaning tower of Dallas has turned into a billboard
This old monopoly game I found in my air bnb
This bathroom wallpaper at a local restaurant with Chuck Norris 'facts'
The way this loading circle is perfectly around the thumbnail.
This grape growing askew
This is what my candle suddenly looked like. Never happened before, but i lighted a few more candles around it. Maybe that had something to do with the leaf like things forming at the tip(?)
This is what my candle suddenly looked like. Never happened before, but i lighted a few more candles around it. Maybe that had something to do with the leaf like things forming at the tip(?)
This is what my candle suddenly looked like. Never happened before, but i lighted a few more candles around it. Maybe that had something to do with the leaf like things forming at the tip(?)
This is what my candle suddenly looked like. Never happened before, but i lighted a few more candles around it. Maybe that had something to do with the leaf like things forming at the tip(?)
A jawbone and spine still connected, found on a walk
This is what my candle suddenly looked like. Never happened before, but i lighted a few more candles around it. Maybe that had something to do with the leaf like things forming at the tip(?)
This carpet in my university that's made to look like mossy cobblestone
pattern of snow on the ground after it snowed
Thank me laterr.
pattern of snow on the floor after it snowed last night
This heart shaped pond
u/download subscribed 12 years ago, 1 karma.
This escalator in Tokyo with a straight part in the middle
The way this sprout is growing from my Venus fly trap
A water tornado
This Lucozade bottle with a messed up wrapper
My yard has a tree with a rock embedded in it
This smoke stack painted like a jigsaw
Just finished this roll of clear wrap... exactly 2 years after I opened it
This statue history
A rolled a bar of soap into a ball
Random background dude expressions on Judge Judy
This majestic emerald mallard
This bookies in Chinatown, London
[OC] Perfectly organized travel size items this morning at my Walmart
Digital hangers show size and prize
I dropped the bag of glow sticks by accident before I opened the bag.
This shampoo I got tells you exactly how much product was reduced with their new bottle design.
This exact spot in my local lake
a normal day in Нюрба, Russia
This multicolored bagel.
Pensacola Airport continues to promote the city’s yearly comic con by changing their gates to STARGATEs
The real bat mobile was caught in Moscow - or is it?
The contrast between the new amd the old houses
This pay phone takes credit cards and has a texting pad.
Found an “icicle” that looks like a gun
Toilet at Jimmy John's has info on Uranus on the floor.
This italian coin has its value written in braille
Getting 2 of the exact same memes by the same person
The very small m and m
The milkshake
World war bayonet under the asphalt while at work on a football (soccer) ground.
This moving sidewalk in Detroit airport tells you which side to be on if you are going to stand or walk.
My buddy gets paid in two dollar bills
Just a friendly/creepy tissue dispenser
In switzerland we can track which farmers chicken laid the egg with the code on it. (www.swissegg.ch/code)
Opened my profile at the perfect time
A group of kids in my school setup an account on Insta, memeing all the teachers in our school and the general bull-shittery that occurs
These Fire Extinguishers in Portugal look like Sriracha
My renter's insurance does not cover for war, revolution or nukes.
Cool light shade
Paint looks like a cat wearing a cape
Same freckle pattern
These were in the same box
This plate on machinery at work looks like it could be an sf show spaceship ID.
Worn out keyhole after 8 years of use at the gym. The string have been replaced several times but the key is the original key for the locker.
My 20 year Yahooversary
Rubik's building
This long cactus at my grandma's.
The pattern on this old handwoven footrest looks like Spiderman
Wet spot on blanket looks like Australia (kinda)
Posted by u/plebposter on r/Wholesomememes
This plate my mum recently bought
The design is leaves when vertical, but 69 repeatedly when horizontal.
This strawberry
Heart shaped brown part on banana
The chairs in my local KFC are designed to have a bow similar to the KFC Logo
My English parents in law are worried we run out of chocolate, so they sent from England a few eggs. I'm Italian and we live in northern Italy, where the virus is spreading.
What he done this time?
I took a one second exposure shot of my Seiko
Just a present bag in the chinese store
I have never personally thought to consider how one throws away a garbage can itself. Presumably they’d just keep leaving it behind otherwise. My parents’ new neighbor is brilliant.
This prawn cracker advertises "Wuhan Flavor" in red
Don’t see this everyday
Someone at my school made a Lenny lamp, and it glows out of the eyes.
The amount my glove clip faded after 1 year of work.
There is a bus drawn inside my bus
3D Printed Iron Man Arms
all 0’s on our mcdonald order
Explain like I'm 5 Lad
My brother's French textbook has the cast of The Office in it
This miniature functional grater (Teaspoon for comparison)
Familiar character in my Japanese language class textbook a few years ago
A 10 pence containing the round table
A bullet that fell from the sky.
Verona after the carnival (all of the white being confetti)
If run with coffee in your hand you will burn yourself
The light in our kitchen bouncing off a metal skimmer.
This ice on my neighbours car
This section of my brain scan looks like the punisher logo
The way this lampposts shadow caused only part of the windscreen to freeze
This section of my brain scan looks like the punisher logo
This big size Lay's Chip
I went above the fog
Singapore started pasting these stickers on their buses thanks to COVID-19
Merged leaves/leaf? on a plant I found in my backyard!
Merged leaves on a plant I found in my backyard!
my little story of how Reddit helped me and a nice little drawing
My leggings match the leg curl knob
The whole pack has double the stuffing, and only 3 crackers stacked
The fact it’s sold in such a huge jug is surprising like do people actually put that much sauce on one batch of chicken wangs?
The light shining on my ring looks like a thigh gap.
My peanut butter cup came off on one piece.
One of my pretzel sticks was super long.
Despite what you might think a closet isn't a bad bedroom.
Cleaning out some boxes I had since I was a kid, and found these juice bottles. This is the color of 16 year old orange juice.
When i put down my ring it looks like a viking ship.
Heard a popping noise from my drawer, an old iPhone I had in there seems to have exploded.
This small sour patch kid.
According to the thesaurus close can also mean kissing your cousin
It's backwards.
My neighbors have a replica of their house as their little free library.
Get Reddit Premium for the finest Reddit experience, including ads-free browsing and 700 Coins every month
This STOP sign in Pawhuska, Oklahoma featuring the Osage Indian language
Electronic drums shadow kinda looking like some face from Dexter’s Lab
Today when purchasing a bottle of wine, I was given the wine bottle bag with the price tag on it from a batch of 500.
This sign in my hotel room
My cousin's wolf was Ghost on Game of Thrones.
The porch light at my apartment that has a pattern like the surface of Jupiter.
This French Doonut
The large snowball my friend and I made
This soap dispenser at my work that has a downvote inside.
This plant growing through a traffic cone
Leaving this sub because the moderators are dictators!
This cube made out of taffy
Bit my hand and now it looks like a smiley face
Sonic on hospital whiteboard
Bathroom stalls in Seatac now show if they are occupied or not
My local Dominos.
So my heart is exactly in the middle.... idk
This giant mutant lemon off our lemon tree that's kind of...cute somehow?
A hippo eating an entire watermelon
This repurposed keg urinal.
Poorest Countries
Post office South Africa
This rainbow sundog in blue sky (not inside a cloud) (OC)
This rainbow sundog in blue sky (not inside a cloud) (OC)
Nestle Toll House semi-sweet morsels 100% real chocolate
Found this dog chugging a wine bottle at a shop.
Unpacking our stuff that just got shipped overseas. Found a tie holder that was made/bought before the Berlin wall came down(1991). Bought to hold my dads wedding tie (1988).
Bar in Kalamazoo MI beer prices go up and down based on how much they are ordered.
Coronavirus Predicted in a 1981? Close enough
Coronavirus Predicted in a 1981 Dean Koontz Novel? Close enough to be mildly interesting
What he done this time?
Donuts that look like Simple Rick's Wafer bars from Rick and Morty. Photo by u/yzeal
This coin that came with my ramen
Donuts that look like Simple Rick's Wafer bars from Rick and morty.
There's no bubbles in this Aeros bar
This mirror in the men’s restroom.
This rock I found in the middle of the woods looks like a landscape painting. It’s just water/mineral deposits
Not many Durian in France.
This headline right here
I got a spice nugget in my chips
This Oreo with Extra cookie or less cream.
The way this nest was built on my wall
This snail that kinda looks like Trump
This RIP Kobe sign on the LA metro subway expo line
Since people seemed to like the first one here is another one. Top is where we start and bottom is finished product. All that is between is tons of work and some black stripes. Blackbird Wraps and Vinyl
My coworker put up a babygate in his cube to get work done
This store owners interesting mustache coloring
Louisiana snow
Anyone remember these transformer capsule toys?
This floor outlet thing...
This Coca-Cola bottle from the 90s that we found in the wall of our house.
This slippery floor sign shaped like a banana peel
My friend made tiny paper cranes
I peeled a mandarin and it looks like someone running and jumping
It was slow at work so I made some dogs out of chicken salad (with gloves on obviously)
This pen works as a file, ruler, screw driver and a bubble measure.
The white part of the bottom of my thumb nail was suddenly cut in half overnight.
I found a brown Special K in my Special K cereal.
Aftermath of a Mardi Gras parade
Cross section of the 50+ years of sediment build up in my water pipes.
This huge Dorito I found.
The stop sign I saw on vacation
This real note my mom left for my dad on the table tonight
A guy at my uni 3D printed baby Yoda
Tonight my car achieved The Mileage of the Beast
Spice counter at my school
My friends bandage looks like south america
This piece of cardboard kinda looks like the millennium falcon
This score board of this hockey game looks like a German flag
The way the water in my yogurt froze
Just got some new ice cream at work
My Karen-O tortilla burn
Filled in mini Entenmanns donut
This pencil that split in half
A mutated asparagus I found
Watching the debate and I just realized Mayor Pete looks a lot like the Grinch!
300+ miles in freezing rain
A photo I took of my cat with the flash on. He’s also evil, just so you know.
The Herd at the Worthington Hotel, Fort Worth TX
This bicycle grape I found
Sculpture Garden in New Jersey has wild peacocks just walking around
“The Book of Unusual Knowledge,” Publications International claims Americans butter their bread one piece at a time as opposed to one slice at a time (we don’t do this)
This Danny Devito mannequin I saw in Norway
My sketch of Harriet Tubman
My gas pump today had pumped 1,246,095 gallons of gas.
Venus from Earth(taken from only an iPhone 7)
A 500ml Coke can, first time I have seen one.
This bug looks like a banjo
My camcorder changing its aperture
Just scrolling through reddit, and found someone had the same little star as me in my dorm. People must miss these star stickers when painting a lot. On my last day in this room I’m going to peel the sticker off to see the paint underneath.
Me and my little sister a few years ago with the Mountain from GoT
Speaking of stars on ceilings, there is a year on my wall
This crayfish on a floating plant in my tank
How we stretch the vinyl to wrap a mirror. It’s about the hardest part of a wrap. I think it looks like it was caught while driving. Blackbird Wraps and Vinyl.
My GF’s grandparents have a goldfish with no fins
The sky is split in my town
These rainbow colors were all over the streets in my neighborhood today, if you know the scientific reasoning behind it please let me know because I don't.
Bench in my hometown made of 16,000 plastic items
My dog when he wakes up.
A tree broke apart a boulder as it grew.
My new pen I bought at the hospital today.
Soap that is separating from not being used and water hitting it.
This is what happens when you take the image off the halls bag
This bar's list of rules.
The way the wind blows ice onto these trees.
Stevie Wonder album with Braille on the cover.
Batman Signal in my Water.
That mileage though. Wish I thought ahead and planned the trip meter.
The back of this cereal box...
We have 1 gram weights at my work to calibrate scales. Sharpie for size reference.
It’s fun to stay at the YM
My bagel didn’t have a hole
In my freshman year in high school (3 years ago) we were given a project to do anything that came up in our minds that’s alive and so I chose the globgogabalab and got a 95%
In my freshman year in high school (3 years ago) we were given a project to do anything that came up in our minds that’s alive and so I chose the globgogabalab and got a 95%
This trident shape in my wall
This Graph of the price of the Temporal Thermometer at Amazon
I thought this was one post..
If you have 100 or more tabs in chrome, instead of giving you the number of tabs the icon shows :D
This Milk from my local store.
This post rain, 3D map of 18 century Charleston, SC accurately represents the city at Low Tide.
How these branches, leaves, and other stuff kind of resemble a scarecrow a little
This unicorn-shaped pasta I found in my shells
UPVOTE M AND N
My dog's birthday decoration last year was misspelled, but I didn't have the time to fix it before pics. Nobody noticed. (He turned 5)
These completely different fiction books all have nearly identical covers.
Blow up cushion for my dog that he uses instead of a head cone, and he loves it
Found an uncut piece of spaghetti today
The ice (round) blocking the whisky from the bottom of the glass
This highlighter set I randomly found.
Aviator cable came with this letter
This handmade dice bag
The inside of this old door lock
Thick hoodie strings
This baby Milk Dud.
My library has a section dedicated to books they hated.
Solving foot pain with laces
The older G-fuel has inspired by kemstar but new one doesn't.
This cubed snowman a neighborhood kid made
Ammo rack ‘A’ on HMS Belfast. (This where ammo was put from storage before it was sent up to turret ‘A’ via the pipes in the middle)
Apparently my beard shampoo is dangerous for pregnant women.
Clear, concise, to the point. Bros w/ hoes. 10/10 would hire.
Therapy Fluffies offered at the gym
Check out this Fishing Spiders eyes.
This butterfly(?) that didn't quite make it out of its cocoon
Piece of dirt on my washing machine looks like someone doing a cannonball into it.
My Parks and Rec set arrived today, with Season 1 upside down in the packaging.
All the knobs on one of many walls of knobs in the radio command room on the USS Midway.
Ice crystals formed it a Tupperware
Snowed so much you can almost touch ther field goal
Trail from a boat got towed off the beach by a tractor
These portraits are made entirely from Lego.
Abandoned pay phone. Dial *11 to make a collect call.
Went back in time today in my local store.
New Library Book Machines
A tangerine-sized strawberry
I’m making personalized coasters of all my coworkers’ brain scans
A Hidden Door To The Land of Leprechauns Outside An Irish Pub
Clean Nectarine
I've listened to League of Legends more than 99% of people
This moss, growing on fungus, that’s growing on a tree.
This large strawberry
I saw one of those car vending machines today
This fully intact lightbulb I found washed up on the beach with other trash.
Just found and ate a kinder surprise egg in the US
A fake wound
This parking lot crosswalk that helps reduce the chance of vehicles striking pedestrians
BREAKING: BernBots of REDdit pronounce Sanders as debate winner 3 hours prior to debate! Remarkable? We think - NOT!
It looks like he’s seen a Ghost
Wet floor sign shaped like a Banana at my hotel
This weird multi-pretzel
Boston airport has lights above each bathroom stall that turn red when in use
I got two soy sauce sachets in my Pot Noodle :)
Vintage National Autopark Parking Ticket found inside a used copy of an Armand Hammer biography.
The way these Icicles formed on part of the bush in my front yard
This tree growing from my local tower https://www.decaturcounty.in.gov/history
It's been stuck on my English classroom ceiling for over a week
Oral surgery office in my town uses implant vials to fill their vases.
This guy was unicycling down the road yesterday.
Monster truck on my way home from work
Is this how Holy Water is mass produced?
A triangle in a pizza
Crack in Concrete Creates a Perfect Split Where Sidewalk is Either Wet or Dry on Each
Excel chewing gum after falling onto a hot stovetop
Percentage of male Reddit users.
Key to a train
My daughter's slap bracelet is a tape measure on the inside
Grit soaking up rain on pavement.
This circular piece of confetti which looks like a hole in the hardwood
Street address of this 7th Day Adventist Church
My street was paved and only one car did not move. Tow notices for cars that did not move. He called their bluff
This person's tote bag covered in quotes from the movie Spaceballs.
Told to leave work. Happen to have a cough and was told not to come to work until Monday. Thanks Coronavirus
My cat has a typhoon on her shoulder
The way the ice in my cup froze
Does he have enough rear view mirrors?
The shadow of this coloured paperweight retains the colour and design.
This bear with visible abs
My spin studio really catering to everyone
The way used notecards have slightly different colored edges
Frog slide in Chicago snowstorm
My PS4 controller has been worn down where it meets the surface due to years of being rubbed after being put down
I have 5 pairs of left hand gloves and no right ones
Spilled bleach turned my rug white
Disinfect the Human Coronavirus
My quarter pounder with cheese had fewer sesame seeds than expected.
1984 and 2020 Porsche 911s
Rested my arm on an uncapped orange highlighter and the result was not just orange
Mardi gras baby kind of looks like the stonks guy
This tea
Did you know? Some kind of coyotes can shoot with snipers
My milk will never go bad
My brother cut some marmoleum to fit this pipe perfectly
When will my milk go bad?
An apple with a weird growth pattern
This handful of wrongly printed ketchup packets
The stuff in my room made a hiding Baby Yoda shadow somehow.
My hair that came off my hair elastic
Something is off about this octopus...
This can of Weight Watcher's Cola the contractor found in my wall during a remodel.
A massive hornets nest In the attic. It comes up to my waist!!!
A massive hornets nest in the attack. Comes up to my waist.
My dad made this lamp using a Canadian Club whiskey bottle.
My dad made this lamp using a Canadian Club whiskey bottle.
Wonder how many OCD complaints they are getting/day?
There’s a pet in our Airbnb.
Blanket-like cloud covering half the sky in a (almost) straight line
The way my laundry doesn’t fall out of the dryer when I open it
The way my laundry doesn’t fall out of the dryer when I open it
Water Droplet on an LED Display
My heart rate after pulling an all-nighter, taking an Adderall at 6 AM, and working out at 3 PM
I finally get to contribute interesting ice.
The mineral deposit underneath my wet sauna heater from a 1.5 years of sauna. These are the minerals our hard tap water collecting in one spot.
Staircase at university showing wear from foot traffic.
I found an air bubble in my plasic fork
Found this in a hostel in Helsinki, Finland.
While granite shopping, found a piece that looks like an illustration from Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark
Silent conference - like a silent rave, where all the presentations are on headphones.
Pretzel nugget that looks like indiana
My Internet made a constant pattern by jumping between 7.8 Mbps to 0 as I was watching twitch.
This city hires local artists to decorate the buildings. Some of my favorite pieces.
20+ years ago, a fellow team of Internet warriors won some Titan A.E. movie swag. (Custom shirt, sticker, comic book)
This fitting room had three different lights one for daylight, dusk and nights. Every fitting room should have this!
This opium-scented candle
The way these trees are peeling away off of it's trunk
My pinky looks just like my girlfriend's index finger
This morning the sky made it look like there’s mountains in the back. I live in Illinois
My cheese curd looks like a peepee...
My nail polish chipped into the shape of a thumbs up!
Apparently these protect your eyes from the CORONAVIRUS too!
Hair Colour Advertisement Uses Natural Surroundings To Show Different Colours
The sun created a mushroom in my house.
This is what an auditorium looks like at night
Windows 2000 in 16 Colors
Someone fixed a recent swastika.
Frost formation on the ground!
These spots where people rub their coins against, to discharge them, because the machine seems to reject most of them
The back of this chair looks like an elephant
This chubby headphone jack used in my school's language laboratory
Pancake day banana was super straight
This chubby headphone jack used in my school's language laboratory
This ironing board in my Airbnb. Iron for scale.
My shoes kinda look like the school carpet
It finally happened to me: hotel signs that don’t know where my room is
My son pulled a weed out of the garden that had a sock attached to it.
It looks like someone coloured these flowers in
What the underside of the Epcot globe looks like. Turns out there is also a ride in there
Shadows on my blinds that resemble two faces.
This memo pad with tips for secretaries on the cover
It's my dick in a box. Jk, it's ketchup in a bag.
The dice on this mat has two "4" sides
The rare Mario milk.
I built a snowman....in Hawaii.
This small door at a children's clothing store
A friend of mine paints custom pictures in anyones calculator for free, just got mine back.
Cotton candy clouds
What marines stationed in Shanghai, China were doing in September 1941. (Found in my deceased grandmother’s things)
The armrest in this airport charges your phone just by placing it there
This cactus growing on a tree
When you start opening a grain bin, all the grain in the bin shifts downward a fraction of an inch all at once, this initial surge can rupture a bin. These bins holds 12000 bushel of corn, roughly 330 tons of grain per bin. If you look closely you can see it's actually 2 blown bins here.
20+ years ago, a fellow team of Internet warriors won some Titan A.E. movie swag. (Custom shirt, sticker, comic book) Found this while sorting through storage today.
The skin of this apple looks like a piece has been peeled off
Found a heart strawberry in the pack that I bought today
Moss has it figured out
Some one in my class made a chair stand up on two legs
I was just staring at the popcorn ceiling in my dorm and there’s a clean cut star up there
Cotton candy sky
This restroom my friend painted.
This 3D Watch which is designed to look like an alloy wheel
chip bag that was incorrectly cut
This cupcake vending machine at the mall
This steam radiator in my mother’s office
I took a photo of a Red-Tailed Hawk through a spotting scope.
The symmetrical bubbles in this bottle of mayo mustard
Thrift store that gives away some profits to help animals.
Rocks pattern
This log looks like pants
Even the bus is getting into the Mardi Gras Spirit
These amorous carrots
The underside of a jet that flew by my mother at work
Rocks pattern
I'll see your eagle through binoculars and raise you a Red-Tailed Hawk through a spotting scope
My bobbin thread broke in a way that made it look like a magic trick
My coworker’s succulent leaves are sprouting tiny flowers!
My little salad kit I got for lunch came with a tiny plastic fork
This sponge I found at a beach
Before and after one painting season
A free range chicken egg vs a store bought egg
my boyfriend bit an apple really hard and this happened
Mexico looks kind of like this whale that was really hard to find in a decent position on Google Images.
This green pepper that became a half-yellow pepper
A lady that I met at McDonalds brings her parrot everywhere she goes. Yup, that’s a backpack.
A lady that I met at McDonalds brings her parrot everywhere she goes. Yup, that’s a backpack.
A lady that I met at McDonalds brings her parrot everywhere she goes. Yup, that’s a backpack.
Panhandler in Syracuse, with his cardboard sign.
This team lift warning shows a person lifting a heavy box in heels.
So trigonometry actually does apply in real life
This tightly pressed pellet contains 50kg (110lbs) dry weight of washed laundry
Several of the seams on my sweatshirt are wrong side out.
Slammed my finger in a door, and now the bruise is a lovely rainbow.
The mark left on this guy after another one of my coworkers shot him with a rubber band
Only half of my transition lens changed to sunglasses earlier
The condensation inside my cup is only on one side. Presumably because it's colder nearer the window.
This elaborate Orthodox ceremony.
My tangerine has two little baby slices growing in it
Coronavirus Dashboard by John Hopkins CSSE
A flat noodle shell
How my floorball club is darker where my hands are than where they haven't been.
Ceiling fan with a clock on it
Silent presentation session at a conference
Rainbow cake with bonus rainbow
Disassembled laser from a CD player. (Penny for scale)
Can we just take a moment to appreciate Dick Pound is a real person and an IOC Member for Canada?
The way this tree formed a perfect arc by two other trees falling on it
They way this tree was bent into a perfect arc by two other falling trees
A disassembled CD player
This kid who looks a lot like the main character from Ratatouille.
My great grandma was engaged to the baker on the Titanic. Before he left, he gave her this necklace. Unfortunately he never came home, so my great grandma got my great grandpa and that’s how I’m here! One big butterfly effect!
This baby inside a cake package
What the new Skittles promotion here on Reddit reminds me of...
My great grandma was engaged to be the baked on the Titanic. Before he left, he left her this necklace. He never came home, my great grandmother met my great grandad and that’s how I’m here! One big butterfly effect.
My coworkers bamboo keyboard and mouse
One of my Oreos has the cookies backwards
While hiking the grand canyon there's a sign that warns about the difficulty of the hike with a depiction of guy throwing up.
While hiking the grand canyon there's a sign that warns about the difficulty of the hike with a guy throwing up.
2 week update on my stink bug chemical burn.
This disc looks like a Pokeball
A sword as a WiFi network name
The more you look at it, the better it gets
My grocery store has replaced all paper price tags with electronic ones
This bracket I found looks really excited to do its job.
This candle wick split into three pieces
My nail polish matches my water bottle.
A plant after topping
A bench that begins in one town and ends in another.(Netherlands)
My uni has sofas with built in plug and USB sockets.
Me and my friend got the same Snapple fact today
Frost formation on the ground!
This is R. Kelly's Chicago recording studio. Reported to have been used as a tool in his sexual abuse ring.
This is a little green sticky man that has been stuck to the ceiling of my local library for 15 years now. I threw him up there after a trip to the dentist, I'm always surprised to see he's still here!
My school has charging stations in the table umbrellas
Weird toilet mirrors in QA, Manchester.
Sugar is misspelled in the ingredients list of my iced tea
This bread shipped with foam peanuts as packing material
Motorcycle pictograms are extra detailed on Slovak driver licenses
This piece of spinach that survived intact the blending of my smoothie this morning.
This ice cube came naturally with a spike
"Clickbait" in Historical News Map
I cut down a branch in my yard and found this!
I got two of the same fortunes in one cookie.
The dust from the road makes this snow look like piles of sand
This front line is beautiful.
Given the fidget spinners inside I would guess that it’s still stuck in 2017.
Spotted an unreleased car that's semi wrapped to hide its features
These barbies have different proportions than typical barbies
My mom unknowingly sent me the same card in a different style 2 birthdays in a row
The back of my NASA backpack has a space shuttle imprint
Interesting spaghetti
Interesting use of a basketball hoop...
I found this in an American restaurant's toilet
St Pancras has been changed to St Pancake on this timetable for pancake day
My history textbook has Yugoslavia on it’s map of Europe
There's a small piece of wire made into my cup
The paper was folded as it went into the printer, so the text came out across the fold
This tattoo artist's business card is the card from American Psycho.
25 years worth of tags on a single licence plate.
This wall-sized logo for a used bookstore made entirely out of old books
Algebra notes before and after meds
This old medicine bottle that still has some medicine in it and is in the original box. Circa approx 1890-1920. This bottle is in my Grandfather's pharmacy bottle collection that was gifted to me.
A pumphouse with an Archimedes screw. The one on the left is around 2.5 metres (8 feet) in diameter
I found a Caterpillar while gardening today
Caption this, or explain what's going on here in Galveston, TX.
Caption this, or explain what's going on here in Galveston, TX.
Caption this, or explain what's going on here in Galveston, TX.
The bank that was here turned into a Wendy's
This cheeto with a big dick
I managed to chip my dog’s ceramic bowl in such a way that I made a hole in it.
Mildly infuriating VIRGIN mobile after I called them to stop sending me ads, legit ads on my phone. F you phone company
The way these suitcases are made.
My work commissioned bee hives.
I’m slowly peeing this ice block in half
I have hyperdontia and today they removed 2 additional wisdom teeth from my upper right gum
I found this potato chip with purple markings
Giant Cheez-It included in our bag.
This cheerio with a window
Looks like a bad day to buy the Pixel 4 or Pixel 4 XL
This remote has separate power on and power off buttons
So this is how a glue stick works
Nicholas Cage like priest at a Prague Museum.
Which one was your first phone?
Lamp about to blow looks like a little alien
I’ve never seen cloud formation such as this
Boulder I found struck by lightning
I ordered something off of Amazon, for myself, on my own account, got this in the same package.
These clouds
This one-pronged fork
This Naruto running exit sign
Boulder I found struck by lightning
This ashtray that looks like a cigarette.
The way the sky makes it looks like the clouds are blue in Miskolc, Hungary.
The way the sky makes it looks like the clouds are blue in Miskolc, Hungary.
The way the sky makes it looks like the clouds are blue in Miskolc, Hungary.
The way the sky makes it looks like the clouds are blue in Miskolc, Hungary.
The way the sky makes it looks like the clouds are blue in Miskolc, Hungary.
Cheeto Pudding
The way the sky makes it looks like the clouds are blue in Miskolc, Hungary.
This weather forecasting rock
this bathroom door had a foot pull so you didn’t have to use your hands to open the door.
This kinda fetus looking mini pepper i found inside my pepper.
This weather forecasting
My emergency room wrist band had a tracker on it
Dentist Office showing how much sugar is in regular items.
The name of these pistachios
I organized my boyfriend’s fun sock collection
The guy on this ad looks like Michael from Vsauce
First and oldest McDonalds
Thank me later..,
The Weather Channel ran a weather phone line in the 90s
How my Corndogs and Fries fell out of my Fryer
Two people in two states on complete opposite sides of the nation bought the exact same tie on the same day and time.
My starberry had a conjoined twin.
The brand new twenty pound note
Person on my bus stop has two trees like this
This photo I took made the sky look like a painting.
Iranian government officials after their health minister tested positive for COVID-19
My friend found a styrofoam cup someone left in a sauna. Normal cup for scale.
The way the light shines off my dog’s eyes
My very first time at a slot machine.
My friend's $2 bill collection
This valueless paper money in the gutter in Venezuela.
Mutant Toilet Roll: Part Deux. (The next one in the pack was the same but with no cardboard at all).
How hard it’s raining and storming in the netherlands (no this isn’t a lake it’s a biker path)
Mutant Toilet Roll #2: The Second Coming (The next one in the pack had the same issue but no cardboard). This one is also potentially suitable for a cross post on /r/dontputyourdickinthat/ ...
A jar of jam happy (but suffering) to meet me
Found a bullet in my parking lot today. Think it's a 9mm.
This drawing on a wall created using the dirt from the same wall (I think with a pressure washer)
Trump appears in Crab Nebula in yesterday's USA Today to 'Win Reelection'
Enormous blueberries at work, with an average blueberry and a nickel for size comparison
Enormous blueberries at work, with an average blueberry and a nickel for size comparison
A penny with only the copper coating.
So this kiwi had a sort of tiny kiwi inside.
A hollow penny.
Leaf morphology changing on an acacia tree
My wooden spoon has an angry face in the wood grain
I found a real Bigfoot trap
Little silver cocoon on the sidewalk
After we ate, me and my brother saw these clouds that looked like it was leading somewhere
I don't know what to do with this Info
The sky in my town is split
This very short escalator
This very short escalator
Im staying at the anniversary inn with a swiss family Robinson themed room.
The sky in my town is split
This math teacher got his truck vandalized.
Came up from my dad's memories. This happened in 2010. What are the odds?
Bezos investments
This log that looks similar to a dog
Local bail bond business card
One of my chickens laid a mini egg.
Didn't think I listened that much
my friend drew this on his calculator
This was on the other side of my new piece of clothing
Woke up to do laundry and found a moth in the soap cup... Not moving?
Is there anyone on the Earth who DOESN'T know about this? The US $50 also shows something along the same lines. Just the $20 and $50. No others.
This coffee shop that uses pasta as a biofriendly straw
My moms mugshot
A very long and straight banana
Parasitic growths on a tree
My mom got a dollar in the mail to convince her to fill out a survey about her new car
Today I found out that my USB cable can be used both ways
The coin on the left is worth 1/1000th of the coin on the right.
The word drag comes from the term ‘dressed as girl’
My valentine's day gifts totalling 69,69
When Sun takes heart shape ! 3000 times love you is not enough :)
A game where you have to match mugshots of people with their alleged crimes
My cat fell asleep upright
This rock I found has a toothy grin.
The "I" is the tip of the hose
One is old, one is new. Same model, same brand, same colour (well, not anymore).
The lost and found table at my 1st graders school.
How to keep your car from flood
I didn't even know Spotify did this. Guess I have a Die Antwoord problem
The oil I poured into my pan looks like a dog
My bell pepper had another small bell pepper growing inside it
My corn dog had a boner
I Norway it's about 2 feet of snow
My corn dog had a boner
We were walking back to our hotel after taking the ride in this boat in El Nido Philippines and after walking for few steps I just turned back out of curiosity to feel this experience which told me that it is not about what we see it is always about how we feel about it. I really felt excited :)
A Russian red fox shedding his winter coat
An innovation long overdue, at least for men.
Depending on the way I part my hair I'm switching between ginger and brunette thanks to the sun. I haven't dyed my hair in 7 years now.
There's more of them
The seeds of this apple are sprouting
Found a transformer
195gigapixel photo of Shanghai, you can zoom insanely far
I somehow immediately knew this item was made for this thread. For whatever reason it came with a pouch too. source: https://hypepol.com/collections/life-hacks/products/mini-butcher-detailed-knife-with-sleeve
Abandoned birds nests in a tree
Somehow after being run over by a car, the bottle “works”
Freshly painted building blocks in Pyongyang. Credits to David Guttenfelder via NatGeo
This heart shaped rock I found on a beach in wales
Enhance and Modernize your Apartment Living with Society Management app
My Boston Terrier threw up in the shape of a heart.
Today, 45 years ago, Led Zeppelin launched what many consider its magnum opus, "Physical Graffiti". The album became the first in rock history to release Plantinum only with advance orders and consists of songs like "Kashmir", "Trampled Underfoot", "Ten Years Gone" and "In My Time Of Dying".
This Caprisun (got in lunchable) has an extra straw
The back of my friends grad looks like the Nike logo
Underwater internet cable
One of my hens laid an itty bitty egg (normal egg for scale)
My wife covered her hand in woodglue and peeled it off
I slept on my hand
My friend accidentally hit his leg with burning steelwool making it look like a whip.
A ray of sunshine and deodorant spray make for a pretty cool looking effect.
My boyfriend actually won 8 times on a scratchie!
This toilet roll had two cardboard inners and looks like a smiley Cyclops
The socks of the player on the left lines up with the jacket pattern of the dude sitting
This tree has a zombie baby.
First post. This pineapple with 3 stalks.
There was a larger than normal strawberry in the fruit basket at work today. Banana included for scale.
In Philippines, there's lake, in which is island, in which is lake, in which is island
This florescent gum wrapper
this new USB cable that goes in either way up
I found a baby edamame pod.
My dad’s passive agressive medicine
My hometown is located at the 666th kilometer of the river Rhine in Germany
This Steam Wallet card I found in my jacket pocket mixed in with its receipt and washed a few times
Banana ice you can peel
This specific X shaped crack on this nut compared to the usual one.
I sharpened graphite.
These wagu steaks at Hotel Rock in Tampa
My dettol spray advertises its effectiveness against coronavirus ..
In a fitting room so you can hang your clothes organized
By u/bedrock_III An interesting penny.
The way my creamer was labeled.
The shadow makes my drinking chocolate look bended on the surface.
The imperial war museum in London has a WW2 nuke
what i do on my vacations
This cel phone company ad looks like something out of the movie IRobot.
A keyyyyyyyyy
Neatly folded snow at the bottom of a slide
I made this in mspaint while at work...
A bar of Dial soap from the 60s
Can hair colour advertisement be anymore creative
This lemon I cut in a half and regenerated itself.
3D Reflection of a debit card in an iMac’s base
A tree with all moss growing towards the sun, not quite the north side rumor but very interesting.
An interesting title
Tell me Wish didn’t use a strawberry for the nose.
A cleaning sign in Cairo that is not in the form of a banana. With actual cleaner in background.
Instead of "not specified", this app gives the option of LGBT
Someone at my arts class made an iphone 6
Drank milk tea today, somehow managed to get the middle of the cover with the straw
Searches for "how to get rid of" peaks every summer for some reason. (US vs Australia)
This come bottle in a different language
Every single starburst in this bag was pink
The lofi study stream finished 2 days ago and oh sh*t that's a lot of time.
The color palette of my groceries
This book of short stories with the longest title in the world contains an "excessively difficult crossword" with clues from the various stories in the book.
This cloud looks like Baby Yoda
Longest book title I've never seen...
Yesterday at job I accidentaly made a 3 loop tie which didn't even untie for the whole day
This nug looks like a turtle.
"Others"
My husband really does know how to park.
The water drop on this flower
My security camera captured a monster.
Store that only sells milk
This tram in Australia has a place to hold your surfboard while travelling to/from the beach.
The company name delivering this rat trap
Found this at my job with this note on it. Sure! I'd love to take you home!
When your friends always take your lighters
A couple of leaves from my succulents fell off and they started growing into new plants
The perfect line theese clouds are Formung.
Airport bathroom uses lights to show which stalls are available or occupied
The two lit portions of these malfunctioning Starbucks signs makes one complete sign
The two lit portions of these malfunctioning Starbucks signs makes one complete sign
Tiger Formation
This trashcan’s shadow
Dried river beds look like trees in winter
This 100 year old penny I got at work
The frost is under or in the ice
From the side, my watch looks like Baby Yoda.
This TV/lamp/drawer looks like the 8 bit side view of a video game character
The first search result for papa johns* is Domino’s
Febreeze bottles are clear.
Sandwiches for sale in London, England - 1972.
I ate a steak tonight, and noticed after, that it looked like a bull head and also the USA!!!
These screws I stacked.
All of these rubber bands on top of a public P.O. Box from bundles of mail people received.
the measuring cylinders in my school are so old theyre made in west germany
My phone camera was able to pick up a really cool picture of the pixels on a TV
A serendipitous smile from my iced coffee
The 'stem' of the carrot is a different colour.
This soap face that appeared in my washing up
The ceiling in my grandparents’ living room
I didnt know about it since I dont own a RR
This cute fish I saw at an aquarium in Dallas, Texas
#nopanicpandemic #coronavirus #pandemic
Early 20th Century Mint shipment
Exploring The Remarkable T-100 Soviet Bulldozer - (Estonia)
I found a katana
My yogurt expires on February 29th!
Me and my SO were out on a walk when he spotted this tree with hundreds and hundreds of snails. Found out they're all chilling up there to stay away from beetles trying to eat them. (More out of site)
I got a keychain that uses the radioactive decay of Tritium (the radioactive isotope of hydrogen) to emit light.
Can you read this?
My grape had a huge stem at lunch today.
The red on this no alcohol sign makes it look like it’s a designated party spot
Been driving for 16 years, and I have never been witness to this glorious moment...until today!
This Björk quilt my friend sewed by hand with found fabrics and recycled thread.
My hotel has a robot that delivers your Postmates or lobby market order right to your room
Had a false alarm go off yesterday in my hotel. Came back to this afterwards
The way the dust settled on this garbage bag made some strange shapes.
We are now further from 9/11 than Jurassic Park was from the Vietnam War.
Relax &amp; Sterilization - inside new shoes from China
A church in my country bought a shopping mall
The ad goes into the negatives
This ideal shell I found
Butterfly Eggs
my spoon had ridges to help cut food
For when it’s a two person job?
Ink left from wet papers at this restaurant
GO GREEN apparently means using iStock images in your final product.
I got bored and painted a cactus on my wall
Aldi be making Cheez-itz DIFFERENT
This indigo mold on this old rice.
AirBands - Apple Watch Band with AirPod Mounts
A cup of ocean I got from Jeju-do, South korea. It's a candle.
So idk if this will mildly interest ANYONE bar some petrol heads but the ford falcon EF with a stock bench seat. ITS NOT A CUSTOM THING ITS A FORD THING.
My new shirt has the spare buttons sewn to the tag instead of in a plastic bag so you don’t throw them away
Comb square, used for drawing/trim, placed accidentally square on the shelf. Thought would be crazy.See bubble.
(Reupload) This $1 tip I received that is folded to look like a collared shirt
3 separate sets of college ruled paper all had misprinted red lines
Mountains look like they are in the clouds
This sign has been displaying a still image of Tux since at least January
Contoured collection of suck fuzz on my insoles
Me and my SO were out on a walk and he spotted these dudes chilling out in a tree
This penny I found on the street today.
My new apartment has a closet that starts a couple feet off the ground.
This Star Wars fortune I found in my fortune cookie
My friend made this in Roblox
This soap has a cooking recipe for the sent of the bottle
The way this chair’s paint has worn
The name of this parking lot
Banana peel wet floor sign
This Orange Segment I Got Is Really Small.
This fire extinguishep
Some lightning I caught from outside my bedroom window
Stir sticks at the CN tower are shaped like the CN tower
Someone grew mushrooms out of their cumrag
It’s that time of the year where all the milk makes you say, “It’sa me!”
This misleading clearance price
Simulation software used to fit on this
This manual suggestion
Came across this sweet custom job.
The way my nail fits in with the desk
They made this just for my pet dinosaur so he wouldn’t feel discriminated
My bell pepper had another pepper growing inside it
Metallica’s “st. Anger” album cover I drew using pencil and charcoal
Thought this picture of my friends on a snow day looked like a cool foggy movie scene
Clinched fist I drew with pencil and shaded with charcoal I highlighted white areas with eraser
Came across an interesting font choice.
My dad's puzzle has letters on the back to split it into sections.
The sexiest women's toilet sign I've ever seen.
Here are some drugs for your eyes
A drop of water making surprised pikachu on my floor
Jaw popping is a thing??? I learned something new.
Down to the penny...
Nice.
Somehow got cream of chicken from Canada at US Aldi and the ingredients vary quite a bit from the US version.
Came across these two books at my library utilizing the same cover image. Both written by different authors, from different publishing companies, yet both about relationships.
My chicken tender is shaped like africa
Pen can do this for no apparent reason
Potatoes gonna potato.... 5 weeks in a cupboard
Scrolling through a ytbers uploads and he accidentally made a star wars abomination in his two thumbnails
The edges of the shadow of this pole are segmented
Critter ate a solid inch of this 2x6
Dr. Seuss cosplay, maybe?
This very old school TV I found moving my grandma.
Flu Bug spotted in my town
This bank of upper Canada coin from 1857 I found.
The misprint of the left cat gives a good representation of what life looks like when you don’t have your glasses on versus when you do.
I don’t think my ice cream is pleased to see me
Blew my nose and part of it came out
Piece off my chicken thigh looks like a sperm
This takes "no homo" to a whole other level.
Jesus delivered my lunch today.
The largest shaped hot air balloon in the world flew past me one time.
Jesus delivered my lunch today.
I threw a cake out of the window and it landed like this and smashed the plastic roofing
This Huey's box fit perfectly in this small flat rate box
This misprinted Valentine’s Day dove wrapper
A graph in one of my textbooks depicting the drastic drop in genome sequencing costs following sequencing technology breakthroughs.
This spaghetti loop that I pulled out of a new package
The way this leaf melted its shape into the ice.
This boat wanted to be a castle in life.
Bluebell Stalagmite
A lamp made from old brass microscope
The smoke in front of my projector looks like a nebula
A salesman's neon light kit in the early 1900's when this had not been heard of yet. Imagine trying to sell this then?
My water bottle fits perfectly in the gym
English actor Sean Bean's real name is Shaun Bean
This library used to be a textile factory.
This library used to be a textile factory.
Recreational marijuana (sold legally) in a child-proof capped jar
This Milk Handle Wasn't Punched.
Strip club urinals!
My friend just sent me this picture. Try and find what’s wrong with it
On a buisiness trip. Walked to a nearby pizza joint and ordered a “slice”, this is what they gave me. hand for size comparison.
What's for dinner? I mean, city council?
This miniature drawing
My friend ordered a replacement AirPod and it came in its own special box.
This big clump of unprocessed dog food I found in my dog’s bag of food. (Regular processed dog food for reference)
The first straw I received at Outback Steakhouse wanted to be a Pixie Stick real bad
This U-turn signal
This one footed seagull on a bar railing
Four Cheez-its in my box fused together to make a super Cheez-it
I found the "the WHAT" lady in my hometown grocery store.
Tree cut for fire wood didn’t care for it.
my nail polish mostly rubbed off and left this creepy face
Just realized this book has different page sizes
if you zoom in, a wild upvote appears.
these ww2 tank models i found in my fathers junk box...
The way this water froze on the chocolate toppings I had
Huge Nixon/Agnew Coin
Huge Nixon Coin
My pizza came in a paper bag
It's crop milk not blood, they are just trying to feed the baby at the same time
What he done this time?
I have minus one missed calls
I have minus one missed calls
The layers of sawdust behind my workshop saw.
The layers of sawdust behind my workshop saw.
this really strange looking Taki that i saw
Some of the urinals at Singapore International Airport have a fake fly printed on for target practice.
A restaurant near me has the old 2006 sprite logo
This chrome AWD piece on my car that was barely hanging on for dear life
The "drainpipe" at this hospital building
This Subway is also selling a car...I will take the car IF you throw in a dozen cookies!
This very interestingly shaped popcorn
My SO's dogs look like the we bare bears
My SO's dogs look like the we bare bears
Lorax pictures taped up all around my school- no explanation
This shampoo has Braille on the cap
This sign for an entrance that’s assessable by handicapped people.
The tiles in this restroom look out of focus
Untaping a goalie hockey stick after 3 months
My daughter picked the puzzle and I found the tin cup
Old pair of shoes next to new pair of shoes, exact same brand and style.
The yellow letters in this store's sign spell "POT"
This $1 tip I received at work.
This Diet Coke came with a regular Coke cap
My grandfather collected antique pharmaceutical bottles and other interesting pharmacy items. This is in the collection that I inherited.
This church with 4 or 5 different types/styles of brick
I found this relic in a bag of potting soil
This hat's bill is made out of cork.
This cloud that looks like a bird feather
This strawberry from our package from the grocery store today...
Amazon Messed Up My Order So I Now Have Two Stuffed Velociraptors
the size of this orange compared to a salt shaker
Electric assisted push wheelchair
The way my switch illuminates my nintendo ds from behind
I own 105 pairs and 6 mismatched socks.
This bicycle saddle can be used as an lock
This bicycle saddle can be used as a lock
This face on the back on my cookie
Old theatre in Buenos Aires transformed into a bookstore
My toast has holes in it
This pen/syringe from a hospital gift shop
This pen/syringe from a hospital girt shop
Old Weiner dog has grey stripes on his ears
An usefull portal.
I broke my Nalgene bottle by knocking it off a desk today. Thought these were indestructible.
Someone made an arching Karen
My cat Lily's eyes match the colour of my kitchen.
There’s a fetus in my cracker!
The fine for feeding pigeons near Barcelona
There's a kid I know who eats bananas like this.
This mutunt toilet roll
This urinal has a football and goal post to help you hit the sweet spot.
The way my pencil was sharpened
This banana shaped wet floor sign
Heart shaped dry spot, while everything else is wet
This very orderly circuit board
A tiny crane I folded
my sleep during midterms exams week
This double nugget.
This completely black pile of snow at my University.
The Way This Gift Message is Attached
This square cutout in this construction to see the crosswalk sign.
This 1920 penny I found nearly years ago is finally 100yrs old.
Potato left under fridge for 2 months.
I made this in Snapchat by accidentally leaving my phone on in my pocket
This rock broke in H A L F
Friend of mine saw this on the highway earlier today
My hair split in the middle...
My classroom's curtains have torn shaped like Africa.
This Bar’s Bathroom Faucets Are Beer Taps
This thing I made out of colored pencils
My classroom's curtains have torn shaped like Africa.
The way the US president writes in lower case “I” . Log book of Tajmahal
a few minutes after i refilled the soap dispenser with a different brand
This tortilla “chip” I found in my Costco nachos
The slice of bread shaped as Australia
My milk came with 2 lid seals.
The way this glass broke today
The way the soap dripped and made this little 4
The worlds the smallest store back in 1916. A shoe shop in downtown Amsterdam
Dirt thrown on pond
My sponge that sprouted
A hot cheeto pizza, which was actually pretty good
My biology teacher made a question about Squirtle.
The longer I stared at this, the more questions I had..
This person makes tiny drawings
The river was oddly calm for a winter day. Made great reflection.
My stressball eggplant, looks like baby white eggplant when squished
This sweet potato I've stored for ~some time~ looks like a Pokémon
I know a few people that desperately need this
My stressball eggplant, looks like baby white eggplant when squished
My stressball eggplant, looks like baby white eggplant when squished
My stressball eggplant, looks like baby white eggplant when squished
The way this bulb blew out
Ice cubes son looks more like ice cube than ice cube looks like ice cube
Thick See's Molasses Chip
So my friend forgot to stop the stopwatch a while ago
This aptly named road.
This “wonderful orange flavor” energy drink
If only our hostel had these!
This road name in the Georgia mountains
Seeing double outside of my work today.
This honey station at my hotel's breakfast buffet
They sure don't make garlic bread like they used to. What happened to just bread, butter and garlic?
The way Apple uses plastic-less packaging
Texting and driving statistics
This ice looks a lot like water
The bathroom at my hotel has a special shelf where you can put your phone while you take a shit...
The way the snow filled the cracks in my pavement
These lamps look like upside down champagne glasses
family feud answer... nice
The "in" section of this stamp on a letter opener was loaded backwards.
Fidget spinner indented on school door
A completely straight quaver
Outside my local clinic
This picture I took of the sun looks like a white black hole
My rabbit's ear
The way my keys look like they should fall but rest easily
(Some) of the fossils, quartz, and interesting rocks I've found on the creek bed behind my house in Virginia
This ice I wanted to eat
Chocobo taxi parked at my school
We got a snow squall emergency warning this morning. Now, less than 4 hours later, you can't even tell it happened.
Light from open fire makes my light shade look like a jack-o-lantern with a beanie cap on !!
I have a condition caused distichiasis that causes my eyelashes to grow in multiple rows
The way the snow melted on this tree after a flash snow storm.
Foot and paw prints left on the sidewalk after clearing a light snowfall with a leaf blower
My daughter just texted me this from her high school bathroom. Glass half full?
This not being covered by my healthcare provider.
Whatcha doin bud? Going for a brap? [OC]
This is what a mid flight jet looks like on Google Maps.
Found a heart shaped potato
This piece of wood was put up to block the large gap in the restroom stall.
My snails leave patterns in the algae on my tank walls when they munch!
A grocery store near me sells real wasabi root from Japan for 199 dollars a pound.
I can’t believe we all been like this . And I can’t remember myself when I was like this !
Water doesn't stick to the stove
Our local power company hosts a trout derby at the cooling pond of the decommissioned nuclear power plant.
The water doesn't stick to this stove top
Women's and Men's signs at local restaurant
The water doesn't stick on the stove top
A birthday surprise from my colleagues; tp room.
This old Chicago building wedged in between two more modern buildings
This huge roll of Y2K Compliant stickers I found in one of our office break-rooms
A road to a house in Sweden photograph from the same location during 2 seasons.
Two carrots in one
The restaurant I’m at uses straws made of straw.
This dogpoop that's stepped on, which looks like a sitting dog
A car that was near my grocery store today.
I got a stem in my apple slices at school
These Gnome Bath Bombs
This taco-looking fortune cookie with an open face and no fortune inside
The way light reflects onto this building.
I was just eating an apple and saw thing thing popping out
This ticket queue system prints tickets with a sudoku puzzle to solve while you wait
68 is on my view but if you flip it it's a bigger number, 89.
Same type of cereal from Lidl, different shade of colour on the packaging
Pepsi cups that are 100% compostable (I still ditch the lid and straw though)
Old Coors Can found in a Cinder Block Wall.
An 8000 grit sanding disc (feels like cotton)
This Yearbook for my school from 1953
A leaf fell on this sidewalk when it was still freshly poured.
An ivory tissue in this box of white tissues
My Peeps have a mutated 3rd eye.
This baby spork that came with an individual serving of canned peaches from a vending machine
There are 20 states (yellow) that have lower African American populations than the city of New Orleans. Whats more surprising is that THE TOTAL AA Population the 24 states (orange and yellow) COMBINED is less than the AA Population of NYC!
There are 20 states (yellow) that have lower African American populations than the city of New Orleans. Whats more surprising is that THE TOTAL AA Population the 24 states shaded COMBINED is less than the AA Population of NYC!
How much an Anatolian Shepard grows in a year.
Sometimes I make things and leave them in the fridge for my roommate to find
This ‘towel animal’
My latte has wrinkles
My college’s busses have buttons for gear shifts instead of a stick
Came across an absurdly large lemon at work today
These Bowl shades make the counter look wavy
My latte has wrinkles
The goosebumps on my arm
My fortune is sealed into the packaging
Found this sold in a supermarket. Never knew hemp seeds can be consumed and are nutritious.
This ice looks like a bee wing!
The lock on this door handle is another tiny door handle
This Cheez-It with the center punched out
The proportions of toys from a pack of 24 Kinder eggs (I gave two away)
A boiled penguin egg
Cleaning out attic
Me and my girlfriend found what looks like a dried up dead bee or wasp hive while walking her dogs. Is that what it is??
My tin of tomatoes had two lids.
Pi Network Cryptocurrency
Helped my dad hook up the old Rotary dial phone. And it works.
A student I work with made a titan (Kaiju) themed Valentine's card and just showed it to me.
Some paint dried and fell out of my pallet. This is the bottom!
I got a green and white Haribo tangfastic in the shape of a cola bottle
This misprinted penny
This McDonald’s with local newspapers
This spec card from Lego of the “actual” Millennium Falcon.
My brother in front of the cat picture
This fruit didn’t know, what fruit to be: orange or grapefruit. So it did both
My lip balm has an uneven rim so it's easier to open the tin
Only one half of my bottle has soda bubbles on the inside.
This surge rate is ridiculous.
This accumulation of staples on this remover
One of my eggs had two small yolks instead of one
One of my Cremini mushrooms had a stalk growing out of its side
I made a cheeseball pyramid
Vine managing its way inside from the outside.
This fort resembles Mickey Mouse (Forte de Santiago)
This fork chopstick and Panda Express
This old Ford truck I found near my neighborhood.
One of my frozen mini pizzas has excess pepperoni
This privacy pod...
Washed a 20 euro bill and the colors changed....
a crappy cake...
Astronauts can get stuck in position if they are not near anything to grab onto, can require a lot of effort to get out of this position
My homemade cone makes my cat appear as if she has no body.
The sink sunk into the ground, tearing away from the glue revealing the old wallpaper.
This tiny crab plastered in sea salt
I found a leaf with a heart in it
Odd long 45v, 9v battery...9v battery for scale
So my friend managed to drunkenly summon a cat
Ball of Flavour in my crisp bag
A wasp which is a bit too long dead
I bit this apple and it split with a ridge (one bite)
Saw bead iron art on a sign on my way home.
This freeway overpass has a plaque saying who built it and when it was built
Next level armour wasps
The way the snow melts faster on one side of this street.
Thank me laterr.
This perfectly cut rock pillar at a temple in Karnataka, India
My university using white models instead of black models for black history month shirts
My colleague doesn’t like touching money, so she uses disposable gloves when counting out at the end of the day.
I found a glitch in the matrix
my grandma’s dog grew an extra toe.
Reflection of my water bottle looks like The Amazing Spider-Man logo
I found a uh.. thing!
When your computer tells you how it really feels about you
This guys glasses
The m's came off the m&amp;ms and stuck to the top if the brownie
I finally built a card towet with all 32 cards
The fog this morning during sunrise
These batteries have the terminal indicator on the wrong side
Bird silhouette from slamming into my Pharmacy’s window
Bird silhouette after slamming into my Pharmacy’s window
Mummy for ancient Egyptian civilization sleeps peacefully for 4000 years. What a glory.
Spider plant roots, or fingers...
an entire tree of driftwood on this beach in St Petersburg, FL
This barcode on my pot of instant ramen.
Lake Malawi in Africa kinda looks like the nation its in.
Bodybuilder answering questions about syringes on Amazon? Got an expert here!
This t-shirt I found online (and bought)
Another thing I drew in school.
This thread stuck on a NYC subway window made a clear circle in the dust
The label of this matchbox.
The lights in this restaurant look vaguely like Assassin's Creed emblems.
This avocado has a hollow seed
Calmly waiting for a hand out at Mickey D's.
Got it for free
Thank me laterr,.
I found a set of conjoined matches.
Weathered STOP sign
The lichen on this rock made a cool pattern.
My potato bag is made out of potatoes.
This ginger route looks like a squirrel
The way my hot chocolate swirled
Am I a ludite? I'm using my Kindle for a bookmark.
This packing tape I found on two ramen flavor packets
Floating Ford
The reflection of the coins
This barcode
a rainbow coming from the sun hitting our fishtank (ignore the laundry in the back)
Found this in a bag of goldfish a friend had
Quantore's logo looks like a certain American state
My M&amp;M broke in half and then got painted
Found this hair on my sink twerking like Tina.
Women with 31 fingers called a witch throughout her life
Glitch in Matrix at job
This lift that goes in a huge loop through the forest
Flying squirrel watching me work.
I made a dog that bites your fingers when you pull it out | Karakuri Envelope
Saw this web during the day but couldn’t capture it. Went back out at night with the flash and got this picture.
The light reflection on this knob of my 3D printer
Smiley left in Mac and Cheese container after emptying it.
These pieces all came from one orange.
These pieces all came from on orange.
My burger came in Mini Containers with ‘Fragile’ and ‘O.C.Cleared’ tags
This bus covered in mud to prevent its paint from getting damaged on carnival days by the ink thrown around I'm the streets
Painted Starry Night on my converse
Valencia, Spain
Perfect circle of melt
This shrine to be a fallen bicyclist in Manhattan
This branch that grew into a knot
My coffee refill ended up in layers
These monstrous sweet potatoes that my mom grew. Hand for scale.
This autoshops clock
A bear casually strolling through my front yard
this cat outside my restaurant, looking for something to eat too
The way these sound waves look like an actual reflection of the sun’s light on the ocean
I always thought Tic Tacs were at bit addictive
The way these sound waves actually look like a sunset reflection on the ocean
This tree was filled in with concrete blocks
Found a small movie ticket to the 1993 film “Hard Target” inside the book I’m reading
There’s a smiling mustached man inside my porch light
I bought 7 apples, now I'm feeling lucky
My sleep pattern before and during marijuana withdrawal
This water mark in my grandparents garage looks like a gorilla
My hospital has springs at the bottom of the handicapped sign so in the case that someone hits it, the pole won't need replaced.
One uninflated bubble in a sheet of bubble wrap.
Stealth ship and submarine off California coast
Lake Michigan shoreline is transformed in winter to include some crazy ice formations. Here are some pictures from this past weekend that include some days old ice spheres and ice volcanoes. We sat and watched the waves crash for as long as we could tolerate the cold wind.
This scuff mark on Metro that looks like a man, dressed for the cold.
The temperature difference on my Hot Pocket
If you Google search "Google, you're the best", this is their top result
silver coloured Pepsi Max can
This extra long &amp; uncut toilet paper “square”
I ate the chocolate pancake even though it pulled a cute surprised face.
My pencil that gave up at the end ❤️
This all black squirrel that visits my yard every day. (1 in 10,000 rarity)
Thought this was quite entertaining.
Thank me later..
This extra long &amp; uncut toilet paper
Curb Your Enthusiasm makes fun of a painting that is sitting directly behind the monitor I was watching.
My chips are compromised of two seperate packets.
Thermal Image of a Cat
This cup at my hotel
A failed attempt at demolition led to The Leaning Tower of Dallas
My 'Italian Reuben' sandwich looked a little bit like Italy
The algorithm is working
I made an unintentional frownie face
My yogurt had a message on its lid. It made me research and it turns out it's made in France, however the text it's not in French. I do not know what it says
This bathroom in Cambodia has it's own DVD rental booth.
The fact that these were posted together
Using tic tac cap to create nail impression on fingerprints
When the cloud during the sunset comes to meet water and shares it’s perfect reflection :)
My old mincraft world has got a broken nether portal
A layer of cloud above the other
The field only froze where there is shade
The way this owl hides in plain sight.
Thank me laterrr.
The hanging tree project at my university froze over.
We've had the shirt for awhile but I just noticed that it looks like it has a face [can someone let me know if it is a face]
We've had the shirt for awhile but I just noticed that it looks like it has a face [can someone let me know if it is a face]
This teaspoon for sugar, has a small bulge so you eat healthier and save more sugar
Church in Brazil installed bollards to deter homeless people. I think they are missing their purpuse (priest AND bollards).
Found my pristine (and laminated) blockbuster card from 2006.
Just a cruise ship shaped mall
This coke looks like a window to the universe
Had this laptop for 3+ years. I was today years old to discover what HP means.
don't know where this originally came from, found this on another social media page and found it midly intrestering
Plumbar table, a good way to recycle old pipes
The alien in my razor cap
Found this gem while cleaning some stuff out.
McDonalds showing a sign about temperature admist the COVID-19 outbreak.
This guy plays multiple instruments to accompany his amplified beatboxing
The yoke slid out of it's white when I went to flip my eggs this morning.
When everyone else was in a hustle bustle I saw this cute little being in the most relaxed posture ever ! Matching the ecosystem around him and for me was true example of nature at its best!
When everyone else was in a hustle bustle I saw this cute little being in the most relaxed posture ever ! Matching the ecosystem around him and for me was true example of nature at its best!
When everyone else was in a hustle bustle I saw this cute little being in the most relaxed posture ever ! Matching the ecosystem around him and for me was true example of nature at its best!
I found this stone shaped like a guitar tip at a lake, I think it even works.
Kobe &amp; Gigi! Score, time, &amp; shot clock from Celtics vs Lakers game last night
Capacity/Utilization level with IoT technology?
I left a summer roll on my desk for 4 days. The bean sprouts are sprouting.
The Shape of this Lemon
My chocolate syrup looks like the country of Australia
I found that cat from the meme in a museum
Toilets with a view in Switzerland
In all the years of waiting at baggage claim, I never noticed this emergency off button.
When the sky and the wheel colors all looked part of the same cherry blossom in Tokyo !
My apple with a stripe
Finally found another one of these folded snow phenomenons
When the sky and the wheel colors all looked part of the same cherry blossom in Tokyo !
When the sky and the wheel colors all looked part of the same cherry blossom in Tokyo !
Towel animal made by the cruise ship housekeepers
A Japanese ¥1 coin is so light it won't even break surface tension on water.
The way the rain was running down the window of my bus earlier
I scraped my finger, then got a big tattoo on my calf. My finger scabs are black from the ink in my bloodstream.
These baby stingrays look like ravioli with a soul
Didn’t think I would see this
Introducing: the condom tomato
Introducing: the condom tomato
Beaver snack
The beginning of a root system in a tomato seed. Bonus loop-di-loop
Who likes black cock?
This bottle of wine that was left on my freezing porch.
Rubius
I busted my knuckles at work last week and now that it’s healing I realized that I can see my heartbeat when I clench my fist
This extremely small beaker
Cockpit of Soviet operated Concorde airplane
What’s inside an Orange ? More Oranges!
Thank me laterr..,
The way the clouds look
A warning sign
The ingredients section on this toothpaste tube explains where each ingredient comes from and what it does
I was eating some Nerds and found a Nerd that wasn't coated with flavoring
Mini-player makes scary mask over YouTube video
The bathroom mirror in my hotel room has a heater to remove the steam after a shower
The way my Google News articles lined up perfectly.
The Farmington (NM) Public Library looks like the Millennium Falcon from above.
One of my mini pizzas came packaged upside down.
These pastel highlighters I found at my mom's house
This hotel room has a volume knob for the TV in the bathroom
This seagull stole my metro card
The worst sausage
These remains of a tree that apparently grew through a fence.
While cleaning up my gallery I saw these perfectly placed memes with the exact same image
A drive-in bakery in Germany
The packaging was lies! All lies!
Dead Cells allows you to change the appearance of food found in the game based on diet.
Twitter's trending during trump's visit to India 2020
Someone in Spain strongly hates capitalists
Found an old beano hidden in a roof I’m changing , nice little time capsule
Donald Trump's India visit. Wall made to hide slums, how do u feel about it ?
This news paper from the Dominican republic used a picture of Alec Baldwin as Trump
This flow of water in a sink I saw at work
So I found this. In this
This moss looks like the tumblr logo
These bananas for scale would be a fail
Mc Donalds wow just wow!
The header colour for this sub made my battery look like it was empty
The way this fence has been diging into the pavement at my school
I heard a noise behind my furnace and there was a stray cat living behind my furnace.
Neighbor’s outside light being warped by our bathroom window almost made me sh*t myself...
The way my fume extractor sucked my monomer and polymers onto the side of my fume cabinet in a crystal mountain range. (I work in a dental laboratory)
There's a vending machine for eggs in the foyer of my bank
Home sick and a friend shared this picture.
I heard a noise behind my furnace so I put my phone over the dry wall, and there was a stray cat living behind my furnace. She was super sweet and we are now trying to find where she got into the house.
My cartilage injury was treated by Dr. Cartlige
This user has been editing a comment daily since December to not forget Etika
This user is editing a comment daily to not forget Etika
This user is editing a comment daily to not forget Etika
What deep sea worms look like under a microscope.
Plant’s shadow looks like a face
This speed limit sign on an old country dirt road
The way my iPhone 11 took a photo of my clock in total darkness.
People crawl into a supermarket like zombies
Food or Poop? (Found in local gas station)
There's a heart shape on my snack today!
This got my attention
This little steam engine
The way this Spruce's Pines grew
This beer almost looks like it's floating
So somehow this Cameron guy is allowed to pretend his book is written by a famous dead author
Little crabs built a home from a huge rock and the surface looks like this.
Beautiful Orange and Yellow Sunset
My aunt's preserved leaf from 1979
Customer at work gave me this dollar bill shaped like a space ship.
There were several other examples of similar tree proximity in this neighborhood.
This date on a bread clip
This monkey my dad found burried in the frontyard
This monkey my dad found burried in the frontyard
This monkey my dad found burried in the frontyard
This monkey my dad found burried in the backyard
The morning sun melt the ice on my car in a perfectly straight line.
Beutiful Orange and Yellow Sunset
Two coins, made in the same year
This bus door polished the metal floor.
My Sunset
My Sunset
The “feels like” was 40.....climate change man
Albino peacock
No one even brought it up on the show...
For some reason my camera didnt pick up anything but the lights
Speed, temperature, and gas tank all displaying the same number on my car’s dashboard
I found a Walmart display of hangers that resembles Paris' Arc de Triomphe.
Found a completely striped boat in the middle of a desert
This frog and this turtle
Inspiration for a Whiskey Diet
this sign i saw on a bike ride
Pre packaged tooth brush without bristles.
Found in a bathroom
This lemon 🍋
The number of urinals in this bathroom
The way the ice melted in the exact shape of this car's shadow
My friends car can tell when you're drowsy by your ability to stay in your lane
An nearby structure fire created so much smoke that it appeared on local weather radar. (building was under construction and unoccupied)
This baby carrot that came out of the bag posing as a hot dog
Found this at the Jama Masjid in Delhi, India
Satellite picture taken at different times during the day
Eggs shaped like a Wi-Fi signal.
Local gas station prices
This mouthwash in the restaurant’s washroom.
My Costco food order number
My gf broke up with me
Park at 90 Degrees sign is posted at a lopsided angle
My birthday
My AirPods case landed like this on my bed when I threw them (I can’t prove it obv but idc it made me happy)
My AirPods case landed like this on my bed when I threw them. (I can’t prove it but idc it made me happy 🥺)
Seating to watch you poo
I’ve Been Waiting. But I finally did it boys! Now for 69420!!
This urinal has two handlebars.
This coffee cup lid wasn’t moulded correctly
Pink Floyd Tesla
the way the paint peeled off my pallet
For the sinner in a hurry
Chocolate bunny: some assembly required
This library card
Harbor Seal in my county in Washington took a stroll through the forest.
Sweet potatoes with veins
The way this candle is burning since one wick wouldn’t light
I recently acquired a grow your own mushroom kit and this is after 1 week
Found this at my local park.... kids these days
this ice cube formation is
When some kids at the park thinks he's clever
Chocolate bunny: some assembly required
The light going through my lava lamp onto my shorts
The captions team for Locke &amp; Key captioned the sound a banana makes when being peeled
The end of the hanger looks like a dragon head
This 23 mph sign
These sausages were culturally imported from Germany and became popular in the United States. Now they have been culturally exported back to Germany as "American Style" hot dogs (picture is from a German grocery store).
Spilled engine oil on my new suede shoes. Cried for a minute then decided to put on a latex glove and coat them in oil evenly, somehow I now like them more.
These different shades on the same wall, made by varying shadow intensity.
I found this wood with a face carved into it.
Spilled engine old engine oil on my brand new red suede shoes. Cried for a minute then decided to put on a latex glove and coat the remaining suede and decided I now like them even better.
I 3D-printed a LEGO Gandalf complete with Glamdring
The windows vista boot menu looks like im hacking!
Huge bathroom stall, but for two toilets
I tossed a few whole potatoes into the oven earlier tonight. An hour later, found this one and it’s skin about 4 inches apart on the baking sheet.
The Hotel we ate at had a 9th floor Lobby....
I 3d printed a LEGO Gandalf
I’ve never understood my grandparents’ painting...
The way the soap shapes when pushed into the water
You can’t un see this kitchen faucet shape...
You can unsee this kitchen faucet.
Fiancée put our game away, seems to fit in perfectly.
This giant mushroom I found
painted 85 years ago by my grandfather
This person put a band-aid over a dent on their car. I have never seen this before
Spongebob is a radiation victim
High level planning
Only make these every 4 years
This massive peanut m&amp;m I found
Left is a clean headset, and right is an hour of use with makeup.
My father-in-law made my son a light saber with parts around the house.
I left some homemade hot chocolate out after drinking it, and the rest at the bottom hardend and cracked.
This oyster on a saltine cracker.
My best friend took inspiration from my pen xD
The old hand painted advertisements on this old building.
My off brand Oreo
A man’s Baseball Bat Cane I saw this week
abnormally thin slice of bread
Unique storage unit
The colors on this frosting
The colors on this frosting
This Store Called Boomers
This soap cracked
This Tupperware trapped the bath water after I drained the tub
I've never seen a sign like this at a hotel before
I forgot about my potatoes for a couple months.
Is this how it works, ladies?
This person has 6 toes.
This gas station attendant’s shroom top.
The subtle male/female design of these bathroom doors I found in Sydney.
My mother got a cheque over 3€ that she'd been still owed after having left her company a while ago
This towel hook at my moms house
This tape expires in 11000 years.
My soda expires on 4-20-20
My wife found a piece of corn cob in our popcorn
My aunt “finishes” my 2 year olds paintings he does when he visits
My dominant foot based of how mulch was moved.
How the wax dried after I turned the candle warmer off
Found an arithmetic book from 1862 filled with doodles and rubbings of a Swedish coin.
My straw got crimped with the wrapper
This chopstick wrap tells you how to use them
Blood on bandaid looks like jack-o-lantern
I found a pepper and a pepper growing in my pepper
This Iron Man car
My mini radio/bluetooth speaker shaped like a jukebox that I won at a party (burger slipper for scale)
My broken terra cotta plate is grey inside
The way this shower house is heated
I can't sleep so I am writing pi as a power of three.
My spilled coffee looks like the Hawaiian islands.
These sandwich recipes I found in an old cookbook
The stalactites forming on the soap rack in my shower.
What he done this time?
The way this spider makes itself look larger
Salt flats in between Salt Lake City Utah and Wendover Nevada.
I found a conjoined tortilla chip.
This chocolate wrapper has a encouraging message in it.
As mild as mild gets but I was just along for the ride when I noticed this catleaf!
My hitch connection for my truck
A car-shaped talkie chip
A car-shaped talkie chip
Close up picture of a squirrel
A car-shaped talkie chip
This Walmart thinks that Heineken is Irish
Ralph appears when Disney+ loses internet connect
His hair matches his car
Git the... bill...
This, still completely usable, lightbulb that’s also just another, smaller lightbulb soldered to the A10 base
A whisker from my mustache looks like a mustache.
I’ve never seen a red paper towel dispenser before
I’ve never seen a red paper towel dispenser before
Crunchyroll was originally going to be ported to the 3DS family of systems on March 6,2017, but because of the huge focus on Nintendo's newest handheld console, the Switch, the popular anime streaming service was cancelled and never made it to any of the systems except the Wii U.
These dollar bills are so new they're still connected.
My toaster came with a french translation sticker
This chicken nugget looks like a chicken leg
Polaroid sends an email to confirm subscription rather than automatically sending spam emails
Found this stick figure man while at the supermarket
The ESPN cameraman has a cheat sheet to help identify the head/offensive/defensive coaches. (XFL Battlehawks STL)
This floating table I made with fishing line
My friend's weird looking hand
I’m McLovin it.
Someone posted this at my local Sears that’s shutting down after several decades of business
Unrolled taki
My SO and I both bought bunny rabbits for each other's 5 year anniversary.
My dog's tail fur looked like it was braided today
This steamed print looks like an anglerfish (looked like a perched bird 10 sec ago)
This Albinov Sea turtle, it looks beautiful
Snow pattern
This car's interior is covered in fur.
The lofi study stream went on for 13,165 hours or roughly 1.5 years
My husband came home from a trip with some Mr. Rogers' encouragemints. They're very strong peppermints.
I didn't factor the labels when warming in the microwave
I did not factor in the labels when warming in the microwave.
These two posts that have coincidentally aligned
Hilton napkins think Australasia is a place.
This black and white photo of a rocket launch
My hand after the pool, then 20 minutes later.
Got a double triscuit today
This old key was under the paint in a parking lot &amp; the melting snow eroded it
These refrigerator magnets are historical figures
One of my uncles looks suspiciously like Chef BoYardee...
My friends phone case is made out of the same wood as this table
This bird on a no parking sign
10 n/a
Almost 100 year old (1928) $5 bill I found today
I was mining when I found an empty mob spawner
An emu egg weighs up to 2 pounds, roughly the equivalent of 12 chicken eggs.
These three stores all have similar color schemes on their signs
Microwaving these noodles takes longer than soaking them in boiling water
The Berlin Wall and the Brandenburger Tor, 1985. My photo.
My AirBnB in rural Virginia provided a bottle of dental gel from the National Hotel of Cuba as the toothpaste option.
This non-formed, flat Scoops chip.
The tag on this shirt was sewn on upside down.
The worn out grips from using this controller for so many years.
Sahara sand today on the Canary Islands... airports closed down until tomorrow.
My garlic is growing a garlic
This car has a Skyrim license plate.
This double fortune cookie for twice the luck
This 2mph speed limit sign
The water from this pipe froze
My crumpled used paper tissue looks a bit like a dragon's head.
Google maps plane has different airline on each side
Found the mystery machine while on the road today
The electricity pylon/ transmission tower in Orlando is shaped like Mickeys head!
These cool ice formations at a waterfall.
The White House has a Russian doll collection (Matryoshka doll)
My Sister’s hot “Cheeto”
This stop light specifically for U-turns
This shopping cart
These cool ice formations at a waterfall.
Evolution of Man on dirty car?
The sheer amount of wax on this candle
The mason embedded a fifty-cent piece in this cement slab
When you need to work on your inner gangster
My orange had a little orange on its bottom.
A weird translucent shower head at my father in laws house.
This ice on a waterfall
my lifesaver gummy didn’t have the hole in it
The restaurant’s soup of the day in the Philippines is tequila.
The camouflage of a lizard
When renovating their bathroom about 10 years ago, my parents found a mummified parakeet in the walls. We have never owned a parakeet. To this day it sits in their bathroom, ever vigilant.
Excedrin Extra Strength and Excedrin Migraine have the exact same ingredients in the same amounts.
Clear p-trap, here's another one from the same house that has been heavily used
My younger brother's hair is coiled like a spring.
The way this sink is built
This bathroom had a sharps disposal bin and a little mirror to check if your fly is zipped.
This looks like a before and after picture (guy in the orange)
This test label from a label maker
This picture of me skiing that looks like I’m on the moon
Saw this shirt from across the mall and thought it was Halloween themed.
Soap on my car’s sunroof in the car wash
This cactus pad is a heart
The lamp shade’s shadow is eyeing me.
My inhaler has a counter so you know how many puffs are left.
You can see the scars left from YAG-laser iridotomy when I had ICL surgery (light line below pupil and hole at the top near outside of iris)
This dried leaf in a middle of a second hand book
This Starbucks gift card has braille on it
They forgot to paint the .5 on this plate.
This pen at work that ran out of ink after hundreds of uses.
The amount of geese and ducks at this lake by my local library.
Price of a singular cone
This cat's face divided exactly in half to gray and black.
Boarding a plane from the back via stairs.
This real tree that looks like a cell phone tower tree...
The German translation on this changing table is the only one with an exclamation point
Restaurant bathroom is full of memes
Cthulu Platinum, what's in your wallet?
Someone put googly eyes on a trash bin
Worn steel scrubber looks like Africa
Small sample from a wastewater treatment facility. Most of this ends up back in the environment.
The symbols on my friends bag aren't even drawn on
How This pot broke looks like it was done on purpose
This floor tries to imitate grass
This box cutter I found in a new scent booster container.
This onion with 6 centers
This onion with 6 centers.
Clouds looking like hand of god
This penny fits perfectly inside my sister's earrings.
Breathing on a window reveals the mark the suction cup made
This childrens book about Ruth Bader Ginsburg book I found at my local bookstore.
My cat’s eyes are slowly changing colour
The way this ice settled in the cup
Can you see a polar bear? I found this on the side of a planter at a fast food joint.
Looking up from the bottom of a 1950’s four legged AT&amp;T tower
This parking job by this truck driver
My lawn was forked in the middle of the night
This Missing Cat Sign
These decorative lions look like they’re angrily shaking their fists at each other
This marble I held towards the sun.
The way this wood got cut made a heart
Wind and debris makes little circle in windshield
This Pineapple juice they serve at Buffalo Wild Wings
Guy on the subway has orc hands
My toaster has an "A Bit More" setting
Mini Fireman Helmet fire extinguisher
Got a merged orange gobstoper
Fibonacci target fixation
These pieces are the best
The water in this pipe is frozen solid while the river is perfectly unfrozen
My husband designed and built this out of an old door.
I found a gem here under a bridge while biking. Is art
My burger looks like Pac Man
This egg is very lumpy
Same freckles
Chair Tree in Cambridge, Ma
This swing that lets someone swing with their kid
I work at a book/stationery store. Today my co-worker broght this piece of paper to test pens on.
Some of the odd cereals I found at my local grocery store
These two trees that grew completely fused together
This tree is explosive
The underside of a frog
I sliced a water drop with a hydrophobic knife
My friend's bag was tagged as "Firearm" instead of "Fragile" at an italian airport, causing her to wait way longer than expected at the baggage reclaim area.
My son pulled a weed out of the garden with a sock attached to it.
This oven at my work has a Chicken nugget button.
Bathroom signs at a tool shop
My wife's contact lens fogged up like a shower
This tap house has kegs for urinals
This toilet has a lip to lift the seat
Found the Laredo lock bridge
First signs of spring
Fresh CD vs CD after burning some songs
This water is shaped like a dog
Today I bit into a Kit Kat that’s just chocolate, no wafer... what does this mean?
All these double mushrooms I found in my fridge
This lamp design
The way my screen is cracked looks like Brian Johnson
The urinals at this bar are old beer kegs
The shadow of this glass non-rose water glass looks like a rose.
This arrow always points right. Except in the mirror
This banana wet floor sign at a local Dairy Queen
A heart shaped plum
My ice in my cup cracked strangely
A house cricket was wondering my room, gave him some banana before he goes outside
This cut on my finger.
This restraunt serves bowls of cereal.
My orange gave birth
The way the snow that was once on top of this handicap railing melted
The Sahara sandstorm covering the canary Islands right now, the biggest in the last 20 years
My fortune cookie had two fortunes inside it connected together.
This trinket made out of shells my crush got me from fijj.
Kraft dinner box 2020 vs. KRAFT dinner box 2012
A dinosaur crossing sign and a camouflaged dinosaur statue just behind it.
the ice formed a perfect lid on this cup
Me in 1969 vs. Me at 69
I was making a model, and the small amounts of silver paint mixed in with the blue paint made this pretty pattern in the water.
Flower didnt split before blooming!
This huge bathroom for just one toilet...
This hive that die on the motor of my truck (i don’t what insect it is)
Greetings Card company being understanding
This scans your items as they pass through on the conveyor belt at a local grocery store.
This hedge is made out of stones
Cloudy sky during the sun rise
Black toothpaste
Black toothpaste
This tangerine next to a really small tangerine
My local grocery store sells breakfast pogos.
The reflection of a puddle that water is dripping into.
Black toothpaste
This grape I skinned (kinda)
Black toothpaste
My nephews bday cake
My neighbourhood’s new library!
This snowflake on my jacket
The way this sign aged at my local Asian market
This melted XLR connector reincarnated as a keychain.
A picture of my mom and her friends (including Kate flannery from the office) sitting on my grandmother’s car
Poured molten zinc into rotten logs and created these metal structures.
Souvenir from Rome my brother got me
Went to pick up a package. It was mostly harmless.
I found a old cookie tin from 1942
Toilet bowl in the hospital is shaped like the outline of a face.
I wonder which came first
A 1955 Wheat Penny I got for change
This pattern my hot hot chocolate left after drinking it
My round egg this morning
Various bacteria growing on various selective and/or differential media.
Front ports on a PC looking like a happy dragon face.
My Apple With Breakfast This Morning
Beans + food coloring + hot glue and a cross cut of a tree
Europe's last sunset! That's the last ray of light here!
The way these oak leaves have fallen into this table. The flat ones get blown off I guess?
The Spray Paint Aisle at my local store
What the inside of an orange peel looks like (if you peel away the white-ish part on the inside)
I got an uncoated skittle that stuck to two other normal ones.
this shadow is casted on my ceiling every morning and its reminds me of Randall from Monsters Inc in a weird way.
The placement of these holes in an aluminum bracket I was making at work.
Residue from this hand sanitizer ate away the paint on the ledge
Layered and hand carved colored porcelain .
What do you think? What Wish wants to sell me..
Smiles are an ingredient in Goldfish crackers
Saw a perfect circular rainbow outside my plane window
Getting ready to glaze a batch of porcelain. The colors will become much more vibrant after the pieces are fired to 2300 F.
My total is the same as my receipt number.
My gummy worms are connected.
This picture of a chicken caught mid-blink
This add had many awards
My friend never pressed 7 or 8 ever
My friend never pressed 7 or 8 ever
My friend never pressed 7 or 8 ever
This post has a ton of awards
Bluebottle fly larvae under microscope
Found this on a beach when I was very very stoned and was convinced it had a face. Sure enough, in sober light, it does indeed have a face, even a little tongue going on in there.
This chicken nugget that looks like Mr. Hankey
This bent tree
this thick slice of ham I got on my pizza
Apparently Taco Bell's 2 custom flavors of mountain dew have very different densities
Tulips blooming
My boyfriend and I discovered we have matching freckle patterns on the same arm
My local farmers market was having a "special"
this welded figure I found while cleaning my house
That 2 eggs is 1/3 cup but 4 eggs isn’t 2/3...
View from my local park
My cat had a cyst inside his ear ice lanced. Now the fur on his ear grows white.
Found a Delorean
This butter melted like that in the microwave... strange.
Someone lady is selling giant dildos in front of McDonald's
My roommate has blue hair, my girlfriend has red hair, and my hair is brown and bleached. I lint rolled the kitchen doormat
Socks we got after the successful launch of the Antares NG-13 rocket.
This post on Nextdoor
The droplets in this water bottle
This barcode shaped like a barn and silo
Grabbed one potato chip, got two instead.
One of the suggested ways to wear a seamless wear on its packaging
My Girlfriend and I just discovered we have the same freckle pattern on the same arm.
This truck I’m driving next to is carrying condensed garbage cubes.
These greeting cards have a taco section.
This seashell, that looks like it's made from wood
Just a pub in Bangalore's backdrop with tapes donated by patrons over 30 years.
The way this glass refracts light
Thae way this glass refracts the light
X in the sky
How the light reflects off this guitar hero controller
Dying monitor looks like abstract art at Kohl's.
This tree is growing through a hole in the fence
A food platter served in an Indian restaurant as a map of the country with each dish representing a local dish of that particular region/state
The Sonic miniature on top of this movie theatre cup was obviously made before the massive backlash of the initial release trailer.
Found a Dorito roll-up
Trump lurking in the shadows of your bathroom...
It looks like my dogs are melded together.
Oh my Darling.. Left a clementine in my glove box for most of a year
My grandpa’s calculator from when he was an engineer and my calculator I use as a engineering major are the same model.
The glass for the indicator light on a BMW is green, which appears orange when the red break light glass covers it.
I have a freckle that looks a little bit like a weeping rose or flower of some sort.
Shoes on top of a pipe cover in an artificial creek.
These fake fruits covered in glass beads
Only one tree decided to start blooming recently, thought this could fit here.
This pepper had another pepper growing inside of it.
This is how a sandstorm from sahara looks like. No filters.
my skin flake had a hole in the middle (nsfw just in case)
Ever seen Elvis at 2x speed?
The milling marks of an iPhone 7.
My dog’s left eye is half blue, half brown.
The way jelly valentine hearts reflect on the kitchen wall
My dad found this from when the Detroit Tigers won the World Series in 1984 while we were moving
My Airbnb I just stayed at
This carton of milk expires on Leap Day.
Found bootleg copies of Disney's "Song of the South" on DVD in a store in Georgia.
This flower.
u/mr_roast_god put ‘‘tis one r/pewdiepiesubmissions and I thought it belonged here,
No alcohol under 18.
In my city, they have parking in the middle of the street which divides the directions of traffic
These bills from the bank are still connected
Spoon full of honey
This hot rod shopping cart at the Mardi Gras parade. It had a huge big block motor on the bottom rack.
This picture on a bus.
Something I noticed while just sitting there thinking...
The shaded half of the road is still wet
If you go to a Star Wars album on Spotify (it must be an album by John Williams) and play a song. The progress bar will turn into a light saber and you can change the color of the light saber by clicking the hilt. Here is the Sith light saber option in this little Easter Egg.
The shaded half of the road is still wet
Violinist plays during surgery to remove a tumour from her brain
Violinist plays during surgery to remove a tumour from her brain
Medicine cabinet at work still has a 1967 Counterdoses chart taped inside
Violinist plays during surgery to remove a tumour from her brain
This leftover piece in my candy hearts bag
The tab counter in Google Chrome turns into a smiley face on reaching 100 tabs
I work at a hotel and this is where all the used soaps end up.
Sandstorm in Tenerife makes photos like sepia.
Just found Luigi stained on my tiles
My pencil sharpener has an spare knife for when the current one gets dull
The way these two eggs cracked
It turns rainbow only at a certain angle
Probably the smallest graveyard in the world.
I found a poem I wrote when I was 9
This address with "and a half"
What the Frick fact!
A garden inside a house.
This no smoking floor in a hotel has no room 420.
This 235 foot (~71 meter) ferry (M/V Woods Hole) uses a fake owl as a scarecrow on the vehicle deck.
Went to open a new jar of PB and found two foil “seals”
This woman's boots perfectly matched the ornate carpet at the opera house I went to.
6 single asparagus wrapped in beef.
Spent a total of 2 hours on this homework, just to have to do it all over again. I would have fully completed it if it wasn't for 2 incorrect questions
So Cats Are Actually Lactose Intolerant
This cool soap my mom got as a gift
Meet my recorder. He remembers lots of thing
My mom had a sleepover at the White House with Chelsea Clinton
My aunt cross stitched her parents
The Desk Organizer I Bought Promotes Chivalry
Finally figured who kept triggering my front door camera.
The roof of this building looks an awful lot like the logo for the St. Louis Blues.
All of our spoons have the edge worn from constant slorping
This rose with different colors
This dog parking at the shoppingmall in Finland
This puffer fish washed up on the beach in Costa Rica
This McDonalds has a carousel horse decoration
This chef's name
This museum is basically just a bunch of houses with a roof on top
A weirdly shaped pretzel i found
This onion my mom left on the counter for 1 month
kinda sad kinda interesting
My sister will eat part of an apple, pear, etc, and just leave places. Like this end table thing, or a coffee table or the counter. Which in itself isn’t that bad, but she doesn’t put it on like a plate or napkin or paper towel. Just... a piece of fruit...on the table.
The bricks have worn away quicker than the mortar on this wall
The Bricks have Worn Away Quicker than the Mortar on this Wall.
My cousin is having brain surgery tomorrow so I made this video of him getting a new haircut by his friends &amp; family.
Construction equipment abandoned on a hill top
A watery pedestrian crossing.
A watery pedestrian crossing.
This Applebee's advertising itself as Non Smoking.
This store is 110% Pronounced as cunt.
The new 20 Pound note
The new 20 Pound note
The design the light reflecting of a decorative bowl we have leaves on our ceiling.
simple froge on history notes
My mattress arrived with a free miniature mattress.
A lot of Sony products in the UK just have a normal europlug in a little adapter
Apparently enough wealth keeps your name out of the news.
A cool serial number I found in change today
my grape is wide
Wind at the back of the airplane engine
The eggs in the fridge went bad and grew a stalagmite.
The way this post reflects off the above ad
One of the "buns" in my mini Oreo was upside down.
The way water flows out of the public fountain
Shredded tissue dog left on my floor looks like a dragon eating a strawberry
iPhone 11 camera quality, manage to capture each individual LED in a lightbulb
This anatomically correct horse toy
Bond branding starting up in my local supermarket.
this old leaky pen that dried up
These reusable muffin cups are so light they can’t break the surface tension of water.
This paperclip shaped like an upvote.
This bag's bar code
You can buy Taco Bell tortilla chips at Walmart!
The pulled out board in my kitchen makes it look like the ground is sloping
This Cheerio inside of another Cheerio I found in my bowl of Cheerios this morning.
This Wisky holder that looks like a train
My central heterochromia
The rear lights on the Lexus LC500 have an infinity effect
My peeps were all given third eyes instead of a left eye
Spotted this in my neighborhood. Somebody had a dream growing up and I'm glad they saw it through!
Bees outside the nest on a very hot day in 2003
My cat has a hidden birthmark inside his mouth
In one shopping trip I found a perfectly spherical lemon and this massive blueberry.
This 23 and a half speed limit sign.
This pregnant nutella jar (and a great waste of packaging)
Iceland doesn‘t want to deal wit your bullshit - and i think that‘s awsome
A dog with a beard
The coffee drips on my hand this morning
Found in a random book in a pub in Tokyo
This ping pong halfpipe I saw at a hotel in Munich
How my glass of cordial in the freezer started melting after bf left the door ajar
These pencil crayons make a histogram of how much they are used.
My morning coffee looks like a half cooked pancake.
When I get bored on the toilet...
Mexican peso coins
I just found a old-school G1 Breakdown transformer toy with the rubsign that still slightly works . I think it is from 80s
This cylindrical thermometer in my local bakery
Giant Croc, caught in colombo, Sri Lanka.
My pork belly had nipples
CANTAT-3 exposed after storm on Isle of Sylt (internet cable connecting Canada-Iceland-Faroe-United Kingdom-Denmark-Sylt)
This two-headed daffodil
Sad guy on wall tile
Found an entire chunk of cheese in my grated cheese.
Caught on my dads dashcam from earlier today
My coke can is in foreign (I live in Britain)
These stacked chips that I got at a Chili's
Hardest pee of my life...
The light’s reflection on this toilet seat looks like a sad face.
This sort of infographic thing at a subway station in Sweden informing about the digging of a new bus terminal (apologies if the translation is a bit off)
This old stone face in a rocky, mossy embankment!
Just some huge fuckin tits.
This workout machine has a fish game :)
My friend's vase looks like a surprised blowfish.
My friend's base looks like a surprised blow fish.
Spilled a drink and it reflected perfectly
Spilled a drink on my desk
A scraper I balanced at work today
My new debit card comes with accessibility features
My Trilobite found in Marrokko/Maider region is around 400 Million years old!
Found this seal pool toy
A company used old Crain grabbers to hold flowers
A piercing in there!
All the moisture absorbed from my shoe cabinet
There was a mini M&amp;M in my bag of coffee beans
Made a custom hydro flask (dripping gold) and tøp symbol on lid
What pizza looks like when its way over cooked
I shook my tub of sesame seeds and this happened.
A potato with a boner
Only nutella on this shelf has an anti-theft container
This upside down M
baby stingrays
My friend's bag was tagged as "Firearm" instead of "Fragile" at an italian airport, causing her to wait quite longer than expected at the baggage reclaim area!
The wire of my extension is bended in way that makes it's shadow go into a loop
This hot chocolate I bought in Italy looks like it’s pure melted chocolate.
Stacking coins on a magnet.
The way the ice formed on my sunroof in the morning.
I found Nacho Cheese flavored charcoal in my Doritos bag today
No T-rex’s allowed
Paper bags being used as signs for reusable bag displays
On the galixly note 8 it leaves this on notification if you dont have a sim card
The bird poop on my window looks like a bird.
My neighbourhood’s new library!
The Hunt Street mini library!
The magic of a good wax I did on it
This community library I found while walking my dogs
If I die tonight, this pile of paper plates is the #1 suspect
If I die tonight, this pile of paper plates is the #1 suspect
This pizza box bin I found on the beach.
take a look to inside of this glass
Here is an egg with double yolks, which happens about .1% of the time.
Most of the flags on my homemade banner fell halfway down on their side corresponded to the side/curve of the rope they were attached to
Redundant steps.
The colour of reddits arrow as been solved
Lord I am tempted with ice-cream
The curved icicles and branches remained after the propane tank was moved
The way this leaf floats after being cut up
This brand of coffee is slightly more dense than water, so the ice cubes that melted left a layer on top.
You can shake the cheese off of cheese balls, apparently.
I just found this old poster from when I was eight
I just found this old poster from when I was eight
this picture i drew with a spirograph
Tree regrowth 11 years after the 2009 Black Saturday fires in Victoria, Australia. These fires resulted in the tragic loss of 173 lives and wiped out the town of Marysville.
These glasses are for cutting onions.
This friggin huge strawberry I found today
Toasted Corn and Taco flavored Doritos
Toasted Corn and Taco flavored Doritos
Toasted Corn and Taco flavored Doritos in Japan
For fuck's sake, our society is crumbling.
These thin mint wrappers look like condoms
These glasses are for hay fever
These glasses are for hay fever
These glasses are for hay fever
This rodent stash looks like a map of the UK.
An ice cube stuck to the side of my glass
Goethe knews all doggish protocol back in 1808
These hair products that tell you exactly what they're for
looks exactly like the package
Just wondering, why is no one talking about the dick lake in russia?
Hotel I’m staying at has exit signs on the floor as well as the ceiling
My eyes are grey, not blue or green.
My bus has USB charging ports
Trevor has been at it a while
How this tree grew around these rocks
There was a random 59 engraved into my pancake this morning
My ticket count
These two small trees (Side) wrapping around a larger tree.
The vending machine at the hotel I’m staying at gave me back dollar coins instead of quarters.
These siamese twin matchsticks
So there’s been some debate, here’s another angle of my gold fish turned white. Is it the same goldfish?
Actors with their younger self
These tiny grapes
When you're finished, the instructions tell you to siesta.
one of two brains in the world with the spinal cord still attached
Lunar soil from the Apollo 11 mission
This Snowman is as big as a house
My super frito looks like a person.
Sometimes you just have to give it hell
This raspberry that’s missing a piece
This Kit Kat was missing the wafer in the center.
This tree fell perfectly between two trees, so the park workers cut around it.
Only look a the letters I did the abc’s
I turned my goldfish white by using a DIY tank top that blocks ultra violet rays. An unexpected result of a temporary solution.
The number of twos found in the time and date—l be sure to do this again in two years, when even the year ends in 22
I got one green tortellini in amongst my pack of pasta
Sony Erection
Now that the lofi stream finally ended, we can see that it was running for almost 13166 hours straight, or approximately 549 days
Stole this from interesting af lol
My remote has Braille for blind people
This “fresh remote” cover at my hotel. I’ve never seen one.
The effect this traffic light has on my phone's camera (my friend collects them)
The way this ice formed
My friend's leaky tap made this giant ice mound
An organizer that looks like a car engine.
You can balance this light switch
One side of a block of crushed cans.
How far this has gone
Rocks at the local ER have faces
Rocks at the local ER have faces!
Rocks at the local ER have faces!
The beer glasses at this bar are shaped like beer cans
This bathroom vanity sink has a clear p-trap:
Old Gillette Stadium Hand Dryers at my local Chinese place.
Which one do you one for dinner? I mean, city council?
Skeleton Lincoln
Porcelain mugs before and after firing
This tiny lemon
This tiny lemon
A New Social Network Rat.com Coming This Month
This Coca Cola plant has tanks that look like their sodas.
This table made with recycled books
I cut my apple horizontally
Which one do you one for dinner? I mean, city council?
Which one do you want for dinner? I mean, a city council?
My peanut m&amp;m had no peanut in it.
My McDonald's order the other day was 450920
Dogg-Ottoman
My grandfather made the marketing paper. (Man on the left) May 8, 1978.
This bird drinking a coffee
I walked and discovered this in my school and there was definitely some sketchy shit going on
This shadow from my led lights
CN Arabia ripped off spongebob's bikini bottomcitizens for the worst animated show ever. The story nor the animation/art is appealing even for a 5y old.
The shadow on my door from my led lights
This Pizza Hut fridge magnet from 1997 that advertises a location in Highland, California that is still there.
CN Arabia ripped off spongebob citizens for the worst animated show ever. The story nor the animation/art is appealing even for a 5y old.
This Pizza Hut fridge magnet has survived three moves since I got it in 1997 and the specific location it's advertising (in Highland California) is still there.
I tried destroying my metal credit card
This piece of a tree looks like a music note!
These uneven exit doors.
The song my friend wrote
Found an empty can of Pringles Stax at work today, It came from the manufacturer like this.
Was standing at the sliding glass door while my dog did his business in the backyard, and noticed that our fireplace was reflected perfectly on the glass to make it look like the fence was on fire!
Found an empty can put Pringles Stax at work. It came from the manufacturer like this
Glass ping pong table
These are boiling salt lakes, found in the Danakil Depression, Ethiopia/Eritrea.
Glass ping pong table
One of the screws in my box is not completely finished
This thread on my blanket makes a perfect q
This very tiny toothpaste tube
Tintin, but in Scots
Siamese mushroom
This pub had keyboard keys stuck to their toilet
A local restaurant has a Bob Ross Chia pet growing in it's flower bed outside.
Reflections on the water look like an impressionistic painting (VT foliage)
The bag put over a fire alarm looks like a face.
Retro Back to the Future Movie Cards
My medically prescribed cream is flammable
this dazzling storefront
This old light that turns off after the circuit is completed.
This pretzels
My dorm’s freezer isn’t that great, so I clean it out around once a month, and I scrape out enough ice to make a snowball.
Mom brought a birthday cake. She didn’t say she was bringing company
This bar is a repurposed Bank Vault
The point at which each of these timers got stopped
Target Offers Protection Plan on Printer Paper
This really big nerd that I got
Found this at the Bundy Museum in upstate NY
Had a spare hardcase. turned it into a portable monitor for when i repair computers.
The way my camera took this night picture kinda makes it looks like the city's on fire. It's not.
I parked my classic Mini next to a truck. Laughable size difference.
This golf ball door handle
I have the same blanket as the hospital from Better Call Saul
This embroidery in a polo shirt
How big this gun safe is (I’m 5’7)
One of the screws in my box is not completely finished
My wife turned a vintage tv console into a cat bed (and an accidental hand altar).
I have the same blanket as the hospital from Better Call Saul.
Check out this log!
There was a top piece in the bag
This glow in the dark shirt I got at the Salvation Army
Im at a sushi place and theres ice in the urinal for some reason...
I see your clavicle hardware. Here is my plates and screws from my ankle. I am still excited they let me have them.
What he done this time?
Found these flavor nuggets in my Doritos
The precincts covering the Nevada nuclear test site going for Steyer make the shape of mushroom cloud
The only snow that didn’t melt in this backyard is where the fence’s shadow falls
The water droplets on this car window make it seem as if I have a skin infection
The instructions on this Chipotle gift card
4 designs of pennies.
This surprised cucumber slice
This chip bag includes the name of the employee who made the chips
This tree made a loop and kept growing
Double rainbow I took using my phones panoramic camera option
First time I’ve ever seen 2 rainbows together and also be able to see both ends that clearly
i saw this fire rainbow a little while ago in norway, supposedly one with this complete shape in pretty rare
A little paper boat of little crabs.
This tree looks like a chicken
If you wear a tie to this restaurant, they will cut it off and staple it to the ceiling.
Not just Pepsi, regular Pepsi.
A soap blanket
My face split, mirrored and cartooned.
The wear marks on my door handle
The wear marks on my door handle
The wear marks on my door handle
Noticed my account age at random... (guess I'm breaking rule 5)
This toothpaste smaller than my pinky finger.
These coral mushrooms in my mulch
This flamingo I saw kneeling at the zoo today
These old elevator controls
my turkey demonstrates his nictitating membrane (extra eyelid)
My bike as a little holder just for Snickers chocolate milks!?
This Skippy Peanut Butter Bite is shaped like a peanut
This tiny trombone.
The label on this blue moon
Bathroom sign at San Antonio Rodeo
Otto, a giant Octopus plushie made by my mom
This school in Minnesota has old political maps of the world, the US, and Alaska
We got a double fortune cookie
13 Thousand Hours
The side of a streamer roll
Backwards Day
I found two full beer cans for sale at a local goodwill.
Old sealed ketchup packet (found cleaning a car)
This was for 5 dollars
The settlers were beset by savages.
These clouds and sunbeams on my way home today.
Inside of a strawberry that kind of looks like a shimmering Pac-Man ghost
Artificial Intelligence Finds a Strong New Antibiotic for the Very First Time
Ornament broke perfectly into a heart.
The laser on my mouse looks like a koala
The outside of the can is rotated differently
This house has dragon statues in their yard and a king and queen cut out on their porch
The inner lip is off center
Aerial silks artist hanging out at the top of her rig
Heart shaped chicken nugget
Finally some good fricken weather!
Both eggs (different brands) marked as “large”. Size DOES matter
Restaraunt says that squirrels smoke cigarettes buds to stop people from littering them in their plants.
The way these two games line up
My chickens have somehow managed to lay an even smaller egg! More tiny Omelettes for me I guess.
My son's poster of space has a sad little Pluto
This vine that grew into a knot
Ever wondered what -20 prescription glasses look like?
Snow melted perfectly along the shadow of my fence
***STARS***
Found my dead grandfather’s ID tag from the Danish Navy (1967)
This drink cup that gives you a fill line for ice and for soda.
Macro picture of pixels
These chairs have an indent for you to sit on
My like 3 y old watch I still have. Don’t take it off to bathe, waterproof. Don’t take it off to sleep, it’s durable.
This is how "raw" electronics are delivered from a factory
I had a midget toilet paper hiding in my 6 roll package. So now I only have 5.5 rolls.
This three sided alarm clock to keep you extra EXTRA awake at night.
Made some noodles and a fried egg. The egg looks like America.
I was able to watch my karma go from 999 to 1,000 !!
Old bottle found in attic of house from the 1940s
I just discovered my 1920s house has porcelain wall sconces with outlets on them.
My cat posing for the perfect photo
Wild alien looking frost patterns on my windshield the other morning.
Wind turbine blade dang that’s big
Happend to find these videos next to each other.
I have the world's largest collection of antique bedpans
This Bib Fortuna ass lookin’ carrot I found at work today.
These two rainbows in my city (the top one is kinda hard to see)
This resturant sculpted broken pillar parts for decoration.
Taking a bath. Never noticed it looks like my shower head is VERY surprised to see what I’m working with.
Some old brazilian pennys from my Aunt
Milk marketed to help you sleep
I share a birthday with Steve Irwin!
Purposeful or not
The way the frost melted off the panoramic roof on my dad's car
This smoke bush(?) That I found (central WI) a few years back. Besides becoming brittle it's appearance has hardly changed
The way this tree has grown around the vine.
This wrinkled shower curtain looks like half an Easter Island face.
I got unseparated ice cube at mcdonald's
So I threw this in the truck bed because the remaining was flat, a month or two ago. The sun bleached the coke but not the label.
Windows are 2 different colours
Frozen wine looks like grape color
My granddad hasn’t changed he calendar in his basement workshop since September 1990.
And this is why you don’t pour grease in the sink.
This tree in Cambridge, looks like it has been dressed in camouflage.
TSA’s message about bringing alcohol on planes
The way this caoster match my face.
The way the frost melted off my car's panoramic roof.
Drying machine shines LED light of the company
I sometimes forget just how big street lights actually are.
The effects of three months of swimming on a swimsuit
This book by Dean Koontz written in 1981, predicts the coronavirus.
These two mayos expire exactly a year apart from each other AKA TIL my fridge needs a cleaning.
The convenience store behind my work still has their VHS rental wall
Lofi hip hop radio has ended streaming on youtube after almost 2 years
I bought Uranium online
Walk-On's has the layout of it's restaurant on the napkin!
The bathroom pass at my theatre
!
Heart shaped burn
Seats in a local pub.....
It's finally over.
String tension slowly slided the guitar nut.
The deformed strawberry
Agave leaves sold at the local Mexican grocery store, with a coconut for comparison
This overseasoned spot on my Dorito.
2 pans; exact same age, same usage, same washer, left vegetarian only, right w/e I'm cooking.
"Woolen" socks made from my mums childhood dogs fur
These two thumbnails from complete different YouTubers and were filmed a month apart are the same people
This incomplete tablet (still sealed in its blister pack)
There is a world map on the soles of my shoes
Discovered that my favourite mug reflects light in a cool way
Expires when now?
Discovered thaty favourite mug reflects light in a cool way
The way this extention and socket broke.
Well-disguised solar panels, as requested by a business
This inside of a pickle that looks pretty stoned
Messi and Ronaldo fans united by the love for kebabs.
This park in Buenos Aires, Argentina
River bank comprised of endless snail shells
Coca cola ICE making many layers of soda
These chopsticks Rests in a sushi restaurant
These Think Geek batteries from 2005
This oil stain looks like a shadow the Millennium Falcon.
At my son’s soccer tournament in Cleveland,OH
This spiky spoon
The round brake light on this tanker
Robert Frost: “Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice. From what I’ve tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction ice Is also great And would suffice.”
Snow storm two days ago, North Carolina
This majestic looking log
A glitch in the matrix
The back of the directions for cards against humanity UK edition
This sign at the restaurant that I had lunch from today.
Two Lego roast chickens put together look like a weird ant creature
Not good door labeling. Honolulu.
Umm I didn’t know there were options for that religion. Ok then
This toilet sign at a restaurant I went today.
Urinal with a drink shelf
How precise Amazon is with there package weight
A message left in the wall by one of the previous owners.
When you need a midget...
Chemo nails this time last year and now one month after finishing treatments.
these chocolates shaped as poop
The amount of cherry compared to watermelon (Left, watermelon) and (right, cherry)
My uncrustable has a crust
This uncut marshmallow that I noticed while making rice krispie treats this morning.
This LEGO brick that got stuck in my wall
Um yeah not a meme house hunting right now and saw this
Dave &amp; Buster's urinals have a small mirror over them
This world map made up of words (on a table)
Tesla Cybertruck from cardboard
It’s 2/22 at 2:22 pm and 22 seconds
Australia-ball!
i found a holographic spiderman target gift card from 2004
All the other packages have 1 mint in them
Half a coconut on this lamp post
This grapes at my local Pricemart
This Kit-Kat Bar has sideways wafers
I managed to get some juice above the rim without it spilling
These plugs are happy instead of sad.
Someone adulted today. If this isn't birth control at its finest, I don't know what is.
The Joker and the Batman Who Laughs images hand-drawn on the mocktail menu at this bakery
The total cost for my birth in 1971 in Virginia... $350.25
This restaurant has sparkling, cold and room temp water on self serve tap
My washing machine smoothened this quarter
The surgeon gave back to me the plate and screws he removed from my clavicle
‘Banana in an aluminium foil’, Oilpaint on flat panel. Credits: rutger hiemstra
Ísland, Skútustaðahreppur shower by the road.
UPDATE: We took down more wallpaper to find another message written on the plaster (original post linked in comments)
This heart shaped Cheerio
Saw a raccoon at the park today
You can see how much the leaf on my Congo Verde has unfurled each day
Creative way to keep gifts secret
Looks like there's sky below the mountains
Looks like there's sky is below the mountains
A cop show from the 90s filmed primarily in my city and one clip takes place in the same townhouse as our current one
This bulb shape that looks like a pepper
The Big Dipper shape I have on my arm
The way the water collected on my car
I picked a rotisserie chicken from Costco clean
I just ate rolled icecream and it was SO good
This green, to purple, to red spice drop
My GRE prep book was cut incorrectly
This broken Starbucks cup that now behaves like a tilted shot glass.
My first pour of Casey’s nutty sweet trail mix
Every NBA Slam Dunk Contest Winners (1976-2020) | NBA All-Stars Slam Dunk Highlights and History
I have a hanger with Jennifer Lopez’s name on it.
The money ceiling at McGuires Irish Pub
Shoe tub
The sun doing damage to my curtain by discoloring it
This Group of People Has Been Outside of the Michigan State Capitol With Peace Signs Every Week Since 9/11.
Fried chicken that looks like a moai Easter island head.
My GF's car has a factory installed calculator app
This buffalo ranch Pringles can looks like a guy on a toilet drowning his sorrows in hot sauce.
The size difference between these two cars
My GF's car has a facotry installed calculator app
My Bugle had a baby.
Barcelona bike lane trash cans are all tilted forward
This orange juice says Mario!!
Our library scanner looks like a Xenomorph
How our washing machine scratched this penny
This watter bottle in a light fixture.
This owl made out of a rock
When you have more then 100 tabs open on Google it goes from 99 to :D
This coffee stain is shaped like a rose
My slippers match our carpet
My grandpa has a 20.5 GB hard drive from 2000
This smaller pepper that was growing inside my orange bell pepper
How these palm trees managed to grow
How my fried egg turned out...
This rock is shaped exactly like an egg
An air filled dorito chip
This restaurant that gives away 'Grow your own chillies'
The eggs in my fridge went bad and grew a stalagmite.
This soda vending machine doesnt want my money
Not available... still mildly interesting!
This squishy egg
4 sets of double yolks from the same carton!
A bee came to rest on my car’s door
A pair of hard drive picture frames my dad made.
This boiler looks like its scooba diving.
My heart shaped birthmark
This boiler looks like its scooba diving.
A pair of hard drive picture frames my dad made.
A hand drawn iron nail I found on a beach in Jamaica.
The way these pills stacked on the side of the bottle.
This hotel has a “whatever” desk
This filtered bacon grease could pass for apple juice, or even bourbon.
A car with a mustache
This double nugget
2/22 2:22 22
Rock that looks like clam
Nearly every apartment in this building was turned into a restaurant
This needle disposer in a Starbucks restroom
McDonald's is selling reusable metal straws
Tropicana bottle found during home renovations (home built in 1978)
You can see my cats veins through sunlight
This circular bruise with a normal looking center.
This duck has a Mohawk
Found this little guy while pruning my lime tree. Think it'll hatch soon?
The way the leafs hold enough warmth to melt into the snow
In one of my classes
The way theses trees go around the power lines.
He’s watching you...
Found this in my cheez-it box
This blue lint sheet after I dried a blue blanket.
this is how the reddit logo looks when my phone is glitching (cuts the middle part)
This popsicle with two sticks.
The way light passes through this die.
This surprised face found in this tree
see the cracker that came out of my package
A silky mushroom I found in Normandy
Polarized mirror separates the two different light wavelengths produced by a led bulb
My neighbor’s D”TR”J cutout.
My dogs poop after eating a squeaky toy.
Found a Mario gummy in my unicorn gummie bag
My dog took a shit after eating a squeaky toy and birthed a real life Mr. Hankey, hopefully it’s still around this Christmas 🤞 😂😂
My dog took a shit after eating and birthed a real life Mr. Hankey, hopefully it’s still around this Christmas 🤞 😂😂
This bottle opener
This bottle opener
I have uncommonly high arches. The worn treads on my shoes show where I carry weight on my feet.
This bottle opener
Two connected cracker wrappers with half the normal amount of crackers in each
This orange looks like a lemon
Waterfall Swing
Visited the atomium in Brussels, my navi showed a tiny 3d model of it while driving up.
Not a meme, just my search results. Google understands what's really important
Found a cute bell pepper inside my bell pepper
This spaghetti strand
My cat has an arrow on his face
This bathroom logo at Burger King looks like it has to pee
Never knew you could hang the gas cover on the back of this
Cattail being broken up
I cant stand the fact that people in America dont see old buildings. I live in the Netherlands ( not is Amsterdam the Netherlands are not just Amsterdam) and this is the center of my city. Its beautifull isnt it?
My son's lunch meat looks like a Slothage
This broken light with a birds nest in it
From a 1981 Fiction about the Coronavirus
My kiwi looks like a foetus
Sticker in a urinal when you pee on it, it changes
The shapes my English Muffins are making as they cook
I wrote a perfect e in my physics homework
You can't really see (sorry for lighting), but it's a picture of my wall painted half white and half and ugly older white.
The instructions on the bottom of my Mr. Rogers coffee cup.
It be like that tho.
Big toast crunch
This render of the earth made to look like a stream
Creeper moment
The barcode on this lactation tea is shaped like two boobs.
Our Monstera plant grew a leaf about the same size as in our Monstera wall art.
Frozen ghost-prints. Stepping barefoot onto a damp outdoor carpeted step, then frosting overnight.
The way these disposable gloves retain the brick shape of the box they came from
2 quarters I got out of a vending machine that are the nearly the exact same, besides one being minted in Pennsylvania and the other in Denver
Over 100 grams is missing from this brand new sealed yogurt
These color changing solar lights
this toilet paper roll i got after buying groceries.
My cat and her food. We didn’t realize it was literally made for her
Bon Jovi gear shift knob
How an anemone moves
My cat and her food. Interesting 🤷🏻‍♀️
When you lay on your bracelet and it leaves a pokeball tattoo.
Found a pepper growing in my pepper!
How the icicles are only on one side of the bush
How to icicles are only on one side of the bush
My orange turned black ???
This breathalyser in a Spanish car park
This pepper had a little baby pepper growing inside it
This snow looks like a little puppy looking away
Since straws are banned in France, McDonald's have made paper drink caps
Found a Bell Pepper during the 4 stages of ripeness at the grocery store today
We have a closet under the stairs at work and or office manager hung this sign over it.
Commemorative Beatrix Potter Benjamin Bunny 50p
Not sure if this belongs here. Got an ad on YouTube where a kid sung All Star whilst attempting to do the splits. That was it. No game or anything.
How the colors faded (but not the speckles) after one of them was left in the washer and went through steam and bleach.
These skittles with no shell.
These ice crystals growing from my garden soil, some as tall as 3cm.
The cat at my school have an Instagram account
Whenever friends visit me in Las Vegas (and the entire state) they find it interesting that most grocery stores have an area for slot/poker machines.
Snail on Snail
Snale²
My local science museum has fossilized dinosaur turds in the bathroom
How this toy can be balanced
Tri-flavor Fortune Cookie
Interesting instructions.
Tri-color Fortune Cookie
Baywatch is 30 years old today. To celebrate here is (a part of) the remastered version of the iconic intro
A ski resort turned a one-star review into a billboard
A study bench in the middle of a forestry walk.
this jerk-off soap situation
This restaurant uses ice cream cones wafers for condiment holders.
The two moles and cut I have make a face on my hand.
The smiley face I found in my candy bar
This man using scissors to eat spaghetti
The smiley face I found in my candy bar
This ice pillar formed from the steam coming out of my water heater.
My photo of a pizza looks like a video with a play button
The circular brake light on this Jeep.
The way light bounces of the rearview mirror making the backseat see through.
This straw my dad got from McDonald's
The bathroom at the Wells Fargo Center has a satisfaction rating at the exit
I got a parking ticket on 02/20/2020 at 2:20PM
What the world's strongest man eat in a day
Forest-y park looking like an icy lake
The sky on Canary Islands caused by the Calima
My hotel’s shower soap dispenser has a lock to keep other fluids out.
My parents live on a golf estate and collect golf balls when they walk the dogs.
A tunnel of sharks at an aquarium.
The lightning looks like it went down the chimney.
Little AMC ticket collection 2005 - 2018
Coca cola tic tacs
USA officially went to the metric system in the 70s. My wife found a perfectly preserved conversion kit for Americans.
The second hands on 4 of my watches are all 15 seconds apart from each other right now, so they point perpendicular to each other.
I could watch my smoke pond all day
NASCAR cut-away chassis view: 1982 vs 2001 vs 2015 (includes Newman Bar)
Water tension just barely hasn't broken yet
My drink is the same colour as my glasses
My notebook and the cover of my airpods match
this worn out screw just made me fall out of my chair at work
This Helicopter Made Out Of Wood
my mom found this while helping my grandpa sort through his old photos!
A lino print. Carve it out, ink it up and stamp it.
These keg urinals at a restaurant
This restaurant's washroom that uses singular nouns
This orange I found
The color of wood that's been exposed to the sun for 200 years
My pen nip looks like a small pair of scissors
This Lance cheese cracker that was made incorrectly and took up two slots in the package, using one cracker as the top/bottom of two crackers.
I took this photo of my favorite car while running to my mom’s car
I took this photo of my favorite car while running to my mom’s car
I took this photo of my favorite car while running to my mom’s car
Great Britain is waving goodbye to the bordeaux red EU passport next month and is reviving the old blue one
These tiny apples
A strawberry like this came in my box of them along with a few others.
A train of Caterpillar‘s in Barcelona Spain
This crocodile rotisserie
Holy vacuum?
phone cases by fraktality
Generic Plan B exists, is OTC, but only saves you $10
The shape of this noodle after my pasta dried.
The way these disposable gloves came out of their box
This guy with binoculars in my biochem class.
This circular light reflection off my crappy futon's leg
This peppermint has two inside
This broom has a height adjustment feature.
There's a trapdoor at my work
I left my girls paint pallet in the sink to soak and ...
This note on the inside of my jacket
These traces the worms left in the wood
Baby apple growing out of a regular apple
Most of the snow melted so now it looks like an icy lake :)
The Canary Islands have a ‘calima’ going on, this picture is from today, without any filters.
This spiders pattern looks like Batman
I had a patient with these sweet socks on!Got’eem.[OC]
If I Could Turn Back Time
The Goose Creek Tower in Alaska built by a single guy
The laws of stupidity according to economist Carlo M. Cipolla — Quartz
My hand
This splotch looks like a dog
My first and my current smartphones
The way the ice formed on my car
This restaurant’s will to keep their plants alive.
The cafe I'm in has a laid table on the ceiling
The time was too...
my ring left scratch marks on the side of my phone. i wasn’t aware of it until now (i’ve only had this phone for 6 months)
Bush outside my apartment casts a shadow preventing all the morning frost from melting
Macro Photo of my Eye
Found a mini orange inside!
These icicles on our bush only was on one side
I accidentally made a rose while rolling putty between my fingers
Astroturf guitar.
Mushroom twinsies
A shop that sells wine and yoga mats. Clearly aimed at every woman I know.
2017 2 pence piece Vs 1971 2 pence piece
How this road looks after years of being used by heavy trucks
Thought it was dead until it started gyrating.
This spider I saw today has a pattern that looks like Batman
This spider I saw today has a pattern that looks like Batman
This spider I saw today has a pattern that looks like Batman
One of my eggs this morning had two small yolks 0_o
WowApp Заработок без вложений. Общайся, читай новости и зарабатывай
My pants also came with a message
I got my play script, for Willy Wonka Jr
A telephone box library
This bolted down traffic cone
This bolted down traffic cone
My local airport puts penguins in the snow over the winter
The HP Sauce bottle has been updated to show Big Ben in scaffolding
I took a picture of an eagle through binoculars and it looks like it’s on the moon.
The way the frost melts off this car
These cut trees in Ohio in the shape of Ohio
The pattern the frost made in my car this morning.
Emma Watson Walk On By
The frost is only in the shadow of my bush
I managed to capture a full bed bug life cycle on a single insect monitor at work
My Jumanji Collection
Saw this ark on the way home, the ultimate ride to your soccer game
This Ark
My calendar has stickers to mark some important days
This super full bottle of dilute juice.
“Just another morning” turned divine with this sunrise..
Popular ramen chain in Japan always has a wall of TP in their bathrooms
These DayQuil tabs that I forgot were in my pocket and went through the wash and dryer
The way the light refracts thru this window
This measurement of water i was given.
This small chicken egg
The moss on this wall kind of looks like a river delta
I found a kid at dinner last night. This is why I question our society.
Clouds shaped like the Americas
A butterfly that landed next to its own picture in a book
When you Google "goat" , there's an option to view an animated goat model in your browser as well use your camera to view it with AR at actual size.
When you Google "goat" , there's an option to view an animated goat model in your browser as well use your camera to view it with AR at actual size.
I was watching this show "New Lives in the Wild" hosted by Ben Fogle, and there was some british lady (Karen) saying that during her 9 years stay in Morrocco she saw broccoli only twice. I opened Reddit, as I usually do while watching tv, to see this post as a first one after opening the app.
I found it in a toilet
This washing-up bubble that looks like a fish.
My cucumber had a handy hook to hang it!
Anne Summers Carrot
I needed some toothpicks and i accidentally pulled out more than i needed. These two have been on the counter for a few days, and i wanted to throw them out today. Upon further inspection, i don't think i will.
Strawberry that looks like a tooth!
Strawberry is shaped like a tooth!
Today marks 4 years, 4 months and 4 days on reddit
Apparently it's fours day, thought this was mildly interesting
Found a heart shaped potato chip.
These miniature pineapples on Easter island
This resealable, recyclable can I found in a furniture store
In Switzerland public toilets let you dispose of used syringes safely
How the petrol cap is designed to sit on the little trap door that covers it on this 1998 Audi TT
This ceramics Museum has lockers made of ceramics
Bubbles inside a lettuce leaf (they move freely too when I turn it).
Left a sign pen ( i dont know what they're called elsewhere) open below few sheets of paper. Here's the result.
This Rock Looks Like Donald Trump
Found a leaf that looks like lips
I called my bank and asked for a statement to be sent by mail and they sent me this one starting from 2013
Hagrid spotted in Hawaii
This accident-proof garbage disposal switch
This car display is hooked up to a racing simulator, so it looks like you are actually driving it.
The bathroom at my grandparents’ house has a urinal with Oscar the Grouch.
my local bar has so many drinks, he printed a newspaper as a menu
Someone had all the failed presidential candidates bumperstickers on their car
I was born with a condition where my right thumb is unable to bend
Some final destination shit
Drops of soap look like a messed up snowman
This advertisement that is displayed after hours.
My 5yo made Minecraft figures of herself and her Daddy ready to take on a challenge!
Don’t know if this belongs here but it’s RAT SLIPPERS
Milk carton didn’t get hole in handle punched out
This red light above my grandfather’s basement door to indicate that he’s down there
This is the Moomin Cafe in Japan. If you go there alone they will place a Moomin at your table so you won’t be lonely. Found on r/me_irl
The lights on the cranes make them look like decorations.
My sweet and sour sauce came in a ziplock bag..
This double-winged moth i saw
My dog looks like three different dogs depending on his facial expression
From my 1995 book, "Teach yourself the Internet"
Zuckerberg and Dutch PM Mark Rutte
I got a super long screw in my drywall screws today in my shop.
My local Sears’ method for dealing with leaks
The origin of the phrase “daylight robbery” started in 1696 where William III of England introduced a property tax which required those living in a house with more than 6 windows to pay a levy. As bricked up windows prevented any sunlight, the tax was referred to as “daylight robbery”.
Carnival in Germany, marking beginning of Lent. Go figure!
Australian water dragon spotted on top of Australian water dragon statue
Meanwhile In Germany
I’m Germany
Found a long tater tot while eating my pizza
I was drying my hair when I noticed my elbow kind of looks like a boob
The way sun cast shadows during solar eclipse
This TV remote has an extra netflix button
I found a really long crouton
The way the wind made snowballs in maine.
This cat is being abused
A relic from a time long gone, found under the house.
This 'milk' spill looks like a comma
This 15 volume series from 1935 included hand written notes from the original purchaser
That First Class Gas [OC]
Prehistoric petroglyph of a corn planting dance/ceremony in New Mexico
2:22 2/22
This mud splat looks like a cat
The dental floss box kinda looks like EarPods
A leaf with only its veins intact
Sora's necklace is over his health bar in Kingdom Hearts 3. Nice attention to detail
My whole family’s shoes next to each other.
Life sized Gundam in Tokyo, Japan.
My ceiling wall looks like Squidward with a big nose getting stepped on
Unbroken core of a Lindt chocolate!
My betta "Sir" looks vantablack in this image (unedited)
This giant sugar crystal that formed at the bottom of my homemade maple syrup
The park near my house has a GPS enabled augmented reality game for kids
The cookies I got in Florida vs the cookies I got in Missouri.. both in Feb 2020. Had no idea there were different names for different regions.
These morphed pretzels look like a smiley face :D
God(ess?) of fertility and harvest (forgot what region)
This was the only icicle on the whole tree.
was cleaning our school library and found this
This toilet seat automatically changes the toilet seat cover
This railing at this waterfall.
Answer comes first.
Perisher snow resort without snow in the snowy mountains Australia.
My beer is Canada
The way this ice is melting into my rum
The pattern of ice on my window in the morning
These sour patch kids fused together
My belif eye cream doesn’t believe in itself.
Difference in weather in two cities so close to each other.
3 iPhones, 3 different directions. Don’t know why.
This branch that looks like a heart
This branch... of love.
The time on this video couldnt be more fitting.
Reddit got a mobile home screen update!!
This 6 sided clover
Hurts my brain just looking at it
I found the mythical sanitizer that kills 100% of germs.
Up close photo: natural bark shaped as lizard on the tree outside.
My jeans have a little note in them
My Jean's have an interesting note in them
Security Lights that look like Roberto from Futurama
This still inflated balloon was from my nephew's birthday last January
This college letter I got last year
This narrow cave called the Fat Man’s Misery.
Saliva Stone
My sticky hand melted inside of its container and turned into a really sticky ball
Advertising at it’s best
Light is cool
My bug bites make a perfect pentagram
My cashier was Dad
This beer is green
Arum palaestinum is blooming
This brewery has cloth towels instead of paper ones
In Canada, when you turn 100, the Queen sends you a birthday letter.
Green beer!
Won a bag of rice for my birthday. EXTRA FANCY
Man inhaled seed. Had tree growing inside his lung.
I wrote a song about eating Popcorn for Lunch. It's mildly interesting.
In japan their man holes have artwork on them
These are what the roots of a 3 year old Bonsai tree look like.
This Cadillac hybrid
In japan there man holes have artwork on them
This tree trunk looks like it been painted
The button usage pattern on my microwave.
My local animal hospital has all the things they pull out of animals displayed in the waiting room.
This oddly shaped palm tree outside my work
The way this banana grew
Local grocer apologizing for the higher prices
Dual banana
Hide your daughters
This gas pump has a ticker for how many total gallons it’s pumped. Over 2.2 million gallons of regular.
Panda Express openly shows salaries of their employees at their restaurants.
All the staples I removed today that hung on to my staple remover....I kept going and they kept hanging on.
This carrot that looks like calamari.
Same design, 16 years apart.
The rain drops on my window looks like stars
Barcelona ariel view
Tell a lie till it becomes the truth
Jawbone of a sheep with teeth intact I found while camping
The sunlight on the curtain looks like the Windows logo
I finally got the script to the school play
Our kitten has a heart on it's head.
Reflection from my wine glass looks like Donnie Darko
I found a wee pepper inside of my bell pepper
Playing Just Dance and the door behind the kids got 2nd place.
Braile on this sponge's packaging
Apparently Americans drink coffee out of cola cans.
The number of screens in front of this Thai cab driver
I found happiness in a bell pepper
Found this at my local Hardee's along with "Biscuit Heaven".
this coke expires on my birthday
Chrome on Android shows a smiley face if you open more than 100 tabs
My odometer when I stopped
The way this wakestone froze at my local beach
The most perfect carrot I’ve ever seen.
My aunt crocheted a 3D squared pattern with depth for her bedding.
My aunt crocheted a 3D squared pattern with depth for her bedding.
This charger. It has 2 usb ports and have this cool light too.
Gotta catch em all
Got double the fortune in my takeout today
My dog treat bag has a typo.
This sign in the restroom of a popular international tourist destination
This one long carrot in my baby carrot bag
This vests and jackets vending machin I saw at my local mall.
The knobs on keyboard broke so i made new ones
This tiny apple
Anyone else see Roberto from Futurama?
This cloud I saw looks like a dog!
This girl at the coffee shop we frequent
Machu Picchu as viewed from the top of Mount Huayna Picchu (the iconic mountain on the background of every photo there)
The snow coiling around the flagpole at work today
My gecko shedded a perfect hand
They couldn't let me have 5 feet.
This welcome mat line
Tag on the inside of a shirt I've owned for a few years now
This surfer stencil is popping up all over my town.
My coworker’s desktop.
the snow is so deep I had to dig around the sign to see what it was prohibiting
Potato looks scared
This 3D printed Eiffel Tower
Wind so strong here in Maine the snowballs are making themselves
This devastated-looking couple shown learning about Spousal Support in Canada
Flower parts arranged by color
Dice in my math class had 6 printed in different orientations
Not this absurd pen - but the way the writing on it is meant to be read when held by a leftie.
Dice in my math class have 6 printed in different orientations
Me and my dad tied in a game of Connect 4
Found a cute little fossil outside today!
These clouds above the mountains by my house that look cool
This charging station at my local auto repair shop.
My Dunder mifflin Sticker has slowly faded over years from all black and white to a pixelated red and yellow. Goat sticker for reference of what it used to look like. The texture has not changed.
My toaster has a button for “A BIT MORE”
This giant koozie for large fast food cups
The Tiffany Co store painted the scaffolding outside their store their signature blue
The paintcup is Now a Carrot-like shade of orange
Found in a used book store: this book is a printout from the one place teachers tell you not to use a reference
This graffiti under a bridge in Lanzarote. I like the fish.
Apparently adult themes are not allowed in PokémonGo
This dispenses honey from the bottom
Since there seems to be a weird foot trend going on right now... Both feet are the same.
The plane seats jump from 9 to 15
Perfect $100 receipt from my grocery trip today
The way the sunlight refracts off of the glaze pattern on this bowl.
This “street library”
These patterns and shapes formed by the frost on my car
This tree next to the railway
This pair of smoothed pennies a repair man found in our dryer.
These toy cars from the early 1900s
This was closed before it opened. I wonder why...
This was closed before it opened. I wonder why...
I found a mega-grape in the bunch I bought.
Little hammer at my job
My pickle slices came out square
My cactus that my sister stole has deflated and has a strange (flower) growing out of it
This miniature egg my hen laid compared to her normal size egg
When matches do this
I got, Velvet, Fucking, Napkins.
The cap of a orange juice carton looks like an orange
My father in law's music quiz from 1979 at Milton College
Comparison of the mortality rate of the new Coronavirus in young adults compared to the mortality rate of RSV (Common Cold virus) in the same age group. RSV has a higher mortality rate in this age group.
A 101 year old penny I found in change today
This carpet made to look like wood
While getting cash back at a bar I was given 3 two dollar bills of descending serial numbers!
This carpet to look like wood
What he done this time?
A seagull playing with a dildo
This heart shaped leaf
Using Band-Aids to tape this poster to the door
This king size fitted sheet tells you which side is which.
This squirrel drinking water from a bottle
Interesting timing 20:20 20th of Feb 2020
My Local Store Has Pumpkin Spice Brats
I made a pretty round snowball
These miniature pineapples on Easter island
This floating spigot I saw
Was messaged to post this over here, it’s my nearly complete set of masonry tools
Just the clouds
I found a Skittle with a smiley face on it
This can is floating on it’s corner
This mask created to stop the smell from infiltrating the house
A cross section of a broken stretcher from a chair. Oak, 19th century.
Tree grew into this rock in a local creek.
Tree grew into this rock in a local creek.
These two missing bubbles in my bubble wrap
The way this snow melted over time in a mountain hut. [OC]
This one uninflated bubble in my bubble wrap
Yo.....👀
One of the air fillers in my parcel has a nipple [OC]
i learned how to tie pentagrams into my shoes today :D
I wondered (for too long) why they had only printed MORNING upside-down...
Texas is so tough even the buildings don't die. Leaning Tower of Dallas.
Found the shell of a hatched bird egg in the backyard
My chameleon is mid-molt and you can clearly see the difference between his new skin and his old skin.
9/11 Tourist Guy was on the parking garage elevator at work today.
This interesting m&amp;m
This bathroom gives you instructions on how to was your hands
A hammer used by a craftsman for several decades, clearly shows where he held his hammer (The Danish Labormuseum)
The upvote in this door
This mini-figure with its face printed upside down.
My floor has a face on it
This really thick hair from my beard (next to normal beard hair for reference)
This really thick hair from my beard (next to normal beard hair for reference)
This crossword puzzle's theme of band-name portmanteaus (clues in comments)
The way my hotel room toilet is oddly built into the counter. (Melville Castle, Scotland)
My floor has a face in it
The way this hotel oddly built the back of the toilet into the counter. (My room, Melville Castle, Scotland)
I found these crystals at the bottom of a bottle of maple syrup that sat in the back of my refrigerator for a few years
Larger Amazon Locker sections have an escape latch in case you accidentally (or purposefully) get locked in
There’s a tv monitor in front of the urinal
My collection of burnt out bulbs. Had many more blue ones till someone trashed them D:
My Sweethearts candy only had a few, off-centered phrases on them.
Civil war commission that I found today in a house that I bought. It was signed in 1863 and looks like the gentleman (John Babcock) moved two ranks (Setgeant and Corporal) in one day.
Earth's Rotation Visualized by Stabilizing The Milky Way Galaxy Shows The Earth Spinning Through Space (Found on Imgur. Not my OC, but still cool.)
My computer trackpad has "Traditional" and "Australian"
The way this shadow lines up with this corner
Concern for treatment of pandas comes with my online order.
Tree split in half by another tree after heavy rainstorm
This drone flies throughout your house without a remote control
This giant potato/potato chip
How little over 25 years of time affected this can I found.
The way this shadow lines up with this corner
The way this shadow lines up with this corner
Naturally growing sugarcane in cave
This airport’s floor that represents its region’s landscape
An X-ray of a pregnant dog
"Those are some snow clouds"
Where city infrastructure meets numerical farting
I found this in my mom’s bathroom today.
Sleeping bag koozies
This tea bag that has an extra mini string
My broken smoke alarm isn’t happy that I broke it.
Finally hit this mileage milestone on my first car!
This patient's green plasma
The finnish police uses the fastest production motorcycle (H2) as their service bike
These ancient petroglyphs (including Kokopeli)
This car I found while apartment hunting
A portait of a man that look like Stalin at my job.
Found an Australian $2 coin at work today. In Ohio.
This loaf of bread that’s completely square
i paused my movie on almost the exact same frame as the letterboxd header
The thin baby Swedish Fish
This depressed balcony
I never realized McDonalds color palate was so close to that of the Soviet Union’s
The orange color is slightly different, both are gift cards not display cards.
My dad owns a car strikingly similar to the ecto - 1 from Ghostbusters
Northern Ireland has a picture of Bushmills Distillery on their 5 pound note
My target's starbucks has cupholders you can attach to your cart
This ice looks like a rocky bay by the ocean
My target's starbucks has cupholders you can attach to your cart
I have the same pillow case as the guy from hereditary
This stain on the wall looks like Africa, not by Toto
This Burger King ad
The shadow from my hand and phone (bottom right corner) looks like an Oldman in a top hat!!
I didnt know you could do this
This cafè defines emergency
I was shining light into my friends eyes when I noticed this
This hanging rhinoceros I spotted in London today.
This rubik's cube has different shaped forms instead of colors. (Mirror cube)
These are all the weird chips I found from me putting so chips in a bowl
10/10 good boy voted by the visitors of Charles Bridge in Prague
Found another weird chip in my bag
Found another weird chip in my bag
Found another weird chip in my bag
This Popeye’s takes the secrecy of their recipe to a whole new level
Found this as decoration in a German IKEA
10/10 good boy voted by the visitors of Charles Bridge in Prague
My small alphabet competition piece
10/10 good boy voted by the visitors of Charles Bridge in Prague
This hill in my town is made out of old tires.
This chip I found in my pop corners bag
The way the snow melted on the hood of this car.
This combo on my feed today... Reddit is a magical place!
Google give you "local guide" socks if you leave enough reviews.
This barcode looks like a hill.
The sky looks kind of neat where I am right now
Many bumper stickered car. Wish my windshield had been cleaner.
When cut in half, the croissants at my work look like flying saucers
This penny is from 1916
The image on this packet of biscuits was printed wrong and it looks like it was meant for 3D glasses.
This penny has Ohio on it
When that annoying girl does this to your desk.
The design of this record store receipt
The way that the this leaf is decomposing
My pizza looks like the Millenium Falcon
My tattoo and those hoodies come from the same family.
This cool star I made out of these clips
My professor brought in a mummified cat
Found this usb drive at work. I work at an IT-Support Helpdesk.
Negative votes on adds are possible!
My orange has one lighter colored section
The way these Cyclamen flower buds point down, but the pedals bloom upwards.
This sunset between two trees in Granada, Spain
Tried to write a small alphabet
Conflicting signs
Took down the wallpaper in my room to find this message from 1980. (Transcribed in comments)
This mobile conveyor belt for roofing.
These soap bubbles that formed when I was cleaning out this glass bottle.
The one different colored tray seems interesting.
The Sriracha in my soup made a nearly perfect smiley face man
How this Dozen of Bottled Water fits IKEA Box
Weird red bugs hatching outside of my house
Took down the wallpaper in my room find this from 1980.
This small pepper growing inside a pepper
This unopened packet of sugar is almost completely empty
My newly renovated park has a bike repair station.
This baby skeleton made from real baby bones in my BIO class
My dogs chew toy got stuck in the ice
This really long barcode
The way the sun peeled the letters on this sign
This beer can opens like a tin of beans.
An upside down chandelier wedding cake.
Nice
An upside down chandelier wedding cake
The spider eating a spider.
My dog is growing his own snowshoes
Feed post story
Interesting incident explanation
Strait ‘nana
Strait ‘nana
This bloom from an Agave looks like a bunch of bananas. For scale it’s the size of a banana.
If you remove the warning label on this impact gun battery, you’re greeted with another identical warning molded into the plastic.
The movie Widows is on HBO right now, and it’s says Steve McQueen is staring in it. I’m not sure how well he’ll look being dead since 1980.
A surprised house in the Alps
A pineapple candied whole
My Girlfriend's different medical masks over the last month.
This Trashcan is Designed for Pizza Boxes Only
Size of car window glass vs size of basketball backboard glass, dime for reference
This coffee spill looks like baby yoda
This random mustache and bowtie that came with my stuffed chicken breast
Someone renovated over the window. Left the glass and blind
This Soviet-era hockey jersey my grandmother brought me home from a missionary trip in the early '90s.
Those mirrors make curved tunnel
This paint spill on my street looks like a polar bear saying "come at me bro"
This Country-BBQ Restaurant has a giant photo on their wall of Johnny Cash sitting in the bushes and eating a cake while high on drugs. (Poor lighting)
This tracking label from a car part I got has a Zubat on it.
In language studies, logomisia is an informal term for a strong dislike for a particular word (or type of word) based on its sound, meaning, usage, or associations. Also known as word aversion or verbal virus. Here is a slide show (OC) derived from Rankers 25 most disliked words:
Michigan sunset after a storm
This Chick-fil-A has a mouthwash dispenser
This movie theatre turned dentist office. Complete with dental themed movie posters out front.
Huge egg my mom found in a carton while making muffins. 3Ds cartridge for scale.
My carrot looks like a small crab claw
How my shirt appears to flash in different light
Supermarket let’s you make your own fresh orange juice
Is this? I don't know...
The Off button on my radio is before the minimum volume so you can't be surprised
A bike rack that is shaped as a bike.
These clouds
This Greta Thunberg pic at my work
Pencil shaving
Pie security people.
This shadow driving down the freeway.
This broken piece of pallet looks like a rough carving of New Hampshire.
I contacted Pepsi about a broken vending machine that stole some money from me about 2 weeks ago. Today I came home on my lunch break to find this letter and coupon in the mail.
I work at a local thrift store in the evenings and ran into the Y2K Bug the other night.
Peeled a mandarin orange with the peel in one piece
Is this? I don't know...
I opened one of the old capsule toys I got last time in Japan and this meme doggy came out
Zero F's are given about the "NOT FOR INDIVIDUAL SALE" label at the local thrift shop
Size of backboard glass vs size of car window glass. Dime for reference
This blanket knitted by my mother in law. It took over 200 hours
Nice Keanu Reeves
You can see the structure of my hood in the snow.
My hand in go fish
My popeyes chicken tender looks like a shark
I caught my favorite beer brand in the middle of their bottlecap change, and happened to buy 3 of each bottlecap variation.
Thats what I get for feeding a stray cat for afew days.
The milling marks in an iPhone 6.
The bolts on this table are made of pennies.
The Snow on this wells fargo looks like an eagle head
The Snow on this wells fargo looks like an eagle head
The fiberous inner cores of some (very overcooked) baby carrots
This orange that looks like a lemon.
There is a Samsung part in my apple laptop. Didn’t these companies due the sh*t outta each other?
Message inside my headset
This shed has video surveillance cameras and a full size mailbox
The two cans of red hairspray I bought are exactly 100 apart
Snow blowing off the Matterhorn
I went to the store and I got a 2 dollar bill in my change
For those of you who have never seen a book in Braille, I present "Black Beauty" vol. 2 (found at a local thrift shop)
Tesco’s doesn’t keep baguettes in their trucks overnight
I made a perfect snowball
This dried up lighter
At first I was confused... then I realized “Tenuto” displays ghosted notes on both sides for both left and right handed people (cuz your thumb would cover one or the other) so you could still see it.
That other poster’s webbed toes were weak, check out these bad boys (both feet)
My coworker’s desktops
my new I9 process is an homage to DND
The famous "Shoe tree" near Middlegate, Nevada off US Highway 50 ("the Loneliest Highway in America"
Sometimes my dog does this thing where he rests his head on the sofa for a few minutes while continuing to stand.
This box of dog ice cream has the flavor printed in Braille on the side of the box, for owners of seeing-eye dogs
Tethered hot air balloon during time lapse, Krakow
Saw these in a bathroom in a bar
This extremely long pizzahut pizza box
I found some old Hustler magazines and this gem fell out of one of them.
This extremely long pizzahut pizza box
I found some old Hustler magazines and this gem fell out of one of them.
This “jump bag” on my neighbor’s roof
These long grapes
This parking meter shadow reminded me of music notes
This Painting that looks like Ross from friends. Spotted in a museum in Venice
This Painting that looks like Ross from friends. Spotted in a museum in Venice
My skittle bag had a baby skittle.
The ice on the roof of this building is sliding off in one big sheet.
I got order number 1111-1
The snow didn't melt on one side of the roof.
This microwave allows you to start at 99 seconds
A small gnome sliding into a long tube
This bar code
Never new a granadilla plant had such a Avatar looking flower.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has a guitar that Kurt Cobain destroyed with a drill.
This combination of the upvote arrow and “F to pay respects” I found on the street.
This QR code
One of these faucets is not like the others...
This tree growing around a telephone pole
The sun position lines up perfectly with the train tracks to make this in-cam split image.
My doctor's desktop background
These smol coca cola cans
These smol coca cola cans
This bathroom at our Airbnb has two showers in it
The lone screw that didn't get threaded in this pack of screws.
Tree branches grew through each other
My friend got a new tiny phone.
Whilst we are discussing labels, Mine came with some very basic instructions.
A door handle that dispenses hand sanitiser when touched
There was a baby bell pepper inside my bell pepper.
A decent sized camera setup on a baby tripod
Avocado freshly cut on one side
This shrapnel stuck in a tree from Verdun
The way my Poptart broke to look like a snowflake.
These switchplates (light switches) in the house I'm measuring.
These toes on my foot
What happens when you put googly eyes on your dog's paw. An angry chicken appears
My new vacuum jar is great for piracy...
This statue in Kiev looks like it’s Stich in texture
This curved piece of uncooked spaghetti
I'm 21 and this is 21st century
This 1984 Matchbox car has a usable gear shifter
These trashbags hung from a lightpole
One of my Oreos had one of the cookie parts on backwards...
Outlet timer has its own little cute compartment for its instructions uwu
This (real) pickle i found with the fake plants at Ikea
The frost on my car window this morning
Back of a plastic ring from a cupcake
My beef jerky came with a tooth pick
My dentist office has a spot for preferred name.
This spherical chalkboard my professor uses to teach curvature in General Relativity
Someone forgot to type in the formula for the daily value %
This abnormally large piece of cereal I found in my bowl
Buying entire pilled tomatoes in the can and then seeing how one of the cans is different. It has the same date on them.
This grape that looks like a kidney bean
This cafeteria has cool and cold water
This Log that looks like it melted over barbed wire
Amazon packed the foam I bought with cushioning.
My father makes these lamps in his spare time. The smaller one is cordless and is rigged to flash and show different colours.
The way my pancake came out of the machine at the airport
Road sign written in Welsh in the middle of nowhere in Patagonia
Seen while flying over Poland, guessing it's a reflection on a reservoir?
My tarantulas urticating hairs under a microscope, which show how barbed the hair is
Little extra bag attached to my ziploc bag
This sealed but unfilled half &amp; half.
This Texas-shaped minesweeper area I uncovered
The filter of the sea
I was gonna drink that, he f*cking stole it
Think i will stick to the soup.
The way the lights spell NI
Poured the dish soap into the Nike logo
How these soap bubbles formed a square
Found a random needle stuck in my backpack
The prediction in this book
Cologne, Germany: Cafe toilet doors that go opaque when locked.
Our deposit slip from yesterday
Florida in a nutshell
the website thiscatdoesnoteexist dot com generates random cats! Some of them are very... interesting
Got the entire train carridge to ourselves
I have a Fun Facts Friday show... every Friday... on YouTube. It's Mildly Interesting
Lowering the exposure of a projector screen creates this rainbow effect.
This tiny copper crystal tree looks like a real tree
My doctor's desktop background. He's a 30-something Chinese guy.
Dodo Boobs in my car
I found these stickers in a drawer at my grandmothers house. In 1970 her and my grandfather took their family across the US. My grandfather bought one in each state that he could find one. They are really cool so I had them framed.
The pattern on this cats belly after being shaved.
In this picture of a thread that has been gnawed by a squirrel, all I can see is a small gnome that seems to slide into a long tube.
This toilet cubicle that looks like a small prison cell
Snow melted every else except for in the shadow of the table, making an almost perfect rectangle!
Our deposit slip from work yesterday
This candy looks like "heart pills".
This drip sculpture that has been forming outside my basement window
Pregnant apple? Cut open an apple and saw this!
Result of not reading the signs.
ENDLESS POWER
They put these markers down on the side walk in my down town area to encourage people to be healthy I never noticed before
They put these markers do w on the side walk in my down town area to encourage people to be healthy I never noticed before
Pt 2 of rainbow order things! Again, I was bored and decided to do this. Hope you enjoy!
The formation of these clouds, called a ‘Mammatus’
A ball of Nacho Cheese flavor from a bag of Doritos
Thank me laterr.
My friend and i have the exact same KD on GTA V
This “ice shadow” from the dog toy we left out overnight.
I came across a bus stop with the edges covered with reflector paper.
Chopsticks rests in a Sushi restaurant. Well played restaurant.... Well played....
1966 Panamanian cuarto de Balboa found in our change jar.
A funky little grape I found!
Frozen fruit looks photoshopped on the oatmeal
This tiger’s biceps
My t-shirt label has some odd instructions, and reminded me to be nice to my dad
These happy crinoid fossils - found by my 7-year old kid
Grocery store printed this out with my receipt. I guess it’s the coding behind them?
My neighbours wall that fell down in storm Dennis (UK)
I’ve been working at a grocery store for almost a year now and this is the first time I see this.
Stain on Subway wall looks like a nature painting.
It looks like its floating
A lighter with a beer bottle opener
Cheek cells from biology class
My school for nerds got white board tables
This blue red box I found
This head shaped like a dick.
Urge to sleep vs need to sleep
McDonalds uses a third party URL shortener (tinyurl.com) on their receipts.
Causes of death, London 1632
How the ice formed on a window
The way the frost on the glass formed a face
How apparent the line between snowing and raining is right here
The jelly on my PB&amp;J came out of the bottle shaped as a heart
Found out I can do this in my bathroom
My friends and I got 3rd in a school competition. The school sent us this. And we all thought Lays was bad.
The back of this pizza box, including a punch out fake mustache.
Lexie with her blue eye
Lexie with her blue eye
A French journalist has bought the domain of toto.africa as a means to create exposure for his resume/portfolio. If mobile users searching for the classic rock song misspell their search term, it takes you to his website
The way paint on trees matches the sea level
What song did he listen too?
Spanish seen from behind looks like Russian
The pattern of creases in my dog's jacket
Thank me lateer.
Flying above a New Zealand town struggling with drought
This wonky gingerbread person
Elastigirl pregnancy and that shower thought O.o
This beer has the Aussie map
A café I went to today gave me disposable wooden eating utensils
You thought Lemon Ice Cubes were cool well BAM Lemon Ice Slab
Frost has formed on my skylight
Thank mee later.
Cherry tomato snowman!
This no smoking sign that includes E cigs
Used car salesman tricks
This sanitary door opener
Thankk me later.
This capsicum looks like an angry dragon
This tiny pineapple
This loop that I accidentally created
knock off Harry Potter board game at a Korean grocer
a joint without paper
Thank me laterr.
This plant took root in iron and concrete.
This Peanut butter cup came with no peanut butter in the cup
My 1st gen Apple watch has had a lap timer going since the day if release.
I fold a bit of the pages on my left hand, so I get a little shadow of the pages I have already read
A face in a smashed milk carton
The way these crystals formed on the bench after cleaning a water heater from my turtle tank
The way the ice formed on my car
What are the chances?!
Russian cursive!
My Steam code farted...
A no slip sign the shape on a banana on carpet
This hospital I went to has a “Multi-Faith Prayer Room”
This Thai restaurant in Australia had a spiciness scale
In showcase cinema the staff that work there have their favourite film below their names
This guitar pick completely camouflages with the table
In Amsterdam, instead of "Cool Ranch" Doritos they have "Cool American" Doritos.
This 'slippery when wet' sign looks like a banana peel.
This mall in Malaysia has separate toilets based on age groups
This wine bottle plug is a plastic little dude with a large 'organ'
Saw it today.
This door looks like a white beach
Phone adjusted its color for the date and time so I could see It through the white on my background.
This 3d puzzle carousel i just put together
At $2.49 per pound, this Jack Fruit is $75. Pear for scale.
This mould culture we grew from chocolate milk
This fire extinguisher as a jetpack in my office
Why, just why? Drove past this earlier this year and forgot to post it
This work phone has a cool function
My remote has a piece of plastic holding the battery lid on so you don’t lose it
I turned 20 on 2/20/2020!!!!
This patient's wall stickers (taken with consent)
I turned 20 on 2/20/2020 (-:
Whoops!
I've never seen one quite like this before. Historic building in AZ.
My Blue Pit Baloo retrieving in slow motion
I saw these 2 different types of solar power plants next to each other on a recent flight.
This lizard that got caught between my garage door.
my shadow looks like a dick when pissing in the washroom
these batteries turned in to be recycled at my work still have wii remotes on the box
Light pillars in Colorado from stadium lights reflecting off of ice crystals in the cold night air
Found this on a game
Way the paint ripped off on these steps looks like a baby unicorn
Last week I've received a long awaited package from China ...
In my air B&amp;B seeing both the good books together
You can clearly see the Contact Lens on this eye.
A YouTube ad that literally tells you it's using pseudoscience.
this water stain that looks like a turkey.
A nice number
Mule Deer on Mountain Side Park City, Utah
Mule Deer on Mountain Side Park City, Utah
Illusion of choice
My rats tail under x60 magnification.
This shocking stain on my sleeve
This shocking stain on my sleeve
Kind of cool
I love that time of day when the sky is a rainbow
123456 Odometer
This giant banana.
123456 Odometer
Spilt Thai iced tea on a city bus. (Portland, OR.) OC
This water fountain drains onto the ground behind it to water plants (and because there's no infrastructure for getting rid of it)
Packaging material for my desk looks like carbon fiber
This dresser with fully functional drawers
At festival de voyager (in Winnipeg) they were serving an alcoholic drink in ice cups. The liquid in this image is actually just Pepsi though
Yep
Examples of pottery at a Chaco culture site in New Mexico
These are my fingernails. I was born this way. I’ve never met anyone outside my family like this.
20
There was a double oreo in my package
This tree grew around the barbed wire
Once you see the arrow in the logo, you’ll never not look at it
iPhone case with built in airpods case.
My pills are shaped as shields
This very intense game of Jenga.
My cocktail tea looks like blood
My cocktail tea looks like blood
This very intense game of Jenga.
In 2013 the White House used dubstep in a video regarding the State of the Union
So there’s a flower that imitates monkeys and I’m not disappointed.
So there’s a flower that imitates monkeys and I’m not disappointed 😂😭
A GoPro compatible Hot Wheels car I found in a local craft store.
This African species of plant called lithops has evolved to look like pebbles so that grazing animals avoid it.
These cabbages are the same price
The way this advertisement makes me want to never smoke a Winston.
Mildly interesting horribly ineffective advertising.
The wood grain in my ceiling looks like a cardinal chihuahua watching over me while I sleep.
This cool pattern cast on the snow by our street light
A cassette in my collection was made in West Germany
This Benjamin Moore store/building in Montreal.
How the snow melts to the shape of the inner frame
I see what you did there febreeze...
This chiton shell I found on the beach.
The Ring won’t move...
This cussion that was inside my cusion
The dirty air from passing metro trains leaves dirt 'shadows' of the sign on the wall
Google Chrome is preventing me from visiting Google.com
This double mini egg
One of my chickens laid an egg with two shell layers...
My guitar pick blends into the countertop
A flat/unrolled Taki [OC]
This fascinating table with the city of New York carved into it
A flat/unrolled Taki [OC]
Found a little screw in a big screw today
Samsungs "Safety Truck", with 4 screens at the rear and a camera at the front for safe overtaking of trucks
This near perfect orange
My cats bed. He’s slept here since we brought him home.
These hotel pillows are labeled as firm and soft
These business hours
My Doritos had extra seasoning
This bi-colored camelia.
Girlfriend had double yolks twice in a row.
Some crispy cheese in the shape of a lowercase "y"
Found in an Albany Antique Store
X-ray of gymnast doing floor exercises
Bird tracks in snow, stops to check a battery
These two seasonal cereals are on the shelf at the same time.
This itty bitty M&amp;M I found
This strawberry I found
hair comb made in France from many moons ago
A perfectly dry bent spaghetti
This is how the burger place I ate at last weekend feels about you making your own burger instead of choosing one off of the menu.
20:20 on 2/20/2020
Take the dollar
Beer that sends a message
Frosted glass under a microscope.
This stain in the bottom of my coffee cup that looks like a bird.
This neat half cut I did one some copper while setting the depth of cut on a press. Those aren’t separated pieces they are still solid. But when the depth isn’t deep enough it kind of “moves” the material instead of cutting it.
Water cup dispenser in airplane bathroom
all signs indicate it is indeed 10 past 2.
The way this moving flag erased glow in my night photo
I found out today the name for my split eye color is segmental hetetochromia
This knotted roof
It was 20:20 2,20,2020
A very long slice of bread
So THATS where the image came from
Today was the day for me
At tonights Washington Capitals game, the game was tied 2-2, with 2.2 seconds left in the 2nd period on 2/20/2020. The segment was sponsored by 2 minutes to 20/20 by the eye doctors of Washington
Found an industrial-size tank at a gas station awaiting burial (human for scale)
The chairs at my local cafe
An escalator without its steps.
An efficient way to find a donor? Hopefully this post helps
Tiger the cat wearing a hat made from his own fur
I was making math home work and came across this...
My pepper was pregnant!
The way this snowman melted
Yoooo I didn’t even notice the license plate!!!
Stress relieving color flow thing with out the color. (I don’t know the name of it)
The thought process that resulted in this...
My Pixel phone charger provides my phone a place to sit while charging.
My friend found a shower curtain in his AirBnB that looks like Bill Murray.
Yoooo I didn’t even notice the license plate!!!!
All these empty lighters.... the first time I saw one, it made me happy inside. This was probably 3 years ago, been using them every since. I've only lost 2. Both at concerts. Go figure...
My dog likes playing in the snow.
They messed up these Klondike bars, there’s 3 more in the box like this. They are split in the wrong part for some reason
This face on a dirty car
I got a virgin screw.
I Went To A Chinese Restaurant With Some Friends...We All Got The Same Fortune
The way my cat sleeps
This snow that looks like rolled up foam as it slides off this car
What's this? Meh just a battery...
A plane going straight up
Happy day of the twenties!
My Car From Hell
Urgent care clinic right next to a liquor store in Milwaukee WI.
This Embossed Ice Cube
Decommissioned tiny fire truck
The control room of a 1941-1944 Union Pacific “Big Boy” steam locomotive
These four “Exit” signs all have the arrow in different places
The control room of a 1941-1944 Union Pacific “Big Boy” steam locomotive
my friend used most of the ink in a pen without losing it
Sweet Potato has Veins
My snap score is at exactly 17,000
My snap score is at exactly 17,000
My neighbour made a snowpack Inukshuk sculpture.
These paintings on a cliff edge in New Mexico
Russian cursive is doctor language
Saber style opening of peanut sauce.
This dictionary my girlfriend’s grandparents have upstairs
This man looks like a cross between Mathew Mercer and Liam Neeson
My phone has been at exactly 45% all day
These fake wolves at a local school to scare off deer.
Broccoli but its blooming
Broccoli but its blooming
Soviet Military Liaison Mission (SMLM) Card from the 80's
Stay aways from me!
There was a smaller pepper inside my bell pepper
Just missed it... it was 20 degrees outside
These miniature watermelons in China - hand for scale
A plant hanging upside-down
This tomato looks like an eggplant
My baby girl was born today (02/20/2020)
My grandpa’s letterman jacket
Almost every time I walk this old lady’s dog, her cat Issac likes to walk with us
This Cupcake
Found this golden quarter.
This giant rattlesnake
My work has a mini Tim Hortons station
My cat’s tail tip was deformed or broken at birth so her tail always look like this. Hence the name “Captain Hook”.
This Rite Aid has parking dividers only in front of the propane canisters so nobody can drive their car into them and cause an explosion.
I searched a random word into google and here we are...yero...what is or does is mystery but now i know it exist...yero
This nice cookie my brother gave me
One of these pamphets is not like the others
The reflection on this building
The way my glass shows each drink I took
The first few slices are missing from my new loaf of Jewish rye, my wife doesn't understand why I find that quite humorous.
This mismatched cough drop
This green chip I found in a bag of jalapeño chips
Over easy goose egg vs over easy chicken egg
The hot sauce they gave us
I peeled off a wet post it note and it left a mark
My 1st gen Apple watch has had a lap timer going since the day if release.
I’m not sure if interesting, or gross, but a nervous habit that I’ve never quite seen anyone else do before.
My brother and and his family’s potato drawer.
My backyard was covered in snow and it melted it a straight line
The scorpion shape on my lasagna!
This red penny I found
My bag of chips tells me the name of the person who made them
My new house’s fan/light pulleys
I put this in my mouth when I realized that it was bigger than usual. I looked at it to find this.
These were in grandma’s cabinet
The house my grandmother recently moved into had this old phone still installed and it still works.
Not sure if anyone knows about this, but this stuff’s good
Just grabbed a can of soup for dinner. Seems I don't pull from the pantry often enough
The bottle number of my whiskey
How this vacuum looks like a shy little robot girl.
Wine bar in Dublin inside a parking garage
my friend has an upvote on her eye
The random *Letter* generator at my optometric job has some thoughts about today.
The way this clay/dirt froze all curly
02/20/2020 Is the first palindrome date in 900 years
Spin Cycle Bird
The cursive g came out perfect
A scratch I got yesterday matches a scar I got 3 years ago.
Apple Watch sports a small description of the watch on the bottom if you flip it over (size, series #, shell material, etc)
The meat I just cooked looks like Africa
The wear on my right boot vs left after two years; this made me inspect all of my shoes, every right shoe I have is worn out from outside in while my lefts are worn out evenly.
The official Star Wars Timeline
My brocolli is split half and half.
Saw this awesome mural on my way home from work today, had to check it out.
My cars hood whenever it freezes over or snows
Last night I bowled 10 consecutive 9’s in a row
I host a local Smash tournament. Case for all my gear.
The ice that formed in my sprite (chilled mug that had no ice to start with)
This deer with white all around its head
Boeing 747 Aircraft Carrier concept from the 70s
Number of the Beast - Beast - Beast Oddly more satisfying than 616 (the other one)
This plastic drinks can.
Today's date and time
The leaf on a plant in a hanging basket fell perfectly so that another plant could catch it with its spike
Keyboard at an unused workstation in my lab that made me chuckle
This plastic drink can.
A high quality photograph of a wasp mid-flight
2 stitches out 14 to go
I've got a tiny stickerless Rubik's cube. Normal sized cube next to it for reference.
My younger brother turned 20 today on 02/20/2020
I found an image of an apple on my apple.
The condensation from my glass of water presented a happy little ghost!
The local 7-11 hasn’t opened yet, so the gas sign advertises the store name.
Hoovered up a stress ball by accident, it’s exploded contents made for a colourful photo.
The way snow looks from underneath glass
Plane’s shadow
My bon o bon separated into 3 parts
This sticker has a Braille transcription and it can only be seen, not touched
7/11 out of gas
This paper sword i made
Google docs wants me to correct "beetles" to "beatles" in a paper about the insect
This huge sand pineapple
These weird strawberries I found
I've been making little felt dogs!
Never seen this before wondering if anyone else has P.S. it February
Test your might
This iTunes gift card is so old that the goop that kept the card in place has stained the cardboard
A pregnant clove of garlic.
This twin banana.
My aunt sent me a little care package for my birthday and this was a XL Hershey's bar. She lives in Ohio and I live in Florida.
This building at my local energy plant.
Its 2:20 at 2/20/2020
New 7/11 isn’t open for business yet.
If God exists,what the fuck are these
I went to take a photo of ribs I have cooking in the oven. Instead I got a photo of my reflection, that looks like something out of a comic book.
just bee things
This Jurassic Park Car I Found
My classmate found a pineapple pen
This olive oil inside an olive
The amount of cheese in my crackers.
Unused defective plastic spoon, came out of package with a part missing
100+ year photo and the guy on lower right looks just like the chauffeur from Downton Abbey.
I matched with two Liams back to back. Maybe Liam is a type?
This sweet service horse showed up at the hospital today.
They have something for the mad people
my cat in a weird position
I scraped dried paint off my pallet and put it on a mini canvas
Two fortune cookies in one package
Pseudochromhidrosis: my wife is pregnant and she has turned our bath and toilet blue. Apparently some pregnant women get this when they sweat. Who knew?
This yogurt tho
The internal structure of this cake
Found this leaf looking insect in my cars airfilter box
This lake, Stor Øksø, is completely red yet one of the cleanest in Denmark
This perfect 3
This messed up Skittle
One side of my candy heart... The other side says Date Night so am I missing something here? XD
My asparagus wasn't dead yet
My friend took this picture while on a trip to Canada
There is a new empty building in Plano that uses two comic book references on the site sign.
What it looks like when you pour your soda just right
My tire pressure with the left side in direct sunlight and the right side in the shade
the way the light hits my laundry basket
This freshwater fish tank floating on top of a saltwater moat
It was so cold today that instead of giving me an actual temperature reading my car just said this....
I got a whole sardine in a can of sardines.
My friend was taking apart shelves in his basement to throw away and noticed they were made of old ammo boxes.
Used up this whole pen. (Highlighter as a bonus)
Paperclips that I use at work
I got this number while filling my bottle today
A few stalks of asparagus I purchased last weekend have continued to grow.
A Food Delivery Robot I Saw on Campus Today
My sticky note that has been in my bag for six months
This bottle has the time it was made
This oreo had no pattern or texture on one side. Almost totally smooth.
A Treadwall for endurance training in climbing
Found a dark mode bic pencil in the middle of the road
One time, I took a photo of a double chambered banana.
A tree with a heart on it.
Watching R&amp;M when...
The people from the distracted boyfriend meme are on my maths book
This bottle I saw in Aldi looks like a grenade.
I have captured an amazing moment in human history....
How do you even do this?
The curve on this romaine at my work.
The tile in this bathroom has a Hermann grid illusion (gray dots appearing at the lines’ intersections)
Man, I hate it when my bike just melts
Worst Disguised Cell Tower Ever
This advert that uses panning to tell different stories
This bag of pretzels has a velcro seal
One of my Oreos was put on backwards
This pine cone I found
These 2 carrots that are intertwined
Black pen looks bronze on leather
In Sundance, Wyoming the concrete sidewalks look like traditional Western boardwalks
American history as told by the rings of this tree
Saw a lifeprotip telling me to avoid doing something with a promotion of that thing right below the post.
My colourblind friend drew the sims 4 on paint for our school project.( its suppose to be trump )
Before and after printer alignment
These Oreos are misprinted (all the other ones in the pack are completely normal)
The jeep parked in front of me has jeep-shaped headlights.
My mother’s car has reached 123450 miles.
Now that’s great storytelling
A regular banana vs. The monster banana I bought yesterday.
In correct light, I can see the pattern on my normally full black kitten. My little panther &lt;3
I bought a carving knife and it came with bandages.
My phone case looks like it was molded from a building wall by my workplace
The pattern this bulb made when it blew
Exact same video, somehow different titles when watching.
Is that Baby dangerous? We can’t be too sure about that
My friend is dyslexic &amp; colour blind. I would truly hate all these minor inconveniences.
My building laundry room gives out free condoms, just in case.
Opened up a slap bracelet to find a tape measurer inside
Almost forgot how small the old iPhones were (iPhone 3s compared to two AA’s)
Bug regarding how many months ago video posted only on this particular video
This hotel that changes the floor mats depending on morning, afternoon, or evening.
Mu brother's lighter, it has a joke on it, it took me some time to understand it
Hemp lipstick all used up with not one break!
Freezing forced the water up the funnel
This sign on my route to work.
This Wendy's used to be a bank
This pigeon’s path in the snow
Wind from a recent tornado warning threw this big branch deep into the ground. Luckily not my chest.
This faucet has soap, water, and air all in one.
Those Noodles sorted by portion
Well... This doesn't happen very often.
Progressively Smaller Grapes
The way the sun melts the ice on my car
The way this palm tree trunk acts as a planter for baby oak trees. I suspect rats, squirrels, or acorn woodpeckers are the mechanism.
I sneezed the letter P into my hand
This plant that grew out of iron and concrete.
The shadow from this ‘chem-trail’
An angry bear on a crepe I ate today
These water stalagmites in an old rail tunnel... Hydromites?
The way my water froze over night.
My orange has little baby oranges inside it!
This text exchange between me and Bernie Sanders’ campaign minion, Tomas
This random post synergy
Receipt left near some wax on a hot day lost its print and turned translucent
The book note at the emergency of this hospital looks like Death Note.
Town in Spain is built into cliffside
Half the eggs I bought had a different color
This Dorito is extra spicy, shine on young nacho.
Accidentally drew a face on a latte I made
Our bell pepper was pregnant with another bell pepper that looked like a bird
Today's date.
This wave of ice and icicles
my umbrella after walking in light rain
Today's time / date will be a palindrome. 02:02:20 02/20/20
This Pickle in Mitosis
When the sun is shining on my MacBook it looks like the screen is damaged
This lock looks like a frog with a little something in his mouth .
My Oatmilk shows its c02 footprint on the packaging
The Pennsylvania turn pike has its own superhero
This device lets you play trivia while it does software updates.
My doctor's office has a warning for hazardous Bitcoin on the floor
The size of these Brussel Sprouts we received in a food delivery...
My friend's car has an almost perfectly round bubble in its paint coat.
This tile pattern in my shower. Is it a dachshund or a duck?
My oldie but goldie doggy Luna running in the dreams
The only sign they have in the middle row of my local Walmart is the candy sign. None other than Utah
This packet of red balloons has a yellow one inside of it
This egg that I’m eating kinda looks like the Death Star
Headphones in an AirPods case
On the way to work this morning, I saw this truck with a shark mural
This flower “scar” I was left with after having an allergic reaction to henna.
This phone case I saw at lunch
My work phone shushes me if I'm too loud (original post removed - Rule 5)
These Chipotle gift cards with 'Chipotle' written out in braille.
My friend saw this outside and it looks like like the sky is still loading
My friend saw this outside and it looks like like the sky is still loading
My friend saw this outside and it looks like like the sky is still loading
This ATM has settings for different height vehicles.
Burger King’s new marketing campaign
This pest control guy driving a Beetle.
Bathroom stall doors of the James Bond Museum in Schilthorn, Switzerland.
The way "bio-organic" has been imprinted onto the skin of this avocado
The way the sun hits these pillars
Found someone’s shopping list left in a Walmart shopping cart. I hope they got their toilet paper
This Double banana/s
Place I visited has a warning for the hazardous bitcoins on the floor
Caught this while having drinks at an outdoor bar in Hawaii
What a polite driver
A drive-through coffee spot has a self imposed clearance height that seemingly has no clearance issues.
The focal point of my windows on my neighbor's roof
My man puffing out rainbows
This tile pattern with Madrid's skyline at some railway stations
This shelf at Target full of re-released kids toys from the 80’s.
Yeager played Fred, Shepherd played Yeager, Glenn played Shepherd and Harris played Glenn in The Right Stuff (1983) - this is the first post i made in this sub, i hope i'm doing it right
This A5 water bottle
Some Japanese castles had hidey-holes for defenders to ambush attackers.
I would not mind if Hannah Barbara decided to expand on this theory.
A horseless carriage. Model T Ford [oc]
If you write this in your pillow (or jeans) with your finger you make wonderful music
Saw this statue you in a home decor shop in KSA
This version of Sun Tzu's "The Art of War" has one page in Chinese and the other in modern English
The residue on the lid from my yogurt cup looks like lips.
Bird pooped a perfect circle
My coworker broke my habanero hot sauce and it cleaned the floor.
Business licenses in my area haven’t changed much in the last 150 years, and most products being sold around that time were cotton-based.
A close up of metal
Water in a metal post expanded when freezing and pushed out the cement cap.
My dad ties all his wrappers into knots
Matrix 4 signage in SF
February 22nd, 2022 is going to occur on a Tuesday.
I got the 10,000th parking ticket in my city the other day.
Today my tv turned into a deep fried meme.
This vodka was filtered through meteorites
My notes when I'm half-asleep in class compared to when I wake up
I like to collect mushrooms that look phallic. I call it 'Foreskin Foraging'
I was hopping onto twitch and i notice this
My fitted sheets tell me if I'm putting them on my bed properly
Ram guitar pick
Thank me laterr
This car my sister found...
My new wallpaper matches up with one of my favorite albums!
What Lenin would look like if he was black
Black Lenin
The amount of 2’s and 0’s in today’s date.
The houses on this street are all different colours
Behold the ancient wisdom: "Elephante" according to medieval scholars.
Behold the ancient wisdom: "Elephante" according to medieval scholars.
My daughter and I have a meme, crap talking, inside joke, whiteboard.
A bug I came across in my cab. Looked like it had a mask on it's back!
A heart out of the body.
I wonder what caused this sign to be here
This ATM screen has settings for different height vehicles.
There is a pepper growing in another pepper
Someone at my school made a minecraft panting
Found these three starbursts stuck together
This old Swingline with fake woodgrain
Installed a very small spoiler to my car.
This super long curly fry
Thank me laterrr
My coffee cup catalogued my sips with rings this morning
And, from the people who gave us Mad Max...
This clematis has produced either an odd leaf or a single petal of a flower.
You can see which handle on my sideboard is used the most!
I found this in my dorito bag
The hole I accidentally created when I accidentally broke the mug handle
Women plays violin during brain surgery!
This 6 year old tire sticker ball
Never knew you could leave an ear imprint on your arm from sleeping
The way this bar of chocolate is divided - an escalation
My work phone shushes me if I'm too loud.
I have a rare disease that makes my fingers look expired
Spotted in Wisconsin
I have a rare disease which makes my fingers look like they are expired
I have a rare disease which makes my fingers look like they are expired
Don’t mess with this stapler a.k.a the Matador
Grinch window frost
One of my cat’s paws doubled in size when he had abdominal surgery.
Wool feather
The drink I bought for lunch today vs the one I bought yesterday
In Poland we have a day where we eat donuts all day!
By the side of the train tracks in my home town in Northern England. I'm not even sure what this is.
Elevator buttons in Canada missing floors 4, 13 and 14 to cater to Chinese immigrants.
This one tile
A perfect question mark ? on an avocado [OC]
S o a p that looks like a shell
S o a p that likes like a shell
This black ink changes colour when water hits it
These jet trails look like the anarchy symbol
Desert locusts are migrating and now they have invaded the city I live in and nearby ones
This Kitkat had no wafer
Desert locusts are migrating and now they have invaded the city I live in and nearby ones
What are the most devastating pandemics in human history? In true scale
Thank meee later
The snow looks like pebbles
Frozen in time. I visit this cave at an abandoned fort near my city every year, this is my first time seeing it during winter
At my local high school if you are caught on your phone in class it goes on the wall, they change it every week.
A dog is literally enrolled to a school in Turkey.
Wish there’ll be more of these designated parking spots for electric scooters all over town
Bending crew in the 60's and me bending pipe in 2019. Some things don't change much.
This Donald Trump game I found at the thrift store
This sugar cube shaped like a tea pot
20.20.20.20.02.2020. Once in a lifetime moment.
My old watch strap, which was originally the same colour as my new replacement watch strap
I didn't get charged extra for having good manners, I wonder if rude people get charged extra at MacDonald's.
The way the smoke almost perfectly lines up with the tree in the background and how I took the picture right in the middle on two scene changes.
The way the smoke almost perfectly lines up with the tree in the background and how I took the picture right in the middle on two scene changes.
This door has two mail slots
This cosmic brownie with no line at the center
This not smooth egg
This is the deck of a private yacht on transport to be painted.
This tiny cock and balls safety pin inside my new hoodie
This temple in india where rats share food with people.
The egg shell broke into (almost) equal halves
This pretzel tree
This beautiful pigeon i found in my Apartment.
Pinched the tip of my finger a week ago in a faucet in a bathroom. Now the tip is black. Never seen a blister like this before.
This fossil embedded into the stone I found at the top of the Ta cenc cliffs in Gozo, Malta.
The man on this crosswalk sign looks like Freddy Krueger
Just bought Close to the Edge by Yes on vinyl. It’s closed all the way but wasn’t even. It’s close to the edge.
Someone peeled off 20 years worth of subway ads to reveal this Road Trip poster, circa 2000.
Found a travel brochure from the World Trade Center while cleaning out my house
Green chocolate, made with tea leaves and chocolate beans.
What a food allergy test looks like.
The bruise on my arm looks like a dong
This conference toilet in my hotel
The Earth in one eye, gemstone in the other.
This tiny, badly cut, bursting tartare packet
Protestors in Beirut, pasted copies of their college degrees on a concrete wall separating the government from the people, to protest for the lack of work opportunities
These college chairs that have poles that lock into each other, so that the chairs won’t get out of line easily.
Marching interesting
These Lego salt &amp; pepper shakers I’ve just ordered.
This bike stand kinda looks like a duck.
Messed up this fudge and it looks like fried chicken
eating chips with chopsticks when working on the computer
Does pineapple go on pizza?
This grape trying its darndest to be a pumpkin
100% done wool feather (my parents say that it feels like and looks like rabbit fur)
This explanation for the street name (sorry for the dark photo)
The £20 note is set to release today on the 20/02/2020 as there is 3 twenties found in this date
A pun found in my local ice cream shop
This rice cooked vertically
This tiny carrot we got. Toothpick for scale.
The engine of a zamboni
The way the snow melted off my windshield overnight
Stack of rocks I found in the woods
i spent 2 hours peeling these crayons
This store in Germany has shopping carts that comes with a magnifying glass.
Bdelloid Rotifer. A Metazoa. Feeds primarily on detritus material and plankton organisms. The face splits open and it has spines that funnel everything into its mouth.
In the Czech republic, there is a village called Květnice, which means something like "flower village". Every single street name is based on one of the flower species.
Caught my iris inside and outside my glasses
The oldest penny that I have
Suctoria. Stalked ciliated protozoa that is carnivorous. It feeds on other organisms by impaling them.
clouds are like smoke coming out of chimney
I call this piece: 1h on a plane when telephone died.
Long exposure of hikers at dusk
This limited edition butter packaging
The way one of my students held their nail to the flame.
Skiers looking like musical notes.
My friend cleared his ruler of numbers and made it a saw tool
This tree pruned to avoid power lines
Frost on the windshield in the exact shape of the Range Rover roof
This cool phone charger
My local supermarket is now having a 'quiet hour' to help customers with sensory needs.
Soda cans in Hawaii have ridges on the top to reduce the aluminum use in the can
Right now in New Zealand. 20:20 20/02/2020
Caught a bug flying around my room by the wings!
This guy is walking around with a rabbit on his shoulder
Took this good looking photo on a shit phone by mistake
My chip is pac man!
My potato chip shaped like a fortune cookie
My shiba inu looked like the meme doggo.
Happy as a clam
Noticed our new lamp on a show
Local "tweakers" tend to leave behind random stuff where I work. This is what I've collected since the beginning of the year
A live tv feed to the other taxi waiting area so you can see which one is emptier - found it at the Singapore airport
Where our numbers come from
My friend didn’t want to post this golden ticket he got in his package
My boyfriend works for a car dealership. The label was put on upside down at the factory.
These bubbles have an aura of bubbles
This double mushroom I found at the supermarket.
The way this looks in slow motion
These randomly (almost) identical cars in line at a local McDonald’s.
Brussel sprout flavored chips (crisps) I found in Singapore.
I found this 10 cents coin (€) covered in limestone today
The hotel I'm staying in doesn't have a room number 13 on the 17th floor
Came across these rocks in the mud that had moved on their own while hunting arrowheads on a muddy flat piece of ground near a creek. Had a lot of rain lately so either the water pushed them, or wind and water making the ground slick moved them.
The fouling on my bathroom mirror looks like a little dude meditating.
The way these spaghetti noodles are folded
Ice spikes on an ice tray.
My pockets have some kind of map on them.
A teacher at our school found a piece of ice with moss growing on it outside in the middle of winter!
This creepy face at the bottom of my beer mug
A pigeon flew into a window so hard at work today that it left an almost full imprint on the glass.
Just two unrelated related tweets back to back
Fixed broken glasses bridge with UV nail kit
The Outline Of Multiple European Aircraft Fuselages
This snow leopard’s incredible camouflage
The number of things to take note when ordering food here
KFC turned Jamba Juice
My pinky bends like this so I draw faces on it
Perfect photo of a full moon
We are in the world of wizards, Harry!
I found this sign on a walking trail in downtown Bucksport, ME
The shadow on my blinds
Coffe stain on our table this morning
Human gummypede
I drank a test beer from Budweiser tonight
These brick circles in San Francisco are above emergency cisterns built after the fires from the 1906 earthquake.
This lady's right boob is bigger than the left one
This manhole cover [OC]
This author seems to have predicted the future eerily accurately...
Two boxes of Lucky Charms have different serving sizes
This game translates all in game chat to user’s set language.
The way this bar of chocolate is divided
This yellow potato is near half a foot long.
This yellow potato is near half a foot long.
This yellow potato is near half a foot long.
My thumb bends like this. Can yours?
this oreo is backwards!
Charging Juuls on the battery pack makes it look like a router
These boat themed mirrors at a seafood place.
The milk cap smiled at me today
This rock at Mont-Tremblant has a map of the ski trails carved into it
The United States of Yogurt
Randy from South Park...
the bar code of my cookies
The sheer variety of icee flavors available at this random gas station.
The blister at the base of my middle finger ripped off in the shape of a heart
This cloud looked like a giant ship
Some people see images in clouds...I couldn't help but see a bunny in this evaporating water.
A guy hit a power line with his paraglider
Stray kernel in my bag of frozen peas
A strand of my hair fell and formed a yin yang symbol
Its always nice when an acne stuck on the hair, so i don’t have to squeed the living day light out of my husband..
A stuffed Racoon above a coat rack eating Cracker Jack at my local barber shop.
In Canada, Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups are missing the ‘S and come with 3 cups instead of 2.
This House in Poland
We got tired of losing the apple tv remote so we taped it to a cup.
Someone left this encouraging message near the top of my snowshoe hike today
these were at walmart: they're called "unicorn flash". they were in the Valentine's Day toy section.
Crushed nerds I found at the bottom of my backpack. I can't open the container because the nerds may have melted or compacted..?
The amount of birds on one tree
I uploaded a photo of the charmander and sonic not too long ago and now they have changed sonic
The strange shape of this apple from school
“The Peculiar Game of My Wife and I” — a board game c. 1890
A volleyball player who scores without spiking
The head of the girl in the red in this picture looks glitched.
An original menu from the pizzeria I work at from 1968. A whole cheese and pepperoni was $3.04
My mom found a chocolate bar that expired over 2000 years ago
These chips are flavored wrong, hint of jalapeno with sour cream &amp; onion, but I kinda like it.
Rorsarch time. What do you see in my foam?
The marsh around a research site burned and the new growth pushed this lost compass out of the water.
Kylo Ren force projecting into my girlfriend’s apartment
My notes before and after ADHD diagnosis/treatment.
This package of grass fed beef has a specially designed bar code
Close up of a fish
Made a warm from aluminum foil
This cool candy "wrapper"?
This web page has Clippy on it
This cool candy "wrapper"?
This Rent-To-Own is for rent.
I may have spent $5 on this app but look at this cute person I made :))
I do love beer!
I may have spent $5 on this app but look at this cute person I made :))
This picture I bought at a antique shop is printed on butterfly wings
There’s a fruit popsicle recipe on my banana sticker
Use all of the ink.
Wizard Pepper Tree
My friend’s food bag has two sets of rip tabs for easier eating when the bag gets emptier
This fully dark house in Germany
My Dad's outside micrometer from 1980
This huge ball of yarn from a blanket I unraveled
More ice things! A bit like a moon
I shed a lot, and the hair I stuck to the shower wall today kinda looks like a dragon
Miniature tea set
there’s another stem growing inside my bell pepper
This pencil with a graphite core that’s off center.
there a galaxy in my cider
there a galaxy in my cider
there a galaxy in my cider
A latin dictionary from the 50’s
This battery has a T shaped charge on it. Don’t know what it’s actually called, but thought it was cool
The way this paint splatter looks like a Banksy
The way this paint splatter looks like a Banksy^tm
Grocery store by my apartment got new carts with cell phone holders. I thought it was cool.
Simple License Plate
This kinda fairy Tale style house next to a really modern house.
This shark submarine
Don’t know were to post this
I'm literally 5 years old but look at this cute person I designed hehe
This penny was made in 1925 and is older then world war 2 itself.
My vet’s office has a tick awareness poster that looks like a movie ad
My neighborhood has a dog washing station called “DoggoWash” thats very popular here
Card readers at Galaxy’s Edge (Star Wars) area at disneyland
ghost adventures at night
This parking garage has red and green lights to indicate full and empty spots
To the person with penny floors here is $11,000 in penny walls
A penny on this quarter that got dirty and made a perfect outline.
My boss’s door stop.
This smarties divided into rows
I’m fascinated by this ad
This squirtle hanging from a house
This tree with a master lock on it.
"Storm" on this storm drain looks handwritten.
This vending machine serves soda and canned seafood
My cat checking out this star fruit
These clouds look like a bear waving at someone [OC]
A commercial airliner without any markings
This bathroom stall door has spikes to prevent people hanging on it.
A staw with two holes
My notebook has a few pages that were accidentally folded during manufacturing and are missing the cut spiral holes
My friend made a Rice Krispie ball
This guy from a porno looks like a sketchy used car salesman
This strawberry
Flying out of Alice Springs (Australia), I found a wing (collective noun) of Boeing 737 MAX in their natural environment.
Finished my first ever string art project
My first ever string art finished today
An Emu egg (right) is equivalent to roughly 12 chicken eggs (left). They are also very beautiful, with a deep blue-green color and lighter blue speckles.
Interesting License Plates
This lil seasoning face on my chicken
Zeiss Ikon cinema projector from 1920 found in the lobby of a furniture store in Sweden.
Cat making a heart hole
panoramas i took of the astoria pool in astoria, NY in two different seasons. top is march, bottom is august
Apple flavored soda
I colorized a photo of my great great grandmother on myheritage
The bread from my chex mix looks like a penis.
A really long french fry I got at McDonald's.
Saw this whole lot of ducks just chilling at the entrance of a trail/park.
Pretty interesting soviet mosin nagant mod i found online
This lady was able to fit 10 magic markers
This calcium growing in my basement.
3 strawberries fused into one jackpot strawberry
Found a bottle of diet Coke from 1997 in the breakroom
A drained portion of the Grand Union Canal today
this bit of firey wood that looks like a rose
This Tree Cuts Off To Be Two Trees
This Sad Face on the Rear of my Toilet
There is a subculture (and I have more pictures) of Christian Shar Pei lovers.
Snap, Crackle, and Pop from a Rice Krispies ad in a LIFE magazine from 1941
This multifaceted crystal
My can said “sup” to me today
This lady petting a tiger
Caution: Wild dancing ahead
Showing the price of each product.
The water around these rocks kinda makes them look cell shaded.
Box has proper procedures to keep eggs good.
After washing out my hair dye I put my hair in a ponytail over night and my transparent elastic is now the same colour of my hair.
This guy found hiding behind the wallpaper in my folks' room
a balanced piece of hair
This weirdly shaped egg
The shadow of my moms ironing board looks like a pig with a fat bird on its back
Got an ad with the same exact cake day cake from Reddit (sorry for bad quality)
This cylindrical rotating menu of PLU numbers at a Self Checkout in Charlotte NC
This Game Boy on display in New York City
Took pins off my backpack and they persevered the backpack’s original color underneath
Countertop worn away by water between soap dispenser and sink
My dog only eats from one side of the bowl
I got new bedding today and I kinda like the way the wrinkles look.
Yesterday’s snowfall was full of little snow spikes
My pepper had another pepper inside
this fan/clock
It rained so much that the field looked like a lake.
My first time seeing the inside of a Golf ball
Greek themed plate of a horse dragging
So this just popped up on my screen...
Gas powered light in an Amish grocery store.
I accidentally spilt milk this morning during breakfast in the shape of a bust. George Washington maybe?
My notes before and after ADHD diagnosis/treatment.
This cool dark red fire. Forget what you burn to make it that tho
If you have more than 99 tabs open, chrome (on smartphone) will show you a smile for the number
My classmate made this over the span of 5 days. Goes to show just how boring some subjects are.
A feather coming out of my winter coat resembles a spider
Someone in my street managed to park in a way one wheel doesn't touch the ground
saw this this morning and just wanted to make a funny comment about it like "paint fast". learned about rule 6 this way, still wanted to share.
This meme placement
My younger brother just had this chilling in his wallet
my boy waiting for me like this everyday
2km inshore, road markings indicate the safe zone in case of tsunami. Based on modeling of potential impact large offshore earthquakes may have. Horowhenua, New Zealand.
Cardboard game my daughter (8) and I (35) made with an automatic ball return. Cardboard, solo cups and hot glue with a little tape.
This plane my brother is on has outside cameras you can watch the flight from.
Cat making a heart hole
Man eating popcorn in theater while wearing a single rubber glove
My hotel doesn't have a 13th floor
the way my AirPods landed on my bed
The way this cinema vacuum packs its popcorn
My novelty Darth Vader cup looks like a cheerful muppet when upside down.
This building doesn’t have a 1st, 2nd, or 5th floor
This building doesn’t have a 1,2 or 5th floor
This pice of art, but who knows?
This pice of art, but who knows?
My mouse light has a smiley face.
Clock ticks in 5 second intervals
All of the pop tarts in the variety pack have a different expiration date
A bird hit the window at the drive-in of my workplace and left a imprint on the glass.
couldn’t find my polo shirt this morning
This turquoise fire. Happens when you burn CuCl2
I managed to capture this clip of a lightning
My public university gives out tampons for free, yet nobody has hoarded them all yet
This leaf me and my friend found growing out of a rock.
This sous vide ribeye that looks like a delicious sea turtle
This muscle had a baby holding on
The way the panels are arranged in this “Marvin” comic make it look like the mom has a big head.
Found a bunch of these rock mini statues while I was hiking on the trial of the gods.
Blockbuster is back?
This vending machine that dispenses musical supplies.
My chip looks like California
I've been looking for my wedding band for weeks.
The man slipping in this warning sign is just a man running sideways.
The patience someone has to pull this off is astonishing
This tangled up pretzel in my snack.
The empty booze bottles hidden above the ceiling tiles in my grandma's basement.
Dr. Phil has branded tissues
This huge icicle
This huge icicle
Different hooks to sort clothes which you tried in a fitting room.
Jurassic Park Ranger at Little Caesars
In my valentines bag of m&amp;m's I found a m&amp;m that is shaped like a heart
This Houston Library vending machine lending library
Trader Joe’s hot dog bun left out for months, has no mold, and is still soft, hmm
Banana with a pearl earring.
Jamaican food shop in Birmingham UK has the floor covered in Jamaican dolls coins
A 16 fluid ounce Coca-Cola can
What do you see in it? I see that even a skull can be pretty.
A 16 fluid once Coca-Cola can
This guy maximized his karlma
did this with pollution and some wood and rock
In Manchester walking lights are not mounted across the street but in direction of the incoming traffic (and lower). This way you have to look for traffic before crossing the street.
Straw that came with Chobani gimmies yogurt milkshake. Albeit very wasteful.
A non-spherical rolling shape(Oloid)
These 2 image results form the whole image.
How the cookie is completed between 2 Oreo boxes.
Not often do you see made with real sugar as a selling point
The hoddies in my school are made by a company called cannabis
How small my cats pupils are in the sunlight
I made the back glass cover of my Pixel 3 transparent
My Tots have been victimized by Shrinkflation
This egg's membrane stayed intact
Costco pays Liberty Tires to take scrap tires from their Tireshop. Liberty Tires sells them back to Costco in the form of mulch. Costco then sells it.
A door shocked me while I was covered in drywall dust and you can see the path the electricity took
My uncles basement with arcade machines
A split pencil
This water runoff shaped like an electric guitar
Found an onion with a bad history
Disney bought the domain name Muppet Fucker
This 4 in 1 camera we installed
How closely this piece of ham I had resembles a human brain and spinal chord.
got one more for free
This misprint on my sock. What does it say?
In Rockland, Maine there's an entire coffee shop devoted to Donald Trump.
my math book looks like an episode of iCarly
This healthy water dispenser with multiple flavours and different water types
Baby burrito vs mouse.
This air bubble in my container of ice cream in the shape of a heart
My ice cube grew an ice penis.
This ice skating saguaro
The motivational posters they hang up at my school they really keep me going
This pear is almost perfectly half rotten
In the Buenos Aires subway you can buy books by Spinoza and about metaphysics along with the usual magazines.
X-ray of my air pods
I got a 2 fortunes for the price of 1
A weird reflections of a vinyl record in a windowsill
After years of using Zig Zag rolling papers, just noticed this neat feature in the packaging
Some patterns showed up when I placed the vinyl in just the right spot
Sign seems like a missed opportunity.
This germinated apple seed in my apple.
What the hell happened here?
The way the lacquer burned off the wood panel
These USB ports to charge your phone in public transportation.
This wet floor sign has an amusing shape
My parents bought a huge watermelon. Banana for size
Ornate Mystery Box
The way Photoshop's 'lighter color' overlay graphs each color's value.
Theese two exact same model keyboards in my class
Gummy bear in loop acid gummies
Concept planet walker
Ben is cracking me up 😂
This concept Ferrari.
My friend got a 3 coloured pepper
How I half a tub of ice cream with my wife.
I ripped it a little but this tissue is double-sized (normal tissue on bottom for comparison)
There is something wrong here. Oops.
Meanwhile gauchos in Argentina
A near symmetrical (with inverted colour) boccia game!
Took a random pic and it looks like i have makeup under my eye
I think my toddler has a quest for me
Vodka with a sweater found at my local Target
A near symmetrical game of boccia
The way the car and a street lamp made a shadow
3 sided die
Iv been on reddit 3 years and I just got my first upvote.
A main character of an anime (rezero) gains weight and becomes fat in season 2
This bar mix has Cheerios in it.
The navigation on my Mazda shows a picture of a tunnel as you enter a tunnel rather than “searching for signal”
My Keebler Peanut Butter Crackers were Triple-Deckers Today!
The way the frost melts on my neighbors roof from shadow cast by another neighbors house
A 50% done wool feather
driving along the highway and I see buzz saving woody
My carton of kiwis came with it’s own knife/spoon.
5 69's on my phone
Watching snl skit with Peyton Manning and this advertisement has a guy that looks like Eli Manning
This tiny, tiny smart phone.
This neglected little free library
Accidental over-easy ying yang
The way these staples stacked up on the remover.
When high speed internet is a must in your life
Patient plays violin during brain surgery to preserve skill
I came to the library today to write a paper for grad school, this is in the bathroom near the exit! ‘We understand some things are hard to talk about’ lists difficult topics and how and where to find information in the library!
Inside view of an hard disk drive
The stains my yoghurt drink left on the glass
My friend found this moth(?) in his garage.
Spider-Man can dance to any song in sync
A close up picture of "The Rape of Prosperina" (1621-1622), a large Baroque Carrara marble sculptural group by Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini, Galleria Borghese, Rome
My 79 year old mother's cable management.
Did you know some fish are unfortunately injected with dye because mother nature apparently did not make them colorful enough (These guys arrived dead)
These dice have no 1 side.
This dual use looking plunger
Football manager Sven-Göran Eriksson has an album. (Found in a countryside charity shop, UK)
My hometown has the fastest dominos delivery in the world. 8.8 mins.
My very indoor cat hanging on to the front door for dear life
These leaves melted straight down into the snow
This guide to Venice Beach posted in my AirBnb
The eyes on these conch snails looking up at me
This bird inside a shop
The grape with a heart shaped rot. Post Valentine's day grape.
This set up to bend a railcar back into shape.
Never had a prouder moment in my life before.
My headphones got caught on my chair as I pulled it out, ended up balanced
This weird lemon head
My pickle was doubled.
I just noticed Froot Loops are named like Froot Loops and not fruit loops (I don’t know where else to post this)
What happens when a bird moves during a panorama
This stool kinda looks like a bacteriophage virus.
This license plate.
These cardboard up/downdoots I found at work.
My english book has examples of how/how not to write letters
Rent-Free / Mortgage-Free : Converting a Vintage Bus into a Tiny Home
Delivered to an apartment building today that was originally a junior high school in the 1980s.
What he done this time?
This is one bad-ass dish detergent.
This gift voucher that works at any store
This is Nestlé's attempt to win back redditors
This apple has a clear cut division between it's lighter and darker side
Same water, different price
A chicken restaurant turned used car dealer.. (Prosted on r/repurposedbuildings)
Picture I took looks like a painting. (I took it in VA for anyone wondering)
The difference between grass that was covered for a week (left) and uncovered (right).
This incredibly worn out towel tag
Longtime school bus driver will be laid to rest in school bus casket
These 18h century judicial documents use playing cards as labels
This vintage sugar bowl with tongs built in the lid
These sewer grates in Italy look like the world trade centre
Saw a wii out on the street.
I made a post about missing upvote 1k by 1 vote but got rewarded x10
My bread is in pain
Impact Driver =&gt; Cardboard Nerf Gun
This keyboard has a modified caps lock key so that you are less likely to accidentally hit the caps lock! This is an HP stock keyboard.
This spiders “paws”
World War 1 Trenches Today
This strip mall that looks like the story of making and dealing with the consequences of bad decisions.
A piece of hair in my shower making a perfect circle.
Turning the lights on in our nursery makes it change from blue walls, grey carpet to purple walls, brown carpet.
This truck with 1,000,000 miles on it
Not sure if this belongs here but I made an “f” out of a deck of cards
Not sure if this belongs here but I made an “f” out of a deck of cards
The place where I'm staying in the Italian Dolomites has a pizza vending machine.
The frost/shadow line looks like a shore line
The parking spaces near the Labor and Delivery wing of the hospital I went to. So cute!
This usb stick that looks like an shocked knight
Woman cooking eggs in a thermal spring attire - Thailand
My cereal contained a chonker piece
This upvote count is the full number
Train washer
Original post was removed. Here is our tire sticker ball that we have been growing for 6 years.
100% Mexican except for the boxed California wines on the left in the photo from a Cabo San Lucas super market.
100% Mexican except for the boxed California wines on the left in the photo from a Cabo San Lucas super market.
That a accent is listed as a language
A paperclip inside a paperclip (paperclip-ception)
My neighbor's cat has one towheaded toe.
Interesting choice of wall art I saw in a customer’s house yesterday.
I don't know why but for some reason I have 3 shadows
Stump or vulva?
The floor under these urinals is stained from pee dripping
Did you that if you stick your finger between a baby’s toes, the baby will wrap their toes around it?
Just some ice...
My glasses through a pair of sunglasses
I zoomed my phone camera in on a computer monitor
Hydro dipped penny board
this rock i found on the beach has a hole in it
My lotion made a little snake
There’s blue marks on the wall of this pool room from people leaning their pool sticks in the corner.
Scrolling through Reddit, this ad seems to answer the question right above.
Found a cool silver dollar with freemasons symbol
This deformed cheese twist
Cartoony double double yolk eggs for breakfast.
My odometer reading this morning...
The way my bowl broke after I put it in the microwave (whoops)
Worth a read
Our tire sticker ball turned 6 yesterday
This picture of my dog at an angle
A reverse version (OP is on my recent posts from r/mildlyinfuriating)
Peach ice tea bottle with raspberry lid
Patient plays violin during brain tumor removal
The gummy bears are back.
This faucet design at a Korean rest stop.
This marine style octopus flask from Crete, Greece, ca. 1450 BCE. is mildly similar to modern Japanese tentacle art
The floor at my work is tiled with 3k work of pennies.
My teachers nail
This is one month of rent and utilities.
This incredibly tiny key next to a normal key
How many do you see?
The information shared by this guy is something which will go unnoticed.
This ship shaped house in Lefkada, Greece
A wheelchair accessible roundabout
This wild bird on my flight to Denver
The Earth in my dog’s right eye
The Earth in my dog’s right eye
This restaurant has an elevator for food.
Just grew my own watermelon indoor
Just grew my own watermelon indoor
Rainbow film over headlights
The way the condensation formed on this wine glass makes it look like it has scales
This “secret library” outside a house.
The potato I grew looks like a small bird wearing boxing gloves.
Storm building caused a visible glitch in the skyOS
Was studying and suddenly realised the coronal section of the human brain looks like a parachute
If Amazon's Alexa tech was in a Hit Clips
The pipes in this building are spiked. Any ideas why?
The plane I was just on made a full rainbow circle in the clouds.
The trains in London don’t have separators in between cars
I think this belongs here
I have multiple rows of eyelashes. One scrapes my eye though.
A director of a marine research centre has a signature that’s very on brand
Here is a rotten eggplant at Walmart
Ursidae centipede!
Interesting
My phone as a mode that makes it so you can see the boundaries of buttons
My rubik's cube that got sun bleached while scrambled barely looks solved now
A company sources water from the DMZ and markets it as being “Untouched by man for over 60 years.” The DMZ (demilitarized zone) is a 160 mile long “no man’s land” that serves as a buffer between North and South Korea in accordance with the 1953 ceasefire.
I crinkled a packet of Ritz and it made a cool pattern.
I bent a wire so it can hold any phone. Its a bit ugly but it does the job
I wonder how they sound
An upside down label
This snoop dog cook book I found
There's a line in the sky
Made Ice Cubes from pure Lemon Juice
Someone stamped a poo emoji on the loo roll at work
This mosquito coil after a storm
The Pepper Disobeys the Laws of Physics (because of humidity)
These lights above the door of a bar I went to in San Diego
The impossible bomb on Minesweeper (The pink bomb)
extension mechanism "Mädchenfänger" used to reposition joint near radius fractures
So my glove perfectly matched my mood tonight.
My oreo is only printed on one side
This capsicum is definitely a grower
This double cucumber
Saw a bike valet
An inverted Oreo side left a mark on the cream
This freakishly long tooth brush.
This anime character looks like Eminem.
This anime character looks like Eminem.
When you search up b, Cardi b comes up.
For all the people who have never seen fully healed burn scars, these are what they look like! (Excuse the scratches)
The way these memes correlate with one another
These stickers sliding off a train window
Ink stain shaped like a grim reaper found at work
Started a new hobby for my anxiety. Some people don’t know what “book folding” is. So here ya go! (It’s my first one - not super good)
Super airated water
My Ritz with hummus looks like DT
This Monster can that froze at my workplace
Got a nosebleed in the shape of Australia
In my in laws bedroom. Can’t tell if this is white on blue OR pink on green. Please help settle an escalating argument!
This street art
paint fast!
This tree looks like it has a sad expression.
This eggshell that was discarded from a bird's nest in our house
My ramen looks like Oklahoma
These 2 boxes. Bought in 2 different states, less than 2 weeks apart, with different names?
There was a flood in Denmark and a guy posted this on social media.(R)
A bag of tea leaves that ended up being whole leaves dried up.
Snowboarder on Mauna Kea, Hawaii
To hesitate trash can thieves:
The way this frost folded
This seed pod looks like a pig nose
Blue Shirts in a Texas Goodwill
Monster Gobstopper day 5 and you can see all the colours
Ain't This Just Swell.
Arial photograph I took of Mass Wedding ceremony in Saudi Arabia (oc)
Gma found while cleaning. Document/Birth certificate belonged to her aunt Joyce (great aunt to me..duh). Devils in the details.
These sprinklers on the road near the ski resort I’m at in japan to keep the road from freezing over. (Salt Water if you were wondering)
This albino alligator
These sprinklers on the road near my ski resort in japan to keep the road from freezing over. (Salt Water if you were wondering)
My beer looks like an Upvote [OC]
The bathroom stall at my neighborhood grocery store has 3 levels of security.
I saw another person on here with a bifid uvula, here's mine.
This XO logo embedded in the coding of The Weeknd's webstore
Just a fun fact for you :)
This XO logo I saw embedded in the coding of The Weeknd's webstore
Why is the 4 on the clock at work is spelt IIII instead of IV?
Tree's fighting back after the Bushfires. East Gippsland Victoria.
I wrote a 600 word essay on the significance of lettuce in burgers
Some kid didn’t want to bike today
My Division 2 character spawned as an amputee. Still counted 100% of my glove armor.
how my AirPods landed on my bed
I found a round stone from an old mill hiking today (large water bottle for size)
I found a round stone from an old mill hiking today (large water bottle for size)
What are the chances
Meteor spotted tonight in central Mexico.
Sealed Skittles wrapper without skittles
the way the snow curved at the cabin i stayed at
Pulled the whole claw out
When you see it you know.
The Asian restaurant I went to, used a half cut potato as a flag holder.
In response to the post where the poster that had 2 uvulas where I have none.
A perfect thumbprint on the inside of a brand new ink pad, which was wrapped in plastic.
Bought this beautiful disaster a couple days ago.. wanted something different. Honestly, I like it. BlackBerry KeyOne
My pork rind had hair coming out of it
Some guy in San Antonio stole our podcast logo for his business.
This starburst dispenser I found at an antique mall
I have 2 uvulas
Baby carrot looks like my dad’s table saw-mangled finger.
The first word on this page of the dictionary is cue, and the last is cumbersome, meaning cucumber is almost spelled out on the top of the page
Sexist gift cards still exist.
The way these glasses stacked in kfc
The top of an aluminum can before it's been pressed.
Found in a baby signs book, might have trouble with that one!
Found these three starbursts stuck together
This picture that I took of a stick on my hand, looks a bit like a much larger sticker on a person's mons pubis.
The way this toilet paper was set up
This frame a resturant put around a hole in the wall from someone punching it.
I got 2 of the same puzzle piece
went from sanding copper to working with ammonia in lab today. got some ammonia on my hands and the copper under my nails oxidized!
Water found a way to go around those two circles that were sprayed on the sidewalk
Some of my cat’s stripes line up in certain positions
Massive lynx sculpture made entirely of recycled materials
This tiny green grape in this bunch of red grapes.
Curved greenbean
What is this emblem from
A complimentary mouthwash station inside a fast food restaurant.
Remnants from an airborne took the shape of a buffalo
my roommate Mat in the shower
The floor tile in front of my toilet looks like George Washington....
Someone cut a chunk out of the head of this deer.
This expandable multi-blade pizza slicer.
This Oreo’s cookie is inside out
My notebook has 2 screensavers when it's in tablet mode
This owl art I found at a Goodwill in Columbus, OH
These posts (which were obviously a pair) I saw right next to each other
How the tea deposits form a flower pattern.
This bumper sticker during the Nixon administration
My grocery store uses balloons to designate produce
My mushroom kit that had no mushrooms 18 hours ago...
My friend found a Takis chip that wasn't rolled up
I found this worm in the shape of a 3
The trail this happy meal box left in the snow
My Dad gave me his bumper sticker he got during the Nixon administration
This white strawberry my wife found
My Dad gave me his bumper sticker he got during the Nixon administration
My Dad gave me his bumper sticker he got during the Nixon administration
An Amazon Fulfillment Center break-room under construction. So I guess they do exist.(5,000sqft)
Clouds shaped like an Eagle catching fish dinner
The name of these fans
2 lifesavers one package
5 years of paint layers on this trestle
Discovered a pepper growing inside my pepper
A physical maze
Abraham Lincoln worn away by repeated wash cycles
My professors are insinuating eating of enemies might show contempt.
What he done this time?
My first 1000 upvote comment, and it’s on my 1 year cake day!
This unknown bindings option on a book I was buying.
This cloud looks like a hawk grabbing a fish
Barcode from mineral water looks like a mountain
Heirloom family banjo has been buffed out for over 100 years
Created an architectural marvel with knockoff Jenga set.
Odd icicle.
The northern point upon this deposited plan is in the shape of a fighter jet. Being curious I decided to research the name of the estate (Wirraway). Turns out the estate is named after a WW2 plane mainlused for pilot training and also the aboriginal interpretation means to "challenge" or "be free".
Changes in history?
Up, Down, and All Around
Coronavirus reported. We're en route.
Don’t ask me because I don’t have answers
The auto parts store I work at is being remodelled. This was found behind a wall.
These Actual Reality Goggles that come with a box of Reese’s Puffs
The napkins on top are so organized
The Apple logo on my Macbook is partly translucent.
Tried to post in r/art, but “incorrect format” stopped me. My friend got oil paints this weekend and made these, on her first try! She isn’t as proud of herself as she should be, can she get some support?
The guy who voiced Crayton from Tarzan honestly looks like a big game hunter.
I'd freak out if I saw this 3D graffiti.
Jack n the Box gave my friend his order in Burger King bags
My Car fob’s key fits perfectly into my car fob to pop it open and change the battery.
Turn the phone around and you will see a happy mountain
This scary yet cool graffiti
This toilet seat split in half when I sat on it
This stylish paperclip chandelier
Wholesome Minecraft Math Problem
Wholesome Minecraft Math Problems
German incense "smoker" from my late stepmother.
Oh yeah, it does make sense
My Grandmother's dance card from a dance in Leal, ND from 1928.
These Street lights are reused beer keykegs.
This was on a portable restroom wall!
Baby salt and pepper shakers in my hotel room
My son took a picture of the inside of a water bottle
2 in 1 pepper
My Favorite Lamp Post
My son's toy looks like Boris Johnson
Spin
This cat with a sword down his spine
My English teachers globe still has Germany split
Students at Catholic High School peacefully protesting (and walked out) their administration firing two LGBT teachers
Students at Catholic High School peacefully protesting (and walked out) their administration firing two LGBT teachers
Students at Catholic High School peacefully protesting (and walked out) their administration firing two LGBT teachers
Lemon I grew vs one I bought
A cell phone ad that was used as part of the packing material in a package received at my work. I was rather amused by the features. Also, I work for an Amish Furniture Store so I do know for who and why this exists. Just such a departure from what we typically are looking for in a device.
This black sun chip in my snack mix
The way these fruits are bagged
Try again! Awesome mural on a venue in my hometown
My fortune cookie had two fortunes in it.
My 2006 Honda Ridgeline at exactly 100,000 miles, as of this afternoon.
Moving a building with cranes and trucks.
Perfect holy dorrito
My dad X-rayed his iPhone 11 Pro Max and this is what it looks like
All major delivery services in one place.
My new trumpet. Makes the same noise as a normal one it's just half the size.
Anyone else have yellow eyes. Am I one in 7 billion?
This store’s name perfectly depicts what girls tell the guy if they didn’t like the sex they had
The arm on my guitar hero guitar protected just a little bit of the red coloring that was lost after 11 years in the sun.
Found a peanut in my son’s pocket after it came out of the dryer. Extra roasted. (Normal peanut for comparison)
The way this candle semi-melted (floppified) in this hot house.
All four walls of this building in my hometown have murals on all four walls. This one is my favorite
This pharmacy vending machine in the Jersey Gardens Mall.
We found a brick of pure seasoning in a bag of Cheetos
This upvotes to comment ratio
During high school I collected the “due back” things our local video store gave out with borrowed DVDs and used them as bookmarks in my library books. Now it’s over 10 years later and the video store no longer exists, but I’m still using the “bookmarks” with my books from the thriving local library.
During high school I collected these “due back” things our local video store gave out with borrowed DVDs and use them as bookmarks in my library books. Now it’s 10 years later and the video store no longer exists, but I’m still using the “bookmarks” with my books from the thriving local library.
My steaks look like cross-sections of human heads.
These dried coffee beans in an empty old burlap sack from a local flea market
My York peppermint candy says BB 08 in the expiration date
Reposted because I am a dumbass, look closely Explanation in comments
I have trichiasis, which is when eyelashes grow on the *inside* of my eyelid
100 year old family airloom banjo metal rubbed away from arm rubbing
This Giant Fossil Scallop Shell Covered With Barnacles
What's inside of a mango
This high class hospital parking permit.
How the windows are arranged on this building
The screw has rusted off the thing
A lane/light made solely for u-turns
Are you an “Iniee” or an Audi?
I found a unicorn gummy worm
Look closely
These lights look like a missing texture.
Slice of 565 year old tree with significant events labeled on the rings
this grape with veins
The way the tube vanishes
This Marshmallow Guy I Got In The Mail Today
Cardiod created by camera's flash while taking photo of roasting quinoa
My milk expires on Feb 29.
Price of a wild salmon in a local shop... future is here...
The difference of 3 months between my used shoes(R) and my spares(L)
This Jeep Wrangler with some animal decals
Well obviously..
Poster detailing contraceptive options for women. Seen in a Canadian walk-in clinic
Apparently it’s 2019 again.
Found a pineapple flavoured ice cream in my bag of giant strawberries.
This Oreo that had the biscuit part back to front
evenly slurped both flavors
This company that is proud to merely exist
Electronic Check for a birthday from Navy Federal
Teddy gram piggy back
When my grandma finally agreed to replace her 50 her old kitchen floor, my uncle saved a tile and framed it in remembrance.
My pinscher seen on an infrared camera
The ice looks like people
The ice looks like people
This huge chip I got in my bag of chips
My post reposted,so here is a giant peanut😀
This hospital has pieces of paper on the wall you can take so you remember what floor you parked on.
These figurines in Chinatown are wearing their glasses down by their mouths.
My sidewalk was rainbow today
I like the mayor of this town ;)
Snapped a pic of a pretty sweet storm cloud
I knock some stuff off my closet shelf and the scissors landed like this
My gum looks like a shrimp from the ocean
These emergency stickers on AMTRAK trains glow in the dark
These emergency stickers on AMTRAK trains glow in the dark
This water in front of my house
This water in front of my house
This water in front of my house
The way the vegetables are sorted in these cup noodles
Found this heart shaped pebble stone
I just realized that my cat is a Micky mouse fan...
This relaxing Kangaroo... Yes, I’m Australian.
My grandpa’s old passport has a notice about traveling to communist countries during the Cold War.
Someone’s key got cemented into the floor where I work
The way the snow melted into a flower on the skylight at work today.
My stapler at work jammed
This lobster's color split down the middle
This road sign explains that the lane is closed for no apparent reason
I would never have thought this was possible. Such a tease
This toilet has two flush settings to save on water.
This McD has all but 2 blondes
This police officer in Bangkok is a very good boy.
A new beer came in my work. IPA and Coffee?!
School chicken sammich kinda lookin like an upvote...
This mushroom shaped cell.
This chandelier made out of bottles of beers
2 colors of gummie bears formed one gummie bear
Just a mama feeding her babies
Airflow around my car after 8 hours driving in the rain
Pocket thermometer.
Found my cat's belly button this weekend
In Italy, even the light poles can’t help but feel the romance in the air.
A Canadian 3 dollar coin
This California speed limit sign has km/h in addition to the mph
Peanut farmer?
This rapping paper tells you how to protect your head and neck
The unexpected outcome of the botched Jesus restoration was tourism increase in Borja, Spain, from 6,000 to 57,000-200,000. On the year it happened, local charity alone made over $50,000.
Old and new addresses
Quarter I found at the beach (worn down from the waves)
This uncut long boy I got with my taco.
Dirt on this pot looks like a galaxy pattern
The art on this cool Pokemon card
the way the dust piles up from the holes on the airplane window
Here's a dog with two perineals
This T-Rex shaped cactus
I am not touching the fabric. My shadow traveling across the surface creates the illusion that the fabric is undulating.
Candle had two wicks burned high
Cardboard game with ball return my daughter and I built. Bonus puppers.
Over a dozen fishing poles for this one small boat. I missed a photo of the guy in the back with the rest of the poles. In their short trip by us a carp (?) got away and they landed and released a catfish.
The Giraffe enclosure at my local zoo has giraffe shaped rafters on its pavilion.
Lid makes it seem like the popcorn is spinning.
This water station installed in my village
This church has a fallout shelter (I assume)
Never happened to me
Found a heart shaped potato that shows my love of potatoes.
This bus rout looks like texas
The saltine cracker at the bottom of the pack has a curve
Mildly suggestive sculpture at a resort in Punta Cana, DR. (It was an all-ages resort)
Being tall can suck
Thanks reddit
Thanks reddit
beef jerky came with floss/toothpick in the bag
Thanks Reddit
beef jerky came with floss/toothpick in the bag
A HUGE sticker ball of temporary ID’s in a lobby of a corporate building.
This instant soup could be done with -100 °C water
Mountains of salt on the Island Bonaire in Caribbean.
This watermelon is defying physics (yes, it fell a bit later, no, it wasn't glued!)
This planters truck I saw parked in a lot
A box truck with the box stripped.
This honest road sign.
This tank I drove by
The way these cars in my office's lot are parked. So color coded!
My car completely iced over
Found an Indian head nickel at work this morning.
left a shampoo bottle out in the cold and this is the result
Roach gave birth on glue trap
Cinn-A-Gram delivery packet...
This Oddly specific Speed limit
The cover fell off the thermostat in my apartment. I think that’s a mercury switch?
There is no protection like shopping cart reinforced thick steel for your soda or beer.
There is no protection like shopping cart reinforced thick steel for your soda or beer.
This sign in Cava Mezze restroom
The snow this morning looked a little bizarre. I guess God is about to be audited and he's been busy shredding documents all morning...
Flowers growing from a crack in my home’s foundation
Transparent Oneplus 7 pro
Following the safety rules: Walk facing traffic when there are no sidewalks!
The snow looks like a ribbon on the stoplight.
This knot in a tree that somewhat looks like Yoda.
This spot on the wood where no sun shone for 3 months
An apple with a dark stripe in it
I was doing a photoshoot with my dog. She decided to bite on the camera. It tuned out pretty cool
This straw I got at a drive-through that had a crimped end
Did a Google search for Amethyst Crystals
This water droplet that looks like a sword
Just two horses at the Ride-Thru the Burger King
The way this wood formed on my town's old bus. (Yes it's sturdy.)
Car dealership in Mexico shipping yard
Aerial View of Camel Market in Saudi Arabia
Spraying Windex on a Manila folder will show up pink
Intricately woven stems
My Back to the Future themed bitfit watch face
I sprayed some Windex on a Manila folder and it turned pink.
Corona Capitalizing on Corona
This is Wuhan where the Corona virus originated
Someone placed little rubber ducks in top of the elevator lights
Over 100 broken arrowheads/artifacts found in my backyard
Cut a Jack in my cutting board so it can dry in the sink. And weld-marked a circle where garlic I allowed. Two easy hacks. Recommend.
It's strange to think that the most famous vegetarian of all time is probably Adolf Hitler
This child sized chess set
Someone created a mini memorial for "Bob the Pigeon" who lost his life to a tire in our parking structure last week.
Roomba didn’t run out of charge, didn’t need emptying, just stopped here next to son’s new RC car
This spam number that called my home phone
A seagull poop that looks like a seagull.
13 Cinn-A-Gram deliveries on Route 69, who could agrhsk fhurg ghrmogre
This lowercase stop sign
A cancer patient of mine had her husband 3D print her thyroid with the cancerous growth on it so they can show doctor's how bad it is.
A path has been worn on this floor where people round the corner.
The way her teeth are growing in
The way the sun hits this bike stand at certain times of day
A lizard moved into this toy castle.
After a loooong search for finally found my dresmed hag stone, that happens to resemble a Ouija planchette!
Someone erased everything off our white board.
The pair of socks I got for contributing to GoogleMaps
Rainbow Ring on Clouds
Dishwasher at my friend's place displays the remaining time on the floor
A Bubble Portal
This pattern of frost on my car windows
Two fruit roll-ups in one!!
The straw I got from McDonald’s is sealed shut on one end
A can froze in my refrigerator, and now it’s impossible to get out.
The mystery machine
Dude wearing 17th century garb from the waist down.
These ads inside a second-hand encyclopaedia from 1912
This broom and dust pan built for giants.
This broom and dust pan built for giants.
Waterproofed some shoes outside and waterproofed the step as well.
Really old Coca-Cola machine that still works
Found under the crayon tin at a restaurant
I have no idea where this picture came from but it was in my phone and I think its describing the mood of 2020
My cats eyes
We have geese that walk around outside my college. The school had to put these signs up.
A 2 gallon ziplock bag
This car has Eyelashes
The Vesuvius smoking
This penguin on the side of an industrial glue container.
A shadow keeping the frost from melting on this grass.
The Vesuvius smoking
The way this mug fits in the sink drain
This table with a scratch in the glass
My bus driver enjoying a cup of coffee
Snake in a honey bottle
a couple friends kept reposting their stories smaller and smaller till it looked like this
Saw this on a VW bus converted to look like a school bus
Funny license plate seen in Hoover AL
In front of toilet at local Jimmy John's
The flash is partially obscured by the bar from the cat carrier door, creating half lit cat pupils.
Full fledged 2x rainbow
No messages on these Valentine’s Day message hearts
a paper spot mini
This bus stop has a bench that you can lean on
My banana was quite straight
Natural Black and White Sea at Tofino, BC
My mom's 25-year-old apple
These shoes I saw on the train.
I left my coffee in the freezer two days ago and it did this.
This Rolls Royce Derwent jet burner can looks like IG-88 from Star Wars
This fork with differently sized spaces between the tines
This ring only cost me 25¢
This reusable coffee timer utilizing two cups.
Borrowed the TIC (thermal imaging camera) from the local fire department to see how the insulation was on the new house. Happily surprised it’s not horrible! The machine itself had no storage, though.
Yeaaaaaaaaaah
I also saw pencil shaped bollards outside a school
There's a dead wasp in the sign on my train, in February.
This interesting instrument called a cimbasso
This ambulance with utility trailer.
Saw this in Seattle. I would've expected 90'S GRNG
Saw this in Seattle. I would've expected 90'S GRNG
This paperback from 1978 with cigarette ads in it.
Saw this in Seattle. I would've expected 90'S GRNG
These handicapable parking spots at my work.
Palm like cloud at Tofino beach
The way winter static electricity causes my pea protein powder to stand up
Found a Lego shop that sells Hong Kong protestor figurines. Comes with gas mask, umbrella and yellow hard hat.
My hotel alarm clock has two faces. One facing the bed and one facing the room.
Telluride, CO has a community Free Box, where you can leave items and others can take what they need.
These bottles with tiny hats
These restroom stalls had little flags to show if they were occupied or not.
Tree growing through a tire
An orange with a smaller orange inside.
The paint peeling off my backyard wall looks like a standing dog!
Exactly $40 to fill the tank
My grandfather found this 200 year old brass hammerhead, I polished it and made it a handle.
Comcast still uses these TVs to monitor equipment in their buildings
Opened a pack of gushers to find them all red
This dime has been worn down to the copper
The vibrant, glittering center of a heartbeat poppy
Lego Ideas Tom And Jerry
Saw this ad for iPhone 11 in Madrid last week. I've been a train operator on the F line in NYC for the past 13 or 14 years so there's a slight chance I'm in this photo.
This triple gummy bear I found
The Scream, recreated entirely from Legos.
Fridge magnets from Florence, Italy
The flavor on this yogurt I bought
This persons license plate is just the number 4
Coffee machine next to bus driver's seat in Florence, Italy
Tree burning from a lightning strike.
Finally got my permanent spinal cord stimulator. So much different from the trial I had done back in December. Nerve pain is almost gone!
Taken today in Wisconsin.
I snapped this photo of my friend holding a hot air balloon.
E. Coli bacteria under a microscope at 100x magnification
My piece of Chicken looks like the Pi symbol
Cloud Plains
My girlfriend painted this picture from our flat in London
This is an ad for iPhone 11 I saw in Madrid last week. I've been a train operator on the F line in NYC for the past 13 or 14 years so there is a slight chance in in this photo.
This can of Diet Coke is full right to the very top.
Skyrim soulgem in real life
I figured out how to eat McDonalds easier. While driving
This Completely Black puzzle has only one combination.
This pear has a better ass than me
New cycle begins today, out with the oldest pair and in with the newest
The lights in the conference room I'm sitting in produce coloured shadows
My three stents placed due to May Thurner Syndrome, a compression of the left illiac vein by the overlying right illiac artery.
Pizza Delivery Has A Joke
The way the ice formed on the fence at my old elementary school, had never seen anything like this before
My cactus blooms once a year
This "fake" building in Cambridge MA looks completely normal at first glance.
Girlfriend picked up this new bathmat for the apartment
The way the dirt on the snow makes it look like a cartoon.
Cat named kiwi, kiwi kiwi
This guy kayaking down the street during the spring tide.
(My little brother scratched the back of my Switch) apparently a GoPro charger works as a Switch charger too
You can dress up the cups at my hotel with different faces and sleeves
Unsupervised kid destroyed an puzzle in high school library
You can dress up the cups at my hotel with different faces and sleeves
My odometer got 123456 this morning.
The blemish on this radish looks like a monkey
This Siamese Grape.
So, my car officially has boobs for miles..
My ice cream looked photoshopped
Pens I got from my universities 'new student' day
This blemish on this radish looks like a monkey 🐒
This article has an estimate of how much time it will take you to read it.
It's broken but it works.
I made the back glass cover of my Pixel 3 transparent
Running getting invented
Removed peanut butter covering, accidental Pac-Man
This store has a secret room behind one of the shelves
My doodles look like an old marble notebook
There is a steaming cup of coffee in my steaming cup of coffee
I managed to take the lid off my yogurt and left the yogurt totally intact.
The shadow cast by this fireplace is a standing man
This map at my school put an actual red pin to show where you are
My Hot Pocket didn't have a sleeve thing to heat it up with
The frequency of English Words
The way this vine is gradually changing color.
My odometer this morning
The self checkout asked if I wanted a $7 protection plan for my $0.77 onion
This apple I had.. still can’t get over it ! ❤️
Here’s a never before seen 3rd angle of the duct taped gamer
This 4 leaf clover I found 24 years ago
Tardigrade (Waterbear) under microscope. This one is carrying eggs.
My pancake came out looking like the album artwork for A Moon Shaped Pool... A Moon Shaped Pancake, if you will..
Light bulbs show how much they cost per year
The way this water boils
Hahaha sorry, little one just one
before and after a formerly soot covered building (from r/oddlysatisfying)
Photo of the lunar occultation just before Mars disappears behind the moon
One piece from my Oreo chocolate bar didnt have anything printed on it
I found a heart shaped potato chips!
This fair-trade chocolate bar design to show which percentage of the chocolate goes to which cause.
This cheese stalagmite in my oven
Tyson Jost in: “The Number 3”
this door doesn't have a staircase leading up to it
The result of a face merge between my fiancé and I
This tote is made entirely of used grocery bags.
This coin a friend found earlier today
The burger i got today had two slices of cheese instead of one
10 years worth of staples - 30cm ruler for scale
Thorns off of a honey locust tree
In Breath of the Wild there is an Npc named Briggo that talks you out of jumping off the bridge that he guards. This a reference to Kevin Briggs an American Hero known for talking people out of jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge
2 years of wear on my work boots
The way this bird poop on my car made a perfect heart
I found this earring that asks to be returned to "Tiffany &amp; Co" in New York
Mini library inside my local mall. Allows you to borrow or take books you'd like to read and encourages you to donate books as well. Also has two comfy chairs on each side for you to sit and read.
Saw this van yesterday, his family is so large it continues into his second window
This ono rip off
This lonely redditor :(
So digital streaming sites can work on really old CRT TVs.
The Wisconsin State Journal incorrectly identifies Amy Poehler and Will Arnett as models
Oil leaking from the bottom of a washing machine = gross spin art
In Scandinavia it is very common for people to leave babies outside in strollers unattended while they eat at restaurants, work out etc. Also yes there are babies in these strollers
This Chimney at a factory looks like a cigarette.
Scarecrow with handbag and shopping bag
A bar of soap that developed layers when left untouched in my shower for about a year.
This 85mb hard drive i found.
This TV cord that you can see through the screen..
One of my hotdogs split in a pattern that looks like some ancient script
The way this kit kay broke
The way my glass perfectly eclipsed the coaster.
Distance Voyager 1 has travelled from the eclipitic plane since February 1990 (3 billion mi) pale blue dot photo to February 2020 (13 billion mi)
This source of the river Sava Dolinka has little underwater volcanos (barely visible:)
This duck is slightly larger than the other ducks
This fire extinguisher is disguised as a scuba diver's tank.
The way this glass fogged up at the bus loop.
I think it would be pretty good
This Dunkin’ Donuts has a different name
How this history textbook censors nudity
Propped up tree
These bricks were put in different locations once the pole was installed
Today is my Dads birthday, unbeknownst to me, he set a reminder in my calendar that comes up every year for me to call him. He died six years ago now. I miss you!
Look at this handmade hanger I found in my new flat
With every pack of honey, 20 cents gets donated to the Australian beekeepers who were impacted by the Australian bushfires
I added some seasoned salt to a fried egg and when it dissolved it left blue spots on the egg white.
This will stay here forever
This bike frame is made out of bamboo
An Australian propaganda poster from 1942
My Penlight's reaction to it's pimple.
This urinal runs android
Dead hen with eggs inside
Dead chicken with eggs inside
I found this rustic pepper mill in my childhood home back in Lebanon
This loose strap has made a perfectly clean circle on this truck.
Buses in Auckland NZ have USB ports to charge devices
A reflection of an LED in the camera’s lens.
Found a 1 Pfennig coin from 1950. It should bring me luck but i'm not sure if it's still working ;)
British and their problems
Cut my triple burger down the middle.
Fresh egg only a few hours old wouldn’t break
Paused my tv for a bit and came back and found Spectrum attempting to create a new useless Braille or Morse Code.
Someone plugged a night light in at a 24 hour Walmart
Found this London paper from 1970 in our attic eaves where it states what time you had to legally turn your headlights on by (“Lighting-up time.”)
Colorful painted rock someone put in the river at my local park.
this island got blown away by the wind
This tree in London that has been taken over by mushrooms.
This high end and low end peanut butters come in the same jar.
Snow or a hole in the clouds above an ocean?
My cat looks like like she's been turned into a ceramic statue in this (unedited) photo
The stairs tell you how many calories you’ve burnt by going up them.
What he done this time?
My wife and I cannot agree on the colours of the top two Clinkers
The hotel I'm staying at has old bells for their fire alarm, except its rigged with an automatic system
A variation on Drunk Octopus Wants To Fight
Unusual clouds in Australia...
Was told to post this picture of copper crystals I made here
A public library in Turkey, with a verse from Quran at top.
A public library in Ankara-Turkey, with a verse from Quran at top (Surah Al-Alak, 4-5; "He is the one who taught man by the pen, that which he knew not")
What is the probability of getting double yolk egg in a row. 2 eggs with double yolk. Unbelievable!
Thailand bands have the coolest names!
Saw a smiling emoji on a hillside while driving yesterday
These bananas are fused
Photo frames still hanging on the walls of an old house washed away during the floods
"But what's the difference?" You might ask...
On Valentine's day, the fridge cares.
The wall of Seinfeld and my favourite bit :)
This is a really good concept and well executed!
A library in Ankara, Turkey
Clouds on Jupiter look crazy
Storm on Jupiter
My tou-can opener
My cats creepy eyes while hiding in the bathtub in the middle of the night
Picture of a Volcano erupting from space
Meteor shower from Colorado
Picture of NYC at night from the ISS
The Earth from Mars
How bright outside it is at 12:30 AM right now where I live.
2 million gallons of activated sludge in the aerobic zone of an aeration basin at a water reclamation facility.
Breathalyzer machine at a local bar.
This clock at my local Wendy's drive thru is backwards
The crimped bark on this tree
The difference between organic eggs vs a non organic egg. Someone had swapped in the carton at the store.
The hole in my retainer looks a lot like Africa
One buddy works in a sombrero
The way the jam froze in the jar
Branches Reflected In This Windshield Look Like Giant Sunglasses
This sunflower doesn't want to face East
Unintentionally planted some orange seeds that were left a week ago
I peeled an orange completely
Plant wall at a coffee shop
This one prep kit that’s bigger than others of its kind
This original piece of the hardwood floor from the Great Western Forum at a gas station in the California desert
Bought 3 pairs of shoes today. Each brand fit differently and I ended up with 3 different sizes.
the way this strawberry ripened
only half of the bun has sesame seeds on it
The way this orange looked when I sliced it open
This rosin looks like cracked candy
The way the trees line up
My avocado had quite a small seed
The entire interior of my subway car (minus the floor and some parts of the ceiling) is covered in an ad for an Amazon prime show.
This machine I use at work has a tortoise and a hare to indicate speeds
Particularly large lemon from my parents' tree
I sorted out a nerds box and put the different flavors into plastic baggies (Got this idea from a fellow Redditor)
My husband stabbed a french fry with anoth fry
This picture makes my dog look like he can walk on his front two legs
Smart Clock in Washington
Generations have been redefined
This was my lunch at the restaurant in India.
My chopsticks have been eaten by termites while still in the package
This trash bins shadow was mad
Such a good man
The jaguar in this orchid
This was satisfying
This sign for tourist attractions in Ohio
This chipped and mended penny I found while sorting through change
Take out chopstick pack had 3 chopsticks inside case
Skyrim soulgem IRL
Quarter that got stuck in the dryer.
My husband built this out of Legos. Now we can use our light switch easily as before the dresser was covering it.
My husband built this out of Legos so that we could turn off our light switch. There’s a dresser covering it now.
Hello people of reddit, I have been on a mission to find as many wood cubes that I can. I have been able to find three from random places at random times. I am willing to offer 1 dollar to anyone who can help to get or give me a wooden cube.
Cool wall lamp design
This kick-ass wheelchair hot wheels spotted by my brother at work.
This upside down license plate I saw on my way home from work
The way this mug perfectly matches my matcha tea
Drew the perfect Pi while studying today
My oreo was put together backwards. Eaten a lot of them this was the first goof.
Penny from 2006
These two Google Images results from two different websites almost seamlessly stitched together the full image.
Poop-themed cake made by a coworker, for a coworker
This lions face appeared in this timber I coated
The perfect circle this hair formed
These are apple pears I bought from Costco. They are bizarre.
Perfectly executed cake; my coworker hates all things pop-related. This is how we congratulated him on his promotion
Edgar Allan's Poe poem collection with textured pages.
A man and his ghost sharing a meal
Atom-bomb shaped rash on my arm from fitbit
Update: the way this snow IS STILL CURLING OFF MY ROOF
This strawberry is tall. How does this happen?
Cliff jumping death toll sign I saw while hiking today.
Someone at the cookie plant ate 2/3rds of my cookie, gave me back a 1/3rd, and sealed it up.
Photo of a meerkat I took at the zoo looks like a cubist painting
Penny from 1888 that I found in my car’s change holder.
Every time I try to get a shower my cat gets her toys and brings them in and won’t let me get in there was more but I took them out
This shampoo my grandma bought has a recipe on it. She made it, apparently it’s good.
Perfect looking burger from Carl’s JR looks like it’s from the ad.
This mutant strawberry I found
Mutant cherry..
The ice formation on my car door after driving through Wyoming
Man gives CPR to gecko found drowning in beer
Enjoy the morning..dont wake me up
I got free retaining wall bricks and made a fire pit/big BBQ
This apple seed sprouting inside my apple.
My car completely iced over
Firing Vape Without Glass SlowMotion
My 10 year old is about to lose A LOT of baby teeth.
Harry Potter Scribble Style Artwork that I made a long ago
This diy bass fix
This guy now has his own documentary. DuctTapedGamer dot com
Texas Goodwill Shirt Selection
Texas Goodwill Shirt Selection
This chip that looks like a monster face.
Today i was just scribbling my name and accidentally wrote the prettiest B ever
Measured 2 Bic mechanical pencil leads in class. 1st one is .7mm and the 2nd one is .9mm
This pack of Gummy bears I was eating came with a little purple smiley face
This tiny crane we found at TGI Fridays. I love him.
I got one of each type of scam call in a row
The outhouse that’s in my paps man cave is actually a full bathroom
My grandpas man cave has an outhouse on the wall with a surprise inside
Heart shaped radish
Caught the odometer at the right time
Chemistry is a language on quizlet
world map for fishes
This business’s hanger is so old the phone number is listed with 5 digits
These palm trees in front of an in n out i ate at.
An old document i own from 1883.
My watermelon ring looks like Mandy’s head.
You can set a partially drank soda can on it’s rim
A pencil with the wood removed.
Never let your kids win so when they actually win they know they’ve accomplished something
Giant Spillway at Hoover Dam
Don't poke a Lithium ion battery
Freddy Fazbear as a shoe print on the bus
The brickwork on this old house
Orangutan keeping warm at the National Zoo this morning.
Dolls with politics
The interior of a bathtub filled with dust after several years of disuse.
This guy now has his own website and documentary. DuctTapedGamer dot com
How this stray thread in my pillowcase looks like a heart balloon.
Just discovered I have a family crest.
Cool lamp made of broken glass
I carved a banana today
This sanitizer door handle in a restaurant bathroom
This penny(USD) made in 1881
This urinal at a local restaurant
There are many types of 3D printers... And people.
My book uses Stonks as an example
My daughter decided to start keeping her toothbrush and a tube of toothpaste in the shower....
I found a spider made out of an American ww2 helmet at a local surplus store.
This mentoring and life coaching services sign I saw in Colorado.
24 hour fitness hours
A sunstained playing card that I found in my blinds
This mark rats left on a piece of foam insert we were drying in the backyard.
You can do this in the first game by the way
The Ballard Locks in Seattle are empty for maintenance; before this I couldn't fathom how deep they actually are. Portapotty for scale.
I’m still giggling over this lemon growing on my sister’s property.
Long ass grapes
What happens when there is a hole in the sump pump hose when it goes from above freezing to 5 degrees Fahrenheit overnight
A blueish egg
Fashion accessory designer here, made this handmade bow tie for men.
Almost exclusively using my left thumb to hit the space bar has worn a shiny spot into the plastic
This cafe has paintings of restroom doors, but no actual restroom
Local market has a sign for “green” cars only.
In denmark some people go to germany to buy candy and soda, because it's alot cheaper. Even people from the northen parts of denmark do this.
These Chopsticks
Quite the article in my local newspaper today. He made her watch all 9 hours and threatened to dismember her if she tried to leave.
Found an albino bug today not sure what it's called but I've seen them in black before
The circular rainbow effect through my plane window.
Air Force 1 carries special Presidential chocolates
Blue milk came with a green lid
This Honeycrisp apple
Found an albino bug today not sure what it's called but I've seen them in black before
Found an albino bug today not sure what it's called but I've seen them in black before
Found an albino bug today not sure what it's called but I've seen them in black before
Solid Soap Icicles
My grandpa has a farm bureau insurance hat
The way this fence’s hole was repaired.
The difference in road quality on the Arkansas and Missouri border
That moment where the turn of the century renders you a couple of millenia old
This concrete slab at the airport with date stamped in it
Thare was a heart in my tomato
This nearly perfect 3 stuck to my hose
moneygenie
Someone left a trail of gummy bears on the public bus I take to work.
Kingsford famous for manufacturing charcoal briquettes and lighter fluid now sells their own brand of baked beans.
My straw in soda
The front of this DHL delivery truck
The front of this DHL delivery truck
My chip looks like a heart.
My Home Depot has this sticker to alert people from being scammed buying gift cards
This car pen that my dad has at work
Close up of ice in my mixed drink
The front of this DHL delivery truck
The front of this DHL delivery truck
All the snow stuck except this one brick that melted the snow
My napkin holder looks like David Lynch
This office building looks like a wall with openings for windows.
Bubbles Forming in Stove-Top Pattern
it only makes sense in your rear-view
This tooth I found on my beach walk today. Washed up after a winter storm.
this perfect pencil shaving
This Rainbow
A pregnant bell pepper
Took this picture today of the frost in the grass hiding from the sun
I saw this tree in Yosemite National Park and was too scared to crawl inside...
Rare Pink Grasshopper found in Austin
I found a little heart in this clove of garlic while cooking dinner.
Normal bread to burnt toast
My Reese's was double wrapped.
My poor watermelon
23 1/2 MPH Speed Limit exiting the landfill.
This tube of shave hell has my lucky numbers on it
This massive moth on my front door!
These salt and pepper shakers
My beer glass had an etching for the carbonation to collect on
This apartment building looks like a Piet Mondrian painting
Another odd mutation in the flowers in front of my house
Amazingly broken claw machine
This hotel identifies the pillows firmness on the pillowcase.....
A Very Tiny Pinecone
The shape of this russet potato
These light rings my candle is making
These moving walkways have designated areas for standers or walkers.
The spoon changes color as it becomes cold
Got 999 at Buc-cees
The wet floor sign at Ripley’s Aquarium
A square tree in Spain
This help wanted sign from near my hometown
On my way home from a ski trip, I saw these UFO clouds.
The design on seats on the the london underground represent london landmarks.
10K milestone success
Newest sand castle of mine
There’s a kidney bean in my can of chickpeas
I got a mint packet with no mints (one besides it shows how its supposed to look like duh hahah)
Right half of my yard was in shade
A vinyl of sound effects
The break room at my workplace has a water refill station that counts how many water bottles you stopped using from polluting the Earth. It makes me want to get the high-score!
Got this gummy bear in a pack of gummy starburst
"See ya when i see ya!" message written on truck
Someone is dedicated enough to make these rocks balance
This perfectly preserved dried rose.
Grass on my sock looks like a giraffe
my orange had a tiny orange within it
Insurgency Sandstorm includes a tip for relieving stress
This wheelchair accessible peephole
My gushers pack had all reds. I know this could be easy to fake but please take my word for it.
Dried candle wax bubbles!
Candle wax dried bubbles!
The chain of Starburst wrappers I've been building for three years
My sister hasn't taken it off since she received it in 2018
What are the chances
My teacher patented a decimalised clock to help young students learn about speed distance time more intuitively
There is a cactus growing on top of out car port
Lost control of my tennis ball and found it here
Plastic cushions protecting order of cardboard shipping boxes
Straight banana
Over 20 years of sunlight focused by this knob have burned a circle into its drawer.
Today I found my great great great grandparents social security cards while going through old paperwork. These cards were issued after they got married (around 1935-36) so they were able to get their social security numbers to be right next to each other.
How the coffee dripped on my mug
Stairs are out of order
Made a B string into a E string since super slinky have low gauge
World's Largest Signature
An advertisement imprinted on the sidewalk
I found a Yugo today in traffic.
Penny i took out of a Garbage Disposal
The number of times I have lifted up and set down this beer on the counter is recorded on the bartop.
The number of times I have lifted up and set down this beer on the counter is recorded on the bartop.
This IKEA glass was made in Russia
The way this tree fell.
Stumbled into this abandoned bus in the middle of the desert
My friends doctor appointment
The way this wooden board broke.
Jennifer Gardner giving our samples of her own yogurt at Costco
The way this soda froze overnight in the car
The way this soda froze overnight in the car
This turkey that climbs my tree while his brothers wait at the bottom. (Sorry for bad img quality, it was taken through my window)
Someone came to the library riding an unicycle.
Being rescued from a malfunctioning Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disney World.
The way this palm tree is growing, spotted while walking my dogs this morning
My local store has a wall from the Viking times in it
My Navigation shows the exact detail of my company’s building... even showing the bridge and iconic water tower.
There's a palm in the middle of this bookstore
The way this tree grew
Deserted station looks like a spaceship's corridor
Egg/Soup bubble....
German SEK officer in chain mail wielding a wooden lance.
The skittles dunked with water.
These pictures are blurry because the pixels in the images are the same number as these species living in the wild
Mark Zuckerberg’s FB feed hides the negative reactions to his posts, showing only “likes” and “loves” at first glance.
Skittles mixed with water.
I managed to make "can" and "bin", in words with friends which can mean the same thing...
In 3000 there should be feb 29th right?
This upside down tree in our schoolyard.
This Chipotle is in an old bank.
This clock marks the days of the week instead of hours and minutes
In 3000 there should be feb 29th right?
They turned this cut down tree into a table
Inside of a 9 volt battery
This root connects 2 trees across a creek
This 26 year old coin I found in my pocket.
This sticker on the back of a car...
The urinals at this brewery are made out of beer kegs.
This piece of paper on the bathroon floor resembles a person running.
Anal plastics
This image from natureislit that is not photoshopped
The Bowling Alley I’m At Gives Tips On How To Get A Spare.
This kernel of popcorn popped in a way I've never seen before!
Unbranded plane in airport
The Bowling Alley I’m At Gives Tips On How To Get A Spare
Amputeerex!!!!!
My local pub has contactless pool!
The way USB is printed around the pins on this motherboard
My muffin was sad :(
A McDonald’s French fry shaped like a cigar
My local Costco’s food counter is getting renovated so they have a table set up to sell just hotdogs and canned soda
The way the wind has blown the sand away from stones
My gummy worm had a streak of red in it's yellow side
Frozen beach on Lake Michigan
My ice cream sorta looks like mainland US
My ice cream sorta looks like like mainland US
Young Bill and Hillary Clinton
Some old camera and video equipment
My beer has a yin-yang look to its carbonation
This sign for construction at the Denver airport
Different ways of peeing are plastered on this bathroom wall
This beautiful dystopian sunset
Pour-over coffee made these lines
A round six sided dice
The Matrix 4 will feature a coffee shop called 'Simulatte'
Bird and squirrel meeting
This huge mushroom my dad and I grew
My dad 3D printed a lever to replace his light switch.
The amount of excess wire on this power line
A brown pepper in southern Canada
This book I found in front of a Best Buy in Orlando, Florida
Washed up buoy after storm
I work at a hotel. Whenever a roll of toilet paper is deemed too small to leave for the next guest, they leave it for us in the employee restrooms
The seed in my snack peach had matured enough to crack itself, revealing this little buddy inside. It also opened like a locket, but saddly it broke while taking the picture.
McUFO - Alconbury
This burger joint in Miami brands their burgers
The soap hatch on my parent's dishwasher looks like Admiral Ackbar
Uh.. I dont think I’d want to,if i’m being real with ya bud.
The soap hatch on my parent's dishwasher looks like Admiral Ackbar
What he done this time?
So today I decided to fix my toilet...
I just tossed my key on my shelf and it landed like this
I'm replacing a drain line to my brothers dishwasher, but the water line was so short that I couldn't feed it back through the cabinet without the dishwasher being pushed too far back in. I didn't bring and sting with me. This was my solution.
What different colors of blood mean.
Air blowing on this single branch for years, made it lose all it's bark
There was a baby pepper in my pepper
random thoughts to self: “I wonder when I was conceived?” the internet: October 8-16, 1989...oh yeah and ya mom can’t remember how many times she watched that movie when it first came out...how ironic is it that I LOVE this love?!
My dogs black pads changed colour from being in a cast for 8 weeks
Someone put a banana on these lights
The top of this blueberry looks like a flower.
This company used their Bitmoji for their company logo
I found a gravestone on my property.
My socks match my girlfriends blanket
Ok so my school has a jar jar binks model imprinted on the chemistry lab tables. Apparently it's on every single one of them.
The size of this Strawberry
Hogwarts also sorts 5k races in the off season!
I got to meet a Zorse at a farm near my house
This toilet paper in Vietnam has no hollow core
Fire creates a perfect oval
The steam vent on this lid is the perfect size for my temperature probe.
Evidently, sea salt goes bad? Can someone tell the sea? Or the salt? Or me?
I found this $10 bill yesterday. If you google the serial number as a date (17 January 1792), the first two results are letters in the National Archives written to President Alexander Hamilton, who is featured on the bill.
The shadow from the side of this lamp looks like a scenery from a lakeside.
This guy walking a llama in downtown Tampa.
Managed to cut a neat little circle in my glass
A birdfeeder I forged and fabricated entirely from scrap materials.
Bug bites on my ankle looks like a face
These stairs at my local public pool.
When this plane meets it’s shadow
This perfect pile of Eggplant Emojis
Woke up with a bizarre chemical burn. Found the culprit in my sheets.
I guess one of my friends dropped what they were smoking in our yard...
Had a patient bring me a fresh Emu Egg at work today and he said "sorry it's a small one."
This is a the actual article written by Sanders, in 1972
There is a bible quote on a bag of cheese balls
This stop sign in South Africa
This 30 year old can of coke I found in a loft of a care home
This stop sign in South Africa
This hook that came off my backpack looks like an iron.
This Chinese desiccant packet stole the Google logo.
This egg yolk I separated from the white
This mounted deer head made of machinery
This piece of spaghetti
This random TP spill at a gas station
I’ve somehow been able to stack 9 cola cans on top of eachother and I’m planning on making it higher
My friend has a pet crow
My friend made a unicorn origami
Caught our cat mauling this poor little bird and we thought it was dead. After stroking it it came back to life and it flew away.
Metal part of slap bracelet has own design
George Washington died in 1799 and the first ever dinosaur was discovered in 1819 so he never knew that they existed
The customer isn’t always right here
My friend has a pet crow
This breakdancing branch I found in my garden
A handicapped parking space painted by someone that has never seen a handicapped person or sign.
My mug I thought was full of water
This game my mom got on her phone in 2013
Only us poor people showed up.
These coat hooks look like cute little octupi
These signs for handicapped spot are quite unusual.
The UI of Tomodachi Collection (for Nintendo DS) fits snuggly on my phone's notch.
I made a square pancake
There's no smoking in this area for smoking.
Everyone booked economy seating, they wouldn’t let me grab a seat even though it was empty.
My mom found a baby picture of me under cute fat babies on google images
Our neighborhood sign has become someone’s canvas.
This sign proclaiming nothing
Uneven sun at work makes for a halfhearted attempt at blooming
Hmm is it Lego?
an equality wheel
wasn't sure where to put this
The farthest back BC my Apple calendar goes.
My bell pepper growing a pepper inside it
An entirely soaked oil control film
This is the same FAO Schwartz Stuffed Horse. The one on the right, Candy, has been with me for 17 years (got her as a gift when I was four). She's been to camp with me for a decade of summers, on every vacation, and last year around the world. The one on the left is NOS that I found on Ebay.
I bought this Big Mac in 2014. It has been sitting on top of a shelf for 6 years and the buns and the burger have not decomposed
16th century ring that unfolds into an astronomical sphere.
This quadruple-Cheezit.
This misshaped spoon i found at a restaurant
An old UFO shaped McDonalds from Cambridge, UK
My cat with two eye colours only gets flash red-eye in one eye.
I’ve used the same stick of lip balm a few months out of the year since 2013.
Someone put this water bottle on the bottom rack of the dishwasher and it shrunk.
When you leave a banana in your backpack for too long
I burned off my freckles
Old hard drive I found digging through storage. From 1999 with 1994 MS DOS.
Contrasting trees here in Adelaide
This wheelchair accessible peephole
Four identical Minis all lined up together
Huge tree on east lawn of Mount Vernon. (Toddler standing at base for size)
Giant clump of pure seasoning in my sour cream and onion chip bag.
Inside an elephant foot
Huge tree on east lawn of Mount Vernon. (Toddler standing at base for size)
Hotel has a button instead of a do not disturb sign for the door. A light outside reflects the status for housekeeping.
This pretzel I found in a bag of munchies
This wheelchair accessible peephole
Neighbor squirrel got a whole dang donut
The way my curtain projects an image of outside
a piece of a collard green shaped like Florida fell off my sandwich
I made my own ping pong paddle
This Accidental Sad Ghost Cookie I Bought (meant to have swirly tip)
Parents of a friend are remodeling their pantry and found instant oatmeal with a best before date from 1996
How can it be -0°?
The way this puddle froze
My local City Council person's name is Thanos.
This cable I ordered will accept a return if I am unhappy with my daily life
Had this dbrand limited edition skin on Pixel 4 XL since Christmas and only just noticed this sneaky bit of text.
My family likes to plan meals for the week. Friday is going to be a banger.
This tape dispenser looks like a mini record player
The sign they had on Batman at the candy store made me laugh, had to show you
Palais des Congrès (Congress Palace in French) in Liège, Belgium has lost some letters due to the storm. It now reads Palais des Con (Dummies/Assholes Palace)
Perfectly round egg
The Do Not Service list at my work
Modern Caffeine Delivery System
Weird and slightly morbid Victorian trade card advertising sewing machines, circa 1880s.
This old tin of Fisherman’s Friends my mom was keeping buttons in.
A lion has taken a bite of the zebra crossing in Budapest
A bridge built for a river to cross a river
My Corvette book stuck out from the bookcase and was exposed to the sun. Didn't notice it had faded that part until recently. Glad it was just a cover sleeve!
This badge from the 1982 World’s Fair
My McDonald’s fry is shaped like a Nike logo
This vending machine sells Pringles in a packet
My dad is an app driver and his company gives him branded candy for the people he drives places
I have seen your pencils but I present to you the leaning tower of Philly
This heavy frost at my school that’s only in the shade
This bathroom has a sink with soap, water, and a hand dryer all in one
This is a 1000 year old arrow shaft straightener found while hiking around the finger lakes
The spilt soup on my counter looks like a goldfish.
chicken house
The way the edge of this glass table isolates your fingerprints
My local McDonald’s put a vase of flowers on my table for sitting in
Sunlight shining on the wall through a small hole in the blind made this cool shape.
The way the edge of this glass table isolates your fingerprints 🤔
This Sycamore leaf trapped in a wedge of ice
Got it in a sealed bag
This California Poppy I found with the outside part still on
Cut open my Papaya and it had no seeds inside.
The white stuff in my brother’s nail looks like spot on Neptune
My girlfriend broke a plate exactly in half
My sister found my notes from 10 years ago.
Exploded newspaper display stand, exposing massive spring inside.
One of the hairs on my boyfriend's grew in this springy curl.
One of the foldable bits on these Jaffa cakes was outside the packaging
My neighborhood grocery store uses a robot to check and re-order stock.
The outlets in this house follow the pattern of the tile wall
Gravitational pull was high recently and allowed brooms to stand on their own.
Opened a brand new pack of pendaflex files and found this signature from a (possible) employee
I scraped my knuckle this weekend and it looks like Texas.
Reddit sent me a notification telling me my own post went trending
This car has a mini usb type b port
I was looking through my desk and I found an old tooth that split in half.
First time seeing this motion detecting smart trash can. Technology is so cool!
At first I thought 3M was joking about how their products would last for more than 500 years. Turns out, products made in Thailand would have dates printed in Thai Lunar Calendar (a version of the Buddhist calendar) instead of Gregorian.
Great quote found in a urinal :)
The way the water in this balloon froze.
The way the water in this balloon froze.
Last summer I found this metallic looking bug at work. I've never seen anything like this before.
The last time I opened this bottle was near Dillon, Colorado (~11600 feet) and now I'm in Chicago (600 feet).
At the restaurant in my university, you get this caller to let you know when your order is ready
This pear that looks like a bird
Urinal holes shaped like a dick
I can only use this vehicles radio until 2254 before needing a new one.
I made a paper mache Olaf pinata..
Two separate instances of the planets aligning while I've been pooping
My mother’s door handle is somehow reflecting Pusheen’s silhouette
The condensation inside my tea lid
My bunny looks like he’s missing his neck
They use a scoop thrower as a prop in the Phantom Menace
They use a scoop thrower as a prop in the Phantom Menace
They use a scoop thrower as a prop in the Phantom Menace
They use a scoop thrower as a prop in the Phantom Menace
dropped my water bottle and this happened
Volume control for pipe organ: swell box shutters
A tiny Italian English Dictionary. Lip Balm for scale.
This chocolate milk expires on my birthday.
All of the cabinets in the office like to flip us the bird
A ferry disguised as a bus in Portugal
Visited a buddhist monastery in NY. Found this "chair" in the nearby woods, where one can sit and watch a very pretty river.
Simpson’s explain
This lid looks like the scp foundation logo
Good to know
Found this nice little trick to help you relax.
A heart-shaped clump in the litter-box
This business made a natural fence to block what used to be a driveway
My Bananas Have a “Banana with a Pearl Earring” on Them
The amount of birds on this tree
This water looks like pee
The way the frost formed on my hedge this morning.
This water looks like pee
This water looks like pee
There was a clementine inside my clementine.
A crane painted like a giraffe, Malta
A leaf imprinted on the old concrete floor in this warehouse and is immortalized forever.
Looks like this trick is suspicious of you.
This heater is smiles back at you
Just realized that my cat is a Micky mouse fan...
Before and after uses of a mattress
This ramen cup has a hidden message when you recycle it responsibly.
What is south of south?
This mansion we worked at has 91 phone line extensions for all the rooms and elevators in it. Has one for the Vault Elevator too.
This ice on my porch this morning looks like a rearing horse
Inside Tokyo bathroom has a floor plan showing where the stalls are.
The diminutive size of this single fresh cooked shrimp in my take-out.
This primate chart has a Wookiee for scale
Wind blown ice accumulation on a pier in Michigan
Close up of a hawk going to town on a fresh kill. Bunny has seen better days
this stopwatch has been going for 7200 hours on my phone
The rare albino UPS truck
These Ikea glasses are the first thing I recall seeing stamped made in Russia here in the USA
The way my son lined up his ninjas
Light shining through satsuma segment shows up all the veins
The earplugs at work are shaped like little pistons.
This calendar has faces of the moon printed alongside the corresponding dates
This double bloom.
The decor in this train station bathroom
Frozen coils
Philosophical sign
The way the paint flakes off of this parking symbol makes it look like it has an exposed brain.
My satsuma had a mini satsuma growing inside
When you google the creator of the frisbee and his being turned into one after he died you get a picture of Tupac
Can’t decide which way to spell colo(u)rs? Just use both. Found on my towel.
I feel like there is a glitch in the Matrix.
This milk has a bee printed with the sell by date
A giant cloud made this photo look like half day, half night.
When dialling a number, my phone automatically shows the destination and its local time so I don't inadvertently call them at an unsociable hour
Local store puts these white things on their pens so kids can grab them and draw on stuff in the store
My energy drink has made my (almost empty) water bottle condensate a bit on the inside, while the can itself has no condensation
These bollards outside a school shaped like pencils
This blood carrying Mosquito was preserved in a roll of tape.
In the tv show Fleabag, the main actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge's hair keeps changing between takes of the same scene.
The way my tea settled
My Great Grandfather's RAF Service &amp; Release Book from WWII passed down to me after my grandfather's death
Pedals in the ground so you can cycle and read at the same time
Lamb hearts in an Australian supermarket.
The snow melted from the middle
When you constantly use the same words, your autocomplete becomes sentient of your "interests".
The way the ceramic on this tap cracked shows that it's Hot
Land Rover defender hit by a missile in Iraq
Polluted water outlet sign in Shanghai
Oddly Satisfying Video that Will Make You Fall Asleep
The snow in this courtyard
pt 2 of river Severn floods
pt 2 of river Severn floods
Some fucking Steven King shit
This is actually a snowy hill, those are actually clouds.
A siamese banana
A weird mushroom I found
An airplane view of Orlando, just as it's going to land.
The barcode on this lactose free product looks like grass
Magnet stuck to the side of a shot-blast cabinet
My Coke zero bottle is made from 100% recycled plastic (excluding label and cap)
This mushroom is Australia shaped
I found this tiny hook while cleaning my fishing box!
a cloud that looks like a side profile :0)
A bubble popping
It would appear that elastic bands around pokemon cards only have a fixed life span, and it's less than 2 decades.
How the what has stoped flooding just before the sign.
This plant growing through a dead leaf
A bubble popping
How my coffee cup dried at the bottom
Found this Christmas stuff for 1c at Woolworths
I have driven my truck approximately halfway to the Moon.
My apple came with really small seeds
What a roller coaster train looks like when an amusement park is closed for the winter
Causes of deaths, London 1632
Colleague doesn't use certain alphabets
Must be a record high tide in Oslo today, I've never seen the water this high.
My cats "teefs"
Homer is neglecting Marge!
Target sells bananas by the each
Made fun meme game for instagram!) Hope you like it) tag me in stories
The way the moss grew on the bench.
I was looking for a bathroom while I was on break and came across this vending machine full of power strips, travel adapters, duct tape, etc
This picture I took of a duck looks like it is having orange diarrhea, but also shows how far a duck can stretch its legs.
My grandparents have a small piece of the Berlin Wall hanging in one of their rooms.
Thought this was snow on my window but this is actually a down feather I think?
Pool ceiling
My cat's fur moving in time with his heartbeat.
9 out of 12 eggs in this carton were double yolks. Nothing exciting, really, but having never seen one before, 9 was a curious surprise.
I nearly perfectly aligned my water bottle logo.
This combination hand washing and hand drying device at Brisbane Airport
Giants turned into stone?
Giants turned into stone?
Giants turn into stone?
This triple Oreo I found
Jumbo Garlic Cloves [OC]
This rock I found looks a bit like Australia (reposted with image flipped correctly)
Only $1, plus shipping
This rock I found looks a bit like Australia
Don't get any ideas fellas.
This replica of a viking ship, in Sweden, shows how high the water was back then.
My dog was born the same day my dad died
My comb kinda looks like a whale’s mouth.
Ratcliffe with Pocahontas's face looks like the Mayor of Halloween Town.
Wild crystallization on raspberry Jello
The way you can tell what buttons have never been used
This massive mazapan I found, they are usually 1/5 the size
Found a happy ghost in my tea
Songbird causally blowing rings!
I'm Sweden we have cheese slicers, to choose how big the slices should be
Apple Music thinks my favorite band is from the future
Apple Music thinks my favorite band is from the future
House gas meter maxed out - bill showing no consumption thus no charge. I wonder how long until someone figures this out...
The inside of my travel adapter/multiplug
My college grows its own food at a farm for sustainability and healthy organic options
This table held up by a bunch of magazines
my hair color matches the ocean
The texture of this snow on a frozen lake
An M&amp;M in my trail mix looks like a heart.
This sign at an aster clinic
This is on a roof in my school
Mentos car freshener i found
Opened up my broken remote and thought a mad Puppy was sticking his tongue out at me.
This clown fish I saw with a skull on its side.
This fold in my shower curtain looks like a pair of lips
It will be a challenge to finish this minesweeper game.
I got a bonus fish
This airport has energy steps
The difference between my new car key and the old one
My new iPhone charger looks like a set of stairs.
Neat pattern from white light refracting in OLED display.
Literally any time the spuds sprout
My BK Burger came with 1/4 of the bun w/ sesame seeds
Someone built stairs in the snow bank.
This airport has energy steps
I put a water bottle in the fridge after drinking a bit, I wanted some more hours later and...
Here’s a picture of the snap pea I pulled out of the bag from costco. With my dad for reference.
Here’s a picture of the snap pea I pulled out of the bag from costco. With my dad for reference.
I spilt ink on my coin and it looks like a tree
I spilt ink on my coin and it looks like a tree
Another "Harmacy" pic to add to the collection
This bottle of lemonade after it had been lying down for 2 days
The way i write Reece in cursive looks like i wrote Reeee
This beer was given the wrong cap in the factory
I'm graffiti Rick!! Bathroom art..
The result of my boredom doing geometry homework.
My banana is both green (pre-ripe), and brown (post-ripe)
I didn’t have a capo so I used a clothespin, a rubber band, and a little bit of creativity
Who knew that you can use emoji's in your wifi name?
Played with some tiny plants this weekend.
My college textbook on operating systems has dinosaurs on it
Fake Minecraft ads are now telling you to forget Fortnite and get Minecraft instead, something you don't see every day doesn't it?
The shadow from my head and car look like a one eyed monster
Pink, Purple and Blue Corn
This seed almost perfectly where the salmon’s eye should be.
This is a baby platypus
Wife just gave birth to twins. Cracked two eggs for breakfast and had twin eggs back to back!
This is what my local news posted on Instagram
Old vs New HEPA filter after one year of use in a central Los Angeles apartment
Realized today that my son's eyes have a tree ring pattern!
Somebody left this can of peanuts and note at the ski lodge that I’m staying in.
This die that uses factors of 64 instead of the normal 1-6.
Synchronized wagging
The restroom signs at my friend's newly opened restaurant have a mermaid and a pirate on them.
The Biggest Disco Ball I've Ever Seen
This tiny coke can I found while in Costa Rica
Not sure if this really fits on this sub but here’s This fat pigeon I found in Ireland
Was cleaning out cabinets and found crystalized chocolate frosting
I just have too many boxes. I'm starting to use them as tables.
A moving box we've yet to unpack...
Was cleaning out cabinets and found crystalized chocolate frosting
The Biggest Disco Ball I've Ever Seen
The way my hot pop tarts melted my styrofoam plat
Icicles decided form an arch. (OC)
My soap bar has dried bubbles on it
This sink 18in from the ground in the ER
I passed an erupting volcano on my flight yesterday.
Rear window has two wipers
A very worn down GameCube stick at a gaming bar
Snapped a pic of a blackhawk flying by the St. Louis arch.
Happy little tree growing in a restaurant
Looking up from the base of the St. Louis arch.
This u-turn light
When your PNG to JPEG converter uses UTC time and you're on Pacific Standard.
One of the face masks my sister got me for my birthday has snail secretion in it
E.T. in this pitbull's ear
Read the bottom comment
These thousands of little balls of sand made by Sand Bubbler Crabs, who take the nutrients from the sand and then spit them back out as balls
E.T. is in this pitbull's ear.
My theater uses the old design on the Sonic cup lids.
There's only five candies in this pack of Sixlets.
The Atlantic Slave Trade Animated In Less Than 3 Minutes
My first glimpse at a digital license plate
Plane landing time lapse in Cebu, Philippines
A Poptart with No Icing
A Poptart with No Icing
Mold found on Tomato Soup
More appealing follow-up picture to my previous post
More appealing follow-up picture to my previous post
This picture I took of ice in my mixed drink
quite quite mild
With/without nightsight in basically pitch black
The size of that fella on the left is 6 foot...
Pic of a cruise ship in the Caribbean taken from my flight (around 15-20 thousand feet up)
Came across this at just the right time
Escape Proof Weiner
Who would've thought that both an Oscar winning Leading Actor and Leading Actress would come from a $600,000 budget horror flick?
This was submitted from my iPhone
The clouds outside the plane look like puffs of cotton
My friends live in this house and have to lock their doors because people think it's a bar.
My workplace has a map with pins showing where it's employees are from. One pin is on Pyongyang.
My pizza did not look happy to be on the menu.
San Jacinto state park in Palm Springs has a “broken sled” discard area
The white ball has kicked out the purple ball and blended in with the other balls.
This is what comes up when you try to translate Le Bron on google translate.
This burning tree summoning the fire dragon
I bought this chocolate milk for my local supermarket and after I had already bought it and gotten home to my amusement the expiry date was 2020 17 of feb 14:15 which meant it was expiring within the hour. Ps I still drank it and it was fine
These pizza scissors where I work.
A Chinese shop owner makes large life sized figures out of broken tires in his free time
My dad for size reference of the tree he cut down *the tree was diseased and dying and about to fall on a neighbors house*
The way this shop prices gallons of drinking water using a marker
Found this old Blockbuster catalog at my Grandma’s
My after market xbox 360 controller manual has Sword Art Online in the example image.
The light on the ceiling that my lamp makes
This cloud that kinda looks like North America.
Fallout 76 is currently 76 GBs
What does this gate keep out?
This slot machine has a built in wireless charger
I have the same tie as the Baskin-Robbins manager from “Ant-Man”
My Dad for size reference of this tree he cut down.
My Dad for size reference
These wooden candles found in Quebec
It all makes sense now... except I don’t care.
This huge plant
It actually works!
Emus are such a menace in Australia that we have to put up signs preventing them from entering certain areas.
This crystallization on the side of my candle looks like a world map!
It actually works!
This pizza box from my local pizza spot
My daughter’s toy picnic basket looks like Meatwad in drag.
On the left is a lime immediately after juicing and on the right is a lime about 15 minutes after juicing
I dropped my bottle lid and managed to catch it with my foot so I wouldn't wake my baby brother.
Ben Stiller with his dad, Jerry. (I had no idea that was his dad!)
I almost stepped on this guy last fall.
Today I found out that I have a sever tongue tie, a severe top lip tie and a moderate bottom lip tie. My mouth is just fucked. I’m not gonna show you a picture though so here’s a totally rad meme to express my emotions towards this news 👉👉
My baby Yoda drink
A limo company still has one of their original Bentley limos
The shape of this chip I found (right for example of normal chip)
An avocado appeared in my juicer.
The way the sun shines through this bong.
An avocado appeared in my juicer.
This hair clump I just excavated from my bathtub drain
Old cooker inside an abandoned castle
This hotel has a special place for your dog to relieve itself.
Spent my lazy Sunday building an "upstairs" out of popcicle sticks for our mice.
This extremely long chicken strip
The stalls in the washroom of this restaurant are completely sealed off
This unfrosted mega-wheat
Japanese Arisaka Rifle that my Dad’s uncle brought back from WW2.
Was Doing Yardwork, And Found An Old Glove With A Plant Growing Through It
the hole on the side of a jelly pouch so you can hook it on. every flavor has a different picture as well
This butterfly looks like it’s wearing a Brazilian fútbol jersey.
Triangle Crayons
Old pharmacy
These pb&amp;j cups are shaped like thicc hearts
Price labeled in cents.
This ramp closed sign
Edgar Allan's Poe poem collection.
Spam is stolen so often in Hawaii that Walmart sells individual cans in theft-deterrent containers
Someone decorated a Nissan GT-R with Greta Thunberg.
My drink kind of looks like an African horizon.
The way my company’s cooling system becomes giant LEGO bricks in the snow
The amount of detail on this keyboard key
Our milk expires on leap year
The setup of a macro shot vs the final image
My carl's jr. Is independently owned
Old safe in fathers office
This abnormally shaped strawberry I found in a package of normal berries.
This hershey's cup, i found at a Thrift store
My cat's charming mole
Wet Floor sign shaped like a banana peel
Tree pruners circa 1890s
The size of this blackberry I found at work
One of the tiny snow triangles my shoe soles left behind on the carpet.
Oil and vinegar looks like an alligator head
When you cut the “head” of the bok choy, you get a flower like pattern
This double carrot
This vase looks like an artificial heart.
This shops mannequin losts its torso I guess! (she lookin kinda fresh tho)
My old oil filter has a hiring now sticker for a position at a dealership
This is one way to make sure your clients never run out of toilet paper (Ichiran Ramen, Kyoto, Japan)
A perfectly filled yogurt cup
Snowflake on a crow’a wing
Momma duck with Goofy on her beak
The prices of the mugs say $3.5 instead of $3.50
This straw is made of agave
I recreated my local skatepark in paper
This tiny pool on a boulder looks like a mountain lake up close.
This 4 in 1 fruit snack I found.
An air dryer from Scranton PA
Recursive grapes
Scranton PA
A pizza place I live close to has a picture of how large the pizzas are for reference.
A local bar advertised a good deal on blinker fluid!
Fake Gugci shoes
This California drive-thru with an ATM before the pickup window
The skull of a micro bat vs a straw colored fruit bat.
The shadow from this fence made acool pinstripes
All three drum kits are on stage for the Opening Act
The green “unoccupied” &amp; red “occupied” colors on the stall in my dorm are backwards
Our cat litter was delivered with the box destroyed and part of the box with the label just taped to the side.
Ice formed in a pipe lime this
This squiggly line on my sliding screen door
This child's play scene setup up at the based of a tree outside of a restaurant
These water droplets in my parking garage.
This bottle cap is a little message at the bottom
This rainbow sky in Kankakee, Illinois
Tiny toy truck on a flatbed
It isn’t even open nor was left outside!
Hands down best model
This cloud formation
The name of this rock climbing wall
Arch de Styrofoam
Rainbow I found in the snow the other day.
The name of this rock climbing wall
The heart shaped herb my boyfriend found in his soup on Valentine’s Day
My grandpa carved this out of a piece of firewood with only a pocket knife. (The ball and links move freely)
Plant growing on my roof....any ideas?
My grandpa carved this out of a piece of firewood with only a pocket knife
The refraction makes this crocodile's head look disconnected and oddly far away
My grandpa carved this out of a piece of fire wood
So the water froze in mid air from pipe
So the water froze in mid air from pipe
Went 77 mph at 77,777 miles
1 week after Sydney floods 2020
This two cheese cheese stick has the second cheese inside instead of swirled around the other cheese. (Wow I just said cheese 4 times in one sentence)
This crisp (UK) I got from my packet.
Not really a mindfuck but ok
I peeled an orange in one piece
This ios/android in 1 charger.
Coal River Rocks
My knife was open on my bed and when I got up i knocked it of and it landed like this
This table I’m sitting at is also a functional Foosball table. (NBC Grill Brew in Orlando, FL)
Bought a replica human skull (as you do) and found this pic on another buyers review. Would love to see that room!
This elevator only had half-floor stops.
Bought a replica human skull (as you do) and found this pic on another buyers review. Would love to see that room!
This building in my city that looks totally flat from this particular angle
My boyfriend under a painting of the intersection where he had the motorcycle accident that broke his leg.
The condensation on my mirror after showering looks like a tournament bracket.
The condensation on my mirror after showering looks like a tournament bracket.
The way the sky looks where I live.
My phone case reflects a rainbow light only off computer screens. Anyone know why?
O.o
The way this branch was trimmed after growing over a power line
Bought a replica human skull (as you do) and found this pic on another buyers review. Would love to see that room!
Xray of Samsung Note 10 Plus
The barcode on a bag of Jelly Belly is shaped like a jelly bean.
Ohio Lottery honoring one of the G.O.A.Ts
This stack of scoring TVs from the recently demolished bowling alley
this upside down plastic print
just realised that the lights in the distance are lights of a city in a neighbouring country, on another island.
Bought a replica human skull (as you do) and found this pic on another buyers review. Would love to see that room!
A bit late but this duck was ready for Valentine’s Day!
A bit late but this duck was ready for Valentine’s Day 💛
Years of have the chair pushed into the table.
Coffee stain looks like an old man
This aerial view of a river and another airplane in the distance
Right next to each other
This gas pump is running even though it’s not in use.
10 Roundest Countries Based on Political Borders
Our Mardi Gras parade haul
This accent wall made from a stack of trim and moulding
Deli Manager’s name at Publix
Found some interesting design at bathroom
I ran over a road runner today.
On Valentine's Day a heart shaped onion fell from my burger on a date
Remember when Burger King would always “accidentally” throw in an extra onion ring or two in with their fries?
A stone with a hearth shape full of water
On Valentine's Day a heart shaped onion fell from my burger on a date💜
Someone drew a Donald Duck to a dusty door.
Honey, you know what I could really go for? A hot dog from Home Depot delivered to our house! Seen on the ubiquitous hot dog stand outside a Home Depot, Denver
A steam excavator.
Parents teaching their kids how to budget.
This two trees joined up to make one bigger tree.
Conjoined Banana
I got one Utah Goldback, Utah’s voluntary local currency made of gold, in the mail today
What he done this time?
I had my wisdom teeth cast in silver
These two trees fused together.
The way my perfectly placed glass of lemonade glows in a sunbeam.
Buddy sent me the X-ray he got of his horizontal wisdom teeth. Thought some ppl might enjoy it
My beer's foam looked a bit like a drooling dog last night
The amount of wind we get in the lake district does this to trees.
This device to "counterattack" your noisy upstairs neighbor.
Lego Tom And Jerry
So, this is a thing
Friend left his tea in the car on a cold evening
A perfect x in this granite window sill
My Coffee Cup Was Glad I Drank Its Contents
This old business card
A strawberry cluster
So I guess this is a thing
My skin welts in the exact shape of any sticker I place on it longer than 5 minutes.
Our total taxes owed this year comes to a total of 6666$
Local bookshop censored vegan
Airport in DC has a CPR training machine
The sediment from this chemical reaction looks like a marshy forest
Tag I found looking for washing instructions for this vest. Sounds ominous to me.
This rubbed out braile on a plaque for peppermint in the fragrance garden designed for the blind in my local botanical garden.
The things you see in Vegas.
Moss-covered forest shoes
The clouds have an almost perfect split
Penguin faithfully returns home every year to spend 8 months with the human who saved his life
My type changes Color in certain lighting and angles
This lychee water can is made out of plastic except for the lid which is made out of metal
My onion grew something while sitting in the cupboard.
Trees signs in the parking lot
The wine diamonds that formed on the cork of a bottle I opened yesterday
Apparently my iPod fits in my Galaxy note 8
This nickel fits inside my ring
My 2019 in pixels.
The way you can see the outline of the sun through a cloud.
Apparently my iPod fits inside my Galaxy note 8
Apparently my iPod fits inside my Galaxy note 8
Apparently my iPod fits inside my Galaxy note 8
Apparently my iPod fits inside my Galaxy note 8
My grandfather escaped the Holocaust, made his way to the United States and got drafted into works war 2, where he fought against the Japanese. After the war he saved a drowning Japanese man who surrendered how daggar to him. Two more stories for the other two weapons!
Perfectly round chicken egg
The back of this can looks like it is dissing Instagram
My 2019 in pixels.
big piece of cheese in my chipotle bowl
I found another heart looking m&amp;m in the same pack
I’ve never seen this number on a speed limit sign
This cool container that my sweets came in
My Sisters toaster
There’s multiple lego starwars statues in the middle of a shoping centr
My dads story and recipe for the family cookbook
My dads story and recipe for the family cookbook
Failed demolition this morning in Dallas, Texas
The plastic cover on this book is so old it's starting to peel &amp; flake off
This old clock that I found
This old clock, that I found
OK hand at the radiology department of the hospital where I work
These thumbnails aligning
The green flames in my fireplace earlier...
This stone formation I found while hiking.
The way the soap was worn away by the shower.
Deal Of The Day
Balancing jenga blocks (now successfully)
This Darth Vader on my boyfriend’s shirt looks like he has huge animated eyes on his mask
This Kitkat has a diagonally inserted wafer
I was taking a photo of a building and noticed later that someone was also taking a photo of me.
Apparently contractions do not count
Logged in to check balances, and got this message.
My Black Cat's Fur Becomes a Mahogany Color in Sunlight
The size difference
I never new they made halal haribos
Takas from Bangladesh! The bills get smaller as the value decreases.
Takas from Bangladesh! The bills get smaller as the value decreases.
Takas from Babgladesh! The bills get smaller as the value decreases.
Soaked in a hot spring in -40F°
Just a slug making his morning rounds
Balancing Jenga Blocks
Mixed two types of mouthwash for an unexpected hypnotic result!
A “picture” of Steve Jobs made entirely out of candy.
This sign’s screw makes the crane have an eyeball
This chess set that my family recently inherited. Pool ball next to the king piece for scale.
I found this at the grocery store.
First time seeing one of these on the road
A peeled avocado
I found a 1989 arcade magazine buried in my closet
this truck I carved out of soap 8 years ago.
This is a statue of a green turtle who also is a money collector to help a company committed to the Environment and Welfare of Sea Turtles
Double m&amp;m heart found in pack of regular m&amp;m’s
This piece of chicken looks like a dolphin
My Mom's door hook like a fighting octopus.
Son got his shoe one square dirty.
My Nutty Bar has two squares missing
Cut open this sweet pepper to find another pepper inside it
Even when the inputs only go to two decimals, Excel added incorrectly (very slightly) in General format. Error &lt; 2 trillionths/US dollar.
The Mouse goes "Quack"
Wow
After buying an electric shaver I was disappointed it didn't come with a head protector, then - hmm, I still have that bubble packaging...
This rock that looks like a steak.
Sharp line between sun/grass and shade/snow
This heartshape potato
My flight confirmation code in the midst of the coronavirus was GERMS
It’s kind of dirty, but when I was a kid I hated how these things popped 30 seconds after I got them. So I didn’t let it pop, for 9 1/2 years
A rainbow reflection on my vape
The trucks at my work made two hearts on vday haha
I found some old guns
The division and apparent ratio of Raisins to Bran
An old (1980) parking receipt from Disney World.
this dishwasher
How this sun ray broke.
My lawnmower has a tiny lawn
This mango core looks like a clam
Inspired by a reddit post about some news channel measuring with washing machines I created a washing machine measurement system
These Eagle Mannequins
The roundest coutries in the World, taken directly from r/mapporn
The rocks in this tree.
This menu designed to look like a newspaper
Local parking garage tells you exactly how many spots are left in a certain aisle
Neighbor dropped their keys in the snow and the snowplow pushed it back in front of their house.
Fresh snowfall.
Fresh snowfall.
Store is selling a big block of cheese
The Capri sonne I bought had two straws attached to it.
Camel using old packaging
Found a 50 Austrian Groschen coin from 1970 in my change today (in US)
This really small apple. (Purse for comparison)
This piece of chicken is shaped like a rat
This bowl that broke into 2 big pieces and 3 nearly identical smaller triangle pieces
The way the snow melted on my sunroof left a maze of patterns and shapes.
My alien figurine and its accompanying facehugger-like orchid
My mom made me this silver ring and I still wear it to this day (2years later)
This Arm &amp; Hammer Nasal Spray says baking soda instead of Nasal Spray
Recently saw a post on r/nevertellmetheodds about a person getting 3 $100 bills from a bank from different generations. Customer came into my store today and paid with these. Mind blown!
Braille Uno pack by the NFTB for blind players
This pen that I put on my sketch tablet looks kinda photoshopped
Internet Outage Reveals Google Chrome Easter Egg Dinosaur Game
My gf and i bought two different brand whitening steps that turned out to be the same whitening strips
This icy lake looks kinda like marble.
This London crossword I did put “fish” and “chips” next to each other with enough room to put “and” in between
Found this older style dennys while visiting a college.
Ocean mystery
The choice of sponsors on this ticket 🎟️
Birth of an octopus - it's not something you see every day, or ever for that matter.
This combined sink/hand dryer in Edinburgh Airport
I took a selfie in my morning cup of coffee.
This bag of jerky came with floss
ITAP of a wall of my neighbour’s house. He decorated the wall with customised kites and LEDs on his wedding.
WW2 bullet holes in Rouen law court, Normandy
Generic sodas look like they’re from another dimension.
This Jeeps headlight with a Jeep grill inside.
Car that looks like a weird bug
Ik this already exists on this subreddit, but I had a giant piece of chocolate in my ice cream
This glass thing I have
When you scratch a mouse pad it will leave a mark that disappears after a small amount of rubbing... I may have gotten a bit carried away doodling on my mouse pad after discovering this fact
My niece's unintentional Pebbles cosplay today!
The tower has grown
This perfectly round shadow
My scrambled eggs this morning looked like an anatomical heart
The way these eggs lined up when cracked into a bowl
This quarter I got today has a perfect hole through it. Why?
This olive oil bottle with a built in pour spout!
This car
How sunlight shined a Morse code like pattern on my dorm's curtain
Almost all of the branches on this tree grow straight up
I bit my PB&amp;J into the shape of the USA
This pond with frozen water.
This acrylic and glass cheese board I made.
Wear of a plate used daily for several years vs a bowl used maybe annually
Max Planck before and after discovering quantum physics
Ordered volume 3 of the book I’m reading and noticed the postage price.
Women sign peeling to say No men
This small tube of toothpaste is only 5 grams.
The way the ice separates the water and ribena
A very long crewton that i just found compared to a regular one
I think I'm the first view
This snow resembles some sort of language.
This Quarter from American Samoa
interesting...
Someone left a g.i. Joe in a forest
I’ve never seen door handles like this before..
This Domino's restaurant used to be a bank.
This description of what mint tastes like.
This single windmill blade being transported
Visual comparison of discrepancy in popularity of decaf vs regular coffee in my hotel room.
This gummy pack colors
A picture I took of all the scratches restaurant fork
Im cleaning my fire pit and found this in a soda can from a few weeks ago. It looks like a "charcoal" like sponge from the sugar in the soda
The lenses in the shed skin of a jumping spider.
Reddit making me guess how many upvotes the post has
Kinda makes me wants to see wtf is going on.
Two planes crossed pathes and made what appears to be really close to a 90 degree angle
A wild traffic cone in it's natural habitat
Schwarzenegger wing.
A dying mall
This bell pepper I cut had another tiny pepper inside of it.
you weigh more in the sun
The text on this cup's bottom is stamped mirrored so you can read it while drinking.
The plumbing for a shower demo room.
The hillside is collapsing revealing tree roots
3 random strangers were wearing face masks to reduce likelihood of getting the Coronavirus and were all seated coincidentally in the same row..
This mitten has a glove for a thumb
Spotted this on my Campus
this calendar that shows you how to count in sign lenguage.
this bathroom's sinks have 3 different taps
The way this apple ripened
This bar in Paris has straws made of raw pasta (biodegradable). Good idea.
The shadow from our blinds looks like a signal bar.
Star Wars translated into the Navajo language.
the bbq place i’m eating at let’s you write on the walls (yes i realize these exist but they’re usually chalk)
My confirmation code in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak was “GERMS” 😷
Mirrors are green?!
This startled moose in my Saab owner's manual
No context...
Here's a thing I drew is school because I was bored.
This part of the overhead line looks like a giant metal cricket
This billboard about cocaine and pretzels.
Half a Jaw Breaker
These LONG grapes
This overcoat looks like it'd be worn in a Fallout vault
How this cat matches the carpet
plastic bags from defunct stores my mom just found behind a cabinet drawer
I don't know if this is interesting to you but my dad bought me a Freddy Krueger glove with movable claws. Here I am giving Reddit the bird.
Ice sculpture
Road construction pylons with faces going into the ground. Florida
This quirky carrot
This picture I seen at an arcade.
This mailbox with 2 slots
My morning coffee plus a little milk swirl turned into Jupiter.
Sword from Princess Bride and LOTR weapons at the museum of pop culture!
this cvs has a letter missing and it now spells “harmacy”.
This fusion of pretzel pieces looks remarkably like a D and B’s
The layers of this bird nest I removed from our nesting box today
Over-the-shoulder hydrant holder?
This gas station’s prices don’t end in 9/10 of a cent
You know those little bubble things at the bottom of ane windows? Some stuff got stuck around it and now it looks like a bullet stuck in mid-air.
This silly looking pear
What boiling sugar looks like before it turns into caramel
Good thing there were pictures...
My cat wasn’t weened properly as a kitten, so now she sucks on my shirts and blankets whenever we cuddle.
A old Coca Cola bottle opener at my church.
Some Ice Washed Away
My dog has a paw print on her ear
Taco Bell WiFi Sign
This cat has a lazy eye so it always looks like it's judging you
My screen door makes my dog’s shadow look pixelated
This cool reflection/shade projected on the clouds during my flight today
Fully accessible boat snow sculpture (stairs and cutout on the other side.) Artist Unknown.
This stone that looks like famous Jesus fresco
Texas compared to Europe
Better angle of the Fishface rock I found at the beach the other day
This vending machine sells locks and deodorant
Floating power pole
Olive harvest, fresh off the tree and ready to go to the processing plant
A gate to keep out fat people
I have a birth mark that’s the shape of the country I’m from (Senegal)
This 3L vodka bottle I got for my birthday. Standard 0.7L bottle for comparison
Oatmeal serving size, 1, 4, or the whole block.
These icicles on my barn
There’s a very old banana on the back of this truck that we were behind the other day
In Ireland you can buy a meerkat in pet shops.
These icicles formed from the roof drips.
My “animal” crackers
Our neighbors pet pig stays on their porch all day
"Unicorn House," Paisley, Oregon
This spanish coin from 1995
Star wars scented candles...now we know what inside of a Tauntaun smells like.
This water in a can
If this isnt even slightly interesting there is something g wrong with you.
I don't know how I created this.
A new highway built straight through the forest
This bruise is from coughing so hard i pulled a muscle
My stuffed bear had a cameo on Grey’s Anatomy
These pictures were taken a day apart
The way this ice cube landed on the rim of my water bottle
My sister beat the machine
This above average sized chocolate chunk in my ice cream
Double match...Ignore the sad little bowl of kief.
I noticed my pant strings somewhat match my headset cord
My book with uneven page sizes
The lights in this service station are upside down cups
IKEA beer has an explanation in two languages that it does not include a bottle opener.
Graph showing grip strength, as per sex and age
Saw these as prizes in an arcade in Spain a few years back. Yes you see that right, Ball Pump Needles! in an arcade game, as a legitimate prize.
Pls get this watermelon to 100,000 upvotes We need to have the most popular watermelon
A graph showing grip strength, as per sex and age
A cell phone sculpture stuck on a bike rack in downtown Denver
My radio says no is a disc doesn't work
St Regis carpet in Aspen looks like Monkey Faces
Emma Watson with Penélope Cruz and Antonio Banderas And the funny thing about this is one of them farted and everyone heard
This big strawberry
This big strawberry
Somehow a different fork ended up at our restaurant (we’ve always had these forks) it’s the one to the right
Brand new water filter vs an old one
The pattern on this AC
Alphabetical order of numbers 0-100
Alphabetical order of numbers 0-100
Melting snow revealed little mouse paths underneath
The portion of a building still standing after a scheduled demolition this morning. The Leaning Tower of Dallas.
Can someone explain this? Is this a thing?
My chewed pen top looks like a mouse
The knot on this wood looks quite a lot like the mean, scary granny from The Goonies.
Found my mom's old Blockbuster name tag.
The snow melting off our lattice.
This perfectly jagged cut from a butter knife
The way these two thumbnails overlapped on YT
Shibuya Crossing during hurricane Hagibis (2019)
Found a sloth in my shed.
The way my local Wegman’s mists this cheese ever so slightly
My Boss Had A German Pfenning From WW2
Cloud which looks like a dragon...
The instructions on my recycling bin have a box of Munchy Bites
There's a beach on Fuerteventura that looks like it's made out of Popcorn
this shark (Helicoprion Shark)
Cracked Beer Can
There's an attached part in the handle of this milk jug. Idk if that's normal but I've never seen it before.
Tiny pond inside of the Luray Caverns
The barcode of this coconut oil are palmtrees.
Almost every vehicle at these pumps is FedEx
My husband’s shin
This duck frozen in ice
This highway has an exit 0A and 0B
Whale Tractor
Duck couple up a tree.
How my food came at the Chinese restaurant
Heard you guys like old pharmacies. In the back of a gym in a small town.
My dog has 3 toenails that are half black and half white.
This roll of paper towel didn’t have the dotted lines for easy tearing
The layout of the magnet coils on this board.
Frozen windscreen made the snow roll up into a burrito
My mom’s pancakes.
A drawing of a fox.
A group of goats looking at me while I work
Young Jack Nicholson looks and sounds like iDubbbz
Recently trimmed tree has icicles forming where the branches once were
Those stones
A hand dryer that is darth vader
Miller Lite bottle with an upside down label
A building near my granny’s house has small houses on top
Shrooms on a stick..
Fish that got itself frozen into the lake ice
In Denmark adult students receive SU, a monthly living wage from the goverment. 5.456 dkk ~ 810$ / month or 65.472 dkk ~ 9500$ / year
My bedsheet is mildly hydrophobic
Interesting look of an african french Theater in Paris
This bus has wireless chargers on the tables
This bus has wireless chargers on the tables
A totally fuzzy white bat species lives in Honduras and they make their own sleeping quarters by cutting the ribs of larges leaves making them fold down to create a daytime tent. They look like white puffballs when they gather in groups. They only eat one thing - figs.
This charcoal looks like a tooth
Feeling subtle hints that I'm too poor to be in this neighborhood.
These were my groupings for my first time shooting a gun
A restaurant in my town uses table mats that tell waiters/waitresses were to place the cutlery
A Poké Ball on an overhead cable.
Museum
In the deserts of southern Spain there is an entire western movie set where they shot such classics as "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" and a vast majority of other Spaghetti Westerns.
Does this belong here?
This water splatter looks like someone getting shot.
This show flat at a construction site has this 'plastic bag shoe dispenser' so that you do not make the flat dirty with your footwear
This garden I stumbled across
Quick, this offer needs to be claimed before the end of the year 4000…
These two glasses in the office kitchen
These are brilliant if your always on the go :) A decent size portion aswell. £1.50 for 6 different selections at the moment in coop !!
Some people see Jesus in their toast, I see Pacman in my peanut butter!
this near perfect dust ball
The semi submersible heavy load carrier Zhen Hua 33.
These big dollar coins
The semi submersible heavy load carrier Zhen Hua 33.
There is a map on the bottom of this shoe
In the Netherlands we have something called a 'kanjerketting'. It's made for children with cancer. Every bead stands for a treatment or procedure that they went through. It's a way for children to explain their journey to others and it serves as a reward system.
Broken judgement bot made asshole decision when vote clearly goes the other way
Broken judgement bot made asshole decision when vote clearly goes the other way
This cool looking onion.
There was a mini satsuma inside my satsuma
The hand of a kangaroo.
There was a mini satsuma inside my satsuma
The London Underground mapped out from above.
100% toilet paper roll
This bottle of Vodka I found at my parents house
This wet floor sign
Bicentennial acme root beer can.
The Power Window button in my Uber is the wrong way.
The back of King Tuts mask
These lamps I put up in my room
My basement is so disgusting it’s magical..
My beer has a perfect bubble seal
moldy dead spider on an abandoned forge
This archaeological wall of ingravings I found while hiking
This car with 3 of the same badges.
The curve in this pen from use
This icy box monster
The blue light on my cooler matches almost perfectly with the blue pen I used on my cast
Oreo upside down
Valentine's day in Jordan
My frozen overnight soda eruption, minus the can, in black and white, looks like the Moon's surface with a footprint
Ikea knows what they are doing..
FUN FACT:Did you know that you can't rotate your finger anti clockwise and rotate your foot clockwise at the same time?
FUN FACT:Did you know that you can't rotate your finger anti clockwise and rotate your foot clockwise at the same time?
FUN FACT:Did you know that you can't rotate your finger anti clockwise and rotate your foot clockwise at the same time?
FUN FACT:Did you know that you can't rotate your finger anti clockwise and rotate your foot clockwise at the same time?
FUN FACT:Did you know that you can't rotate your finger anti clockwise and rotate your foot clockwise at the same time?
Clothing brand says don’t slap pandas
MIL never cleaned the dryer before. Fluff is at least an inch thick..
The size of this phone
I really question the color difference...
I spilt some water and it kinda looks like a glowing tree
Slo-mo of my dog drying himself
This shitty sticker on my apple! Making my apple sticky
Back of Tutankhamun Golden Mask
My cup broke perfectly
Security wrapped toilet
This radiator has an STD-mode.
Lightsaber chopsticks from Japan.
A mushroom has grown on the wall of my kitchen
The expiration date on my jar of peanut butter
melted thermometer at work, fell into the fryer
Pistol surrendered to my Ganda in WW2
There's a famous square in my city with black squirrels. No one knows where they came from. They just appeared one day many years ago. The tale says they hunt and killed all of the brown squirrels. This is the only place in the country with black squirrels. If you have food they literally drop on u
The ice formation off of this metal wire
This Vietnamese karaoke speakerbox has a screen built into it.
A 2001 fake bill from 9/11
The log had an arrow in it
My projector remote has 1 glow in the dark button. But it’s not the power button.
This random splat on the ground roughly resembling the shape of Iceland.
My beer made a smiley face
I sprayed cooking oil on my laptop cover to remove leftover sticker glue and it ended up increasing its transparency(like when you place scotch tape on a sand-blasted glass)
When you scrach a mousepad it will leave a mark that disappears after a small amount of rubbing... I may have gotten a bit carried away doodling on my mouse pad after discovering this fact
This brake light that spells WISH
Fire trucks in Honolulu are yellow
Picture of a light bulb through my old solar eclipse glasses
Picture of a light bulb through my old solar eclipse glasses
Picture of a light bulb through my old solar eclipse glasses
My school gave every student a card with a condom inside.
My gave every student a card with a singular condom inside for Valentine's day.
Owls can sit criss cross Apple sauce
The first 262144 bits of Pi in binary represented as an image (Source - http://www.befria.nu/elias/pi/lookpi.html)
The first 262144 bits of Pi in binary represented as an image (Source - http://www.befria.nu/elias/pi/lookpi.html)
This photo of North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia.
These mini cereal boxes
Dunkin Donuts made me grab their big D.
This bathroom mirror at a restaurant
Just saw a post of the centennial cans... my dad recently found his collection (all 50) when cleaning out my grandma's house. This is what the back looks like when they're all put together!
Balancing jenga blocks
Reddit turned into arial and it looks horrible
Reddit turned into arial and it looks horrible
A huge close up of a bubble hitted by the light.
The Wagyu beef I ordered for dinner tonight came with a copy of the cows birth certificate
The Wagyu beef I ordered for dinner tonight came with a copy the birth certificate for the cow
It's the little things that count, right?
Running droplets
My tea is completely separated from the water
Vaseline left for a few days sideways.
This flat cloud
This reading nook I made in my closet
The paper from this sheet of bacon after it was cooked left the imprint of the face of Predator.
A close up image of my eye my optometrist took. Who knew the iris could look slightly unsettling.
The IMDb rating on This is spinal tap (1984) goes up to eleven
Big Bird between takes.
This plane parked on the street
Knife ended up in this precarious position after placing cutting board into the sink
This sheep's eyeball that I kept from when I dissected it in the 7th grade (2013)
This book predicting a virus that originated from Wuhan.
This staircase has small canals on the side to drain water
My ampersand
This broom looks angry
The IBM rating for This is spinal tap goes up to eleven
This had 4 instead of 3
This giant Hershey’s Kiss (next to normal Kiss for scale)
7 up cans from 1976, collect each state can to make Uncle Sam!
Took my daughter to a science museum and I found this | I was a builder for the moment
A large icicle I found that formed barely on the tip of a Chirstmas light
My bottle of water has a sad face in it
My local library has a section for washroom reading
Purchased 50 years apart
The beeswax in my tea (from the comb) solidifies and remelts when I blow on it :)
My bottle of water has a sad face in it
This carrot wasn’t cut right
This grape in the shape of a heart
My phone case after almost 2 years of wear. Kept it protected.
My daughter drew this!
My daughter drew this.
My daughter drew this
My daughter drew this
These trapped air bubbles at my local aquarium look like upside down puddles on a rock island
This advertisement on the train
[OC] Found an untouched box of Valium on grandma’s meds box that expired on January of 1998
This spider that blends in with a yellow flower
I saw some clouds that look like they are photoshopped
2 of the same fortunes at pei wei
The way these icicles are forming over the back door where I work
Our Mardi Gras parade haul (banana for scale)
This Fallout Shelter sign outside Philadelphia City Hall
These are coin purses made from Cane Toad skins.
This a huge banana.
Mutant peanut butter MnM
I was mildly interested
My car odometer reading
These conjoined blueberries(Sorry for shitty quality)
Found an axe that doubles as a hand saw made by Zippo
Double fortune
This article about Amelia Earhart I found while cleaning out at my grandma's. The West Liberty Banner - dated January 17, 1935.
Watermelon house in Washington DC
My cat has heterochromia (one yellow eye, one brown eye)
This bug flew into my candle and became a fossil
The Max Retropub in Tulsa, Oklahoma has Falcor from the Neverending Story hanging from the ceiling.
small (now big) youtuber I used to watch never gave up on his dream
Miniature rug for a coaster. AirPod case for scale
These electric power cables on the street in Bangkok look like a nest of snakes.
This shadow outside my place looks like a dude with sunglasses and a moustache watching me
There was a mini Advil in the container
Omg it’s off brand Mountain Dew!
My dad’s hair product has worn down the headboard where he sleeps
Triple Sun Dog this evening in Alabama
This tube of Carmex from 2016 vs. the one I just bought
My faded hair matches my jacket perfectly.
One of my drinks got doubled capped
Pennies that accidently got in the washing machine
This zombie family sticker is the best one I’ve seen so far.
This old beer tray with artwork done by Dr. Seuss
Christmas Now Valentine's Day
Metal balloons in my mums sodawater.
My half gatorade
The way the rocks that prevent people from falling are arranged.
Christmas Now Valentine's Day
A huge balloon poodle taking a balloon dump
This heart-shaped opening in the ice on Valentine’s Day
Little heart chipped on the back of a baking sheet from how much it's been used.
The name of this rock climbing wall 😃
Additional tip received tonight
this faucet with a hand dryer.
This pull tab
This huge spoon
How have I gone my whole life not seeing this before and also, I’m mad that I didn’t come up with this idea before someone else did.
This brewery in Sacramento let's people bring their own food and eat in their alley
This aerial image looks like a tree trunk with moss growing in it
I was cleaning my floor and noticed that my mop had a radius around it.
I took this photo today. A couple of kayakers being waved at by a humpback whale.
Check out my buddy's ANALOG clock in his 2009 Nissan
Two people got the exact same time in the 500 free.
The “66” at the comments part is stretched out
Old 7Up bottle
The shadow of this hanging pot during sunrise making P
This lost match that didn’t quite make it into the matchbox.
Who was the brave man who found this out?
Only the horizontal lines show up in the shadow
50% less sodium?
This is how 45,000 pounds of potatoes are unloaded from a trailer. Giant hydraulic lift tips the trailer into the air and they just roll out the back.
This vertical elevator button order
Almost everyone in this building has the same white Ikea drying rack
The soap at the hotel I'm staying at has little bumps
This liquor store in an old Blockbuster kept the sign
The health benefits of my Cheerios are censored (Singapore)
A sign in Montana
this line in my dads glass from where they have been slammed together
Puffcorn FlavorNugget
Closed straw (sorry for the quality)
A bird fell in the snow, and just walked away
Found a face in my Motts fruit gummies
Learned why the arm wave isn’t intuitive for me today
This breakfast donut
Magnetic upvote in my Grandpa’s workshop
The bed frame I sleep on has mid 20th century ads in the drawers
This escalator has a horizontal plateau
Heard a can crushing noise in my car all day and realized these cans in my car got crushed squared by the single digit temperatures outside today
This lemon from a tree
The excess transmission fluid from a valve body made an outline of it.
A decade on Reddit. Happy Cake Day to me!
An interesting type of cucumber.
Looses. How do people not know the difference?
This dyson airblade displays some of the other products that dyson makes
Beer + Jenga Set = building things
This weird diamond... Shadow/reflection is m.i.
In my restaurant bill
Eight hours of paint buildup on the floor in a paint shop.
The world made only of Irelands
Eight hours of paint buildup on the floor in a paint shop.
Our new sheets have this helpful tag
Am I suppose to light this or what?
Eight hours of paint buildup on the floor in a paint shop.
Found this shrine while hiking today
This yellow stop sign I saw today.
Furnace exhaust stalagmites and stalactites.
These pictures of presidents made completely of used Pennies
This tip thing of no face that eats the money.
This spider that has a similar moustache to Joseph Stalin
Today's conversation hearts aren't even real words
Spray paint layers
These kiwis are a little to big...
This post about volume signs
The way this written check mark seems to go underneath the printed box
I just had to do this crazy wiring just to get my internet to work. All new wiring.
This stripped down billboard from when it was still legal to advertise cigarettes.
This set of Roman history books.
This media bias chart.
This cloud I saw last night that looked like Godzilla
This is the oldest surviving photograph in the world. (photo of a drawn image) circa 1825
Mislabeled Pez, the others were fine
This whiskey glass with a cigar rest.
What he done this time?
Boyfriend couldn't decide what sauce, asked for one of each. Was not disappointed
there’s a hole in this granola bar
Adult Swim had this billboard on Sunset Blvd for years until Netflix took it and almost every other one over. So Adult Swim acquired this liquor store sign right below it.
These dogs made of sand
A bike repair station on a hike in Sedona, Arizona
A hand of a koala
Pink house in my town
This paper towel dispenser that instructs you to use your arm instead of your hand
Nature gave this mussel shell a face
Ice cream made by this company is the official ice cream of the state university!
the gas station i’m at has a “beer cave”
It’s like the birds only picked this car as their target
The shadow from grime in this car looks like a seahorse
My grandpa’s dog’s blue eye turns red and brown eye turns blue in camera flash
This phone jack in the back of my grandparent’s new stove
Caution cone for slippery floor that looks like a banana peel
This tree ate a sign... Mom nom nom
A banana shaped wet floor sign
My egg has two yolks
The box says "Enlarged to Show Detail" but the picture is smaller than reality
My mom worked on and off for two and a half years to make this temperature blanket for me! Each row is 13 months (birthday month is duplicated at each end) with the average maximum temperatures of the city where I lived at the time.
These gloves have a textured area for your fingernails
Surprisingly spherical courgette (zucchini).
the right path way on the marble steps of the Smithsonian museum of natural history in DC are visibly worn
A restaurant in my city has a framed canvas in the women’s bathroom so that people can write/draw guilt-free graffiti
I have a boulder sticking out of my basement wall.
Mildly Cursed
Who throws away a book?
This spill I made on the floor looks like the United Kingdom
A facial/sheet mask for hands
A non-baby carrot came with my baby carrots. We still using bananas for scale?
I saw this pigeon with a cool pattern
Blue &amp; Pink building I saw in Hong Kong
The way the wind made these icicles curve
Prescription From for Medicinal Liquor from Prohibition
You can hire a mohawk Cupid in my city for V-Day
Bespoke Iron Throne at my auto repair shops checkout desk
The way the ants dug these mounds makes it look like a perfect backwards S
This doorbell is made out of an audio jack and cable
The way these bubbles formed in the neck of my beer
This cum towel growing mushroom
This Pringles vending machine I found.
Selenite I dug up in my backyard
This tiny cootie catcher I made. 4 millimeters, worldrecord is 1. Still bends tho.
My Aunt made a Harry Potter themed coat (cloak) hanger
This Restaurant actually has Humor
Found two 2$ bills with serial numbers right next to each other
The real Mona Lisa on a train
This burnt cheese looks like a penguin
The digital zoom on this picture makes it look like a painting
This trailer is somehow bent upward.
Found This animal bone a few years back that had some sort of plant rooting inside. Rediscovered this photo recently I thought it was cool
This heart shaped scratch my kid got on Valentines day
This heart shaped scratch my kid got on Valentines day
This heart shaped scratch my kid got on Valentines day
I lost horribly...
My 70 year old Monopoly board
For the redditor weeks ago, here’s my example of Braille availability on US meds
These flowers in my garden look like butterflies.
The top of this puzzle piece kinda looks like Shrek
Side street in Rome..See the ruins? What do you think they were? Pretty cool.
There’s a road in Vierra, Florida, in which you drive on the left side of the road
The iPhone cable I just bought has a serial number
A picture my dad took of a electronic poster with code on it
They mean two different things lol
Metal sculpture in Stevens Point, WIS
Mail addressed to the previous homeowner who is deceased. Good thing it was junk as I live in the US.
just out here ..
The dog food had some interesting suggestions on how to open it.
Definitely the best shop front ive ever seen
Japan, construction site barricades have a decibel monitor
the color of the sky right now
The trail of steam that my hot cup of tea left on the cupboard.
An M&amp;M without a shell
This succulent looks like rocks splitting apart.
Cooking a black chicken. All internal organs and meat is also black.
The way this banana is peeling itself
This lime flavored gummy bear has a grape flavored foot. Almost looks like it has a bruise.
I learned about hand masks today
This aluminium paper comes measured in pi.
I was laying down on my keyboard with it off and it looks kinda funky.
This mini mattress the lady at the furniture store gave me.
This library has a "Blind Date with a Book" section
The way my weather widget perfectly lined up with my cell phone background.
I got 3 tater tots in my bag of frozen french fries
BIG MAC Best Hits, McDonalds Music
This fountain machine dispenses wine
This Tesco branch offers a lanyard to people with hidden disabilities to signal to staff that they might need extra help while shopping
Water just starting to freeze.
The frost made these interesting patterns on my windshield.
Filling the Tank Was Unlucky, Evil, But Also Kinda Nice
headlight wipers
This ratcheting Allen key that came with a new bed frame. It’s actually useful and worth keeping.
Thank you letter for small act of kindness
My Best Buy is selling digital game cards in tiny game cases
Cut on my finger looks like a Nike logo
This statue in NY looks like it’s balancing the other art work on their hand.
This old phone my granpa gave me
Hard to get a good picture because there’s nowhere to pull over, but our city has a bright pink house. (Complete with two pink G wagons and 2 pink Cadillac’s)
So I took out the peanut butter in Reese's cups.
The way my friend almost scratched.
This tree grew through a fence
the text on my soap dispenser appears normal in the mirror
Nazi first aid manual from 1939 that I found at my local library about 18 years ago. Amtliches Unterrichtsbuch über Erste hilfe.
Found a bunch of snake eggs in an old tree trunk
This poster I found in a local bar
This kitty’s nail covers
This hotel elevator shows how much of the weight capacity is currently being filled
This burger joint has sinks for washing your hands in the dining area
A photo of the sky from the inside of Levin’s
These power lines in the sunshine
Double peanut M&amp;M
This white girl paradise
In Canadian parks the signs clarify exactly which types of smoking are prohibited
The way this lollipop landed on my table
This small mallet included to help assemble the shelving unit I ordered
Sorry for the quality
Environmentally friendly condoms
A toilet paper holder very nice
A conversation heart that says "GOAT"
My fortune cookie contained 2 fortunes that were stuck together
Reserved Parking For a Very Limited Group
This toothbrush has no bristles
My turtle is now a rainbow
This very comprehensive No Smoking sign
My TV has a built in channel for livestreaming and video games
This jam after traveling by plane
This old 7up can I found in the attic of my new house
My mom opened this expecting peaches and cream corn, got pineapple instead.
How this cactus grew over the course of one year
My dogs receding hairline. His natural mohawk 6 years apart.
My dog's receding hairline. His natural mohawk 6 years apart.
My dog's receding hairline. His natural mohawk 6 years apart.
Kanye walking a Camen
My McSauce had an extra empty container stuck to it.
My notebook from Paperchase is made from 8 coffee cups
Seahorse made of Keys
Roman numeral IIII
How this ice froze
Sign at a burger joint.
My juice expires in 1000 years
License Plate of the Great White North
This rock aping a potato
Spider web on a candle wick
I sliced off the top of my finger
This tiny jellybean I found in my package of Brachs
This bottle of ketchup I bought had a label (in english) over the original label in Arabic.
Deformed Jelly bean (left one for comparison)
The size of some surface mount electronic components compared to a standard sized through-hole resistor.
This game store is a converted bank
This game store is a converted bank
Reuploaded: My dads abstract painting garage “studio”
One random ice column formed sticking up on top of my compost bin.
Unexpected babies
This randomly cylindrical cloud today (upstate ny)
Going through the closet, I found my old NFL helmet collection (ca. 1981)
Close-up of a velvet-top fungus I found
Crisp $2 bills that line up in serial number
This oat that got sealed by the packing machine in between two bags of muesli
My dog only ate half his treat this morning
My vacuum when it's on has an indicator that tells you how full the bag is
Crisp $2 bills that line up in serial number
When you forget your tea in your car during winter
This Yoda toy kinda looks like Bill Cosby
These skittles in a gum bottle
I like looking through old notes
I see your Tesla hearse and raise this Maserati hearse
The perfect ring that this faucet creates within the sink.
This Lay’s potato chip I almost ate today had a green discoloration on it.
These tiny air bubbles in a frozen water bottle
These tiny air bubbles in a frozen water bottle
Iris whiskey
This snake cake
In the tiny, extremely rural town of Alton, Utah, all of the stop signs say "Whoa".
Burst fire hydrant in Minnesota.
One of the eggs from my teacher's chickens came out pink.
This large rock in a rock wall
My neighbor's icicles melted and refroze
Winter is coming.
Back when no one cared - back of a comic from 1967
My arm after I took off a bandage (I sprained my wrist)
Some early tennis rackets had three prongs
The color coming off this flower
They way these two fit together
a frozen slurpee taken out of the cup
This floor appeared to be out of order. Thankfully, the other floors were fine.
My washing machine uses a Pythagorean cup to add fabric softener.
My candle wick is made of wood
Two boys teaching each other parts of their culture.
The difference in my bathroom ceiling from above the shower and the rest of the room
My Dorito chip is burnt
The urinals at this soccer training place have mini goals with soccer balls in them
My indian cooking sauce came with an italian lid
This rock’s reflection lines up perfectly with the other rock
This fake coffee stain on a mug.
My yellow gummy bear lost his head
Pigeons sleeping on both sides of my balcony.
The progress bar for the Star Wars soundtracks on Sporify is a lightsaber
I got all pink from my original starbursts
Ginny was born with almost a perfect heart in her fur...
Double length noodle in my mac n cheese today.
Modern warfare changes game mode titles for Valentine's day, they know their audience well.
The way this bit of cardboard lines up
Recently found a penny that turned 100 this year!
This long piece of kibble
These are the school rules from a Victorian school in 1837....
This slap bracelet was made from a measuring tape.
The water droplet stains on the back of this car looks like a slender man party
The different animal carvings in this wood
Amazing ice/snow sculpture
This stop sign on the road
An ammo crate I bought
The way the water from my hands splashed onto this roll of paper towels.
This house that looks like a frog
This house that looks like a frog
This El Pollo Loco I drove past in Los Angeles
This restaurant has a place to store your phone during the meal.
Goggles for cutting onions.
In the 70's Brazilian version of Sesame Street, Big Bird was blue, and terrifying
My sister's soft toy looks like something out of a horror movie
This car has TWO sun visors!
Portrait mode made my glas disappear
The shape of these clouds
Surprise surprise!
Don't know how many hotels do this. But mine has soft and firm pillows which are also labelled. Never saw this before so thought I'd post it.
Pepper-ception
this mouse pad i found at Savers
A close up of the monster logo on a pull tab reveals it’s made by a bunch of squiggles.
My package from Italy came shipped in a pizza box
I don’t know about you, but due to my instincts whenever I look at pictures of the sun it makes me squint. How about you?
This box of barley grains has a slot in the top so you can use it as a tissue box when you're done with it.
Pilot writes ‘&lt;3 love’ in the air on Valentine’s day
This wet floor caution sign shaped like a banana
Broom can balance on itself
These funky looking speakers
Geometric ice formation in this puddle
My mom grew some celery from the end piece I was about to discard [OC]
Boiled this perfectly oval egg
An oval egg
The sun shining through my folded up glasses creates the illusion of another pair
So Panda Express now has Mexican coke. Is it a Chinese restaurant selling Mexican food or a Mexican restaurant selling Chinese food?
In Santa Cruz there’s a curb with a 24 minute parking limit...
Normal grapes vs 4 fused together
This overly-salted French Fry.
I got a post next to a post about that post. Posted 7 hours apart. Post
I got a post next to a post about that post. Posted 7 hours apart. Post
This case with 1 million dollars in $20 bills at the Chicago Fed Money Museum.
The lights that are out at this Speedway
The lights that are out at this Speedway
The lights that are out at this Speedway
This die has another one inside
Found a lifesaver lolipop
This white/translucent bell pepper in my compost pile
The hotel room I'm staying in has a glass panel on the floor so you can see the Priest's hiding hole originally accessed from this room.
I had a eye hemorrhage
Mutant strawberry
Someone was too lazy to remove the shelf when they took the wallpaper down.
The curtains in my room made a pinhole projection of the picket fence around my front yard (re-uploaded better quality)
Rain drops on a Tesla's glass roof, make it look like the sun's out, when it's not.
NHL benches have TV's installed on the floor where coaches stand to review plays for challenges.
The curtains in my room made a perfect pinhole projection of the picket fence around my front yard
NHL benches have a TV on the floor where the coaches stand, most likely for reviewing plays to see if they want to challenge it or not.
They gave me a Tootsie Pop with my fountain pen
Crimping a ziptie makes it clear
One of our band trailers left a pretty satisfying rectangle of snow around it.
Wasp skeleton trapped in gas station screen.
This guy’s custom camper shell
This candle fragrance
My cat has a forked tongue
This small box of playing cards
This carrot looks a bit inappropriate
The water on the pavement looked like a deer
A collection of actual ship figureheads at the Cutty Sark in London.
This opening in the ice on Valentine’s Day
Train that passed an intersection that was only 3 cars long
Tree started growing around a chain link fence, and this part stayed around after it died
Ice curling off the edge of one of my university building’s roofs
This showed up after cooking milk
I found this at my local beach today. Does anyone have any idea of what it is? I’m assuming it’s an old piece of coral.
Old cigarette machine using mechanical keyboard switches
my dad has kept this 2006 Night at the Muesum happy meal toy on his dresser for 14 years.
Panda Express gave me an empty, but completely sealed, fortune cookie bag
My bread has the number 5 on it
This 40 year old can I found in the woods
this creative Beetlejuice poster
The reflection on my car after it was washed
This map of Bruges has a 5 min walk measurement.
2 trees growing on a rock
Recently purchased a century home. The furnace from 1957 still works.
Why does this have two expiration dates and the same serial number?
The back of this cereal box has a cut out for “actual reality goggles.”
Something froze in a pyramid pattern under the snow to be uncovered
My lettuce from Trader Joe’s thinks I’m ugly
Made this catstle for my cats. Fo free!
Lotion came out in the perfect shape of a swan
The happiest fried egg I have ever seen
The rust on the back of this truck looks like draft beers.
My early 90s 1-800-COLLECT keychain that doubled as a tool to easily remove the plastic wrapping on new CDs
According to Spongebob, today is Annoy Squidward Day!
Left this tree stand on my deck. The ice did weird stuff to it.
115 year old postcard I found at work
This stapler tape dispenser combination.
My local Lidl kind of resembles the Cornucopia from the Hunger Games
An icicle hanging from a twig outside my window (mind the dirt)
Coronavirus sign in Doha airport
Tag off something I just bought. Material percentages changed with each language translation
Perfectly spherical courgette (zucchini for non Brits).
I dropped a bit of honey outside of their hive and they found it
A heart shaped cheerio I found on Valentines Day as I poured my daughter a bowl.
there's only moss on one side of this ditch
This pizza in the shape of a heart my mom made yesterday
there's only moss on one side of this dutch
Toilet paper from Airbnb I'm staying at.
My windshield this morning.
This tree broke and it lives like nothing happened
Apparently Tesla has Hearses
Amazon Echo Show box knows something I don’t, apparently
This pasta straw, in an Italian restaurant
The extinguisher at my gym
This strawberry hand fan.
A glitchy picture of my cat due to my phone's broken camera
This bar/laundromat’s ladies room is great for women who go in two at a time.
You can add 40mg of caffeine (they’re the size of a creamer)!
Banana Split
This extra thick Cheetoh
The cow on this cheese package is crying ):
Cake my grandmother made for my Uncle's (who is an entomologist, hence the insects) wedding.
Inverted picture of a double rainbow.
The way the ice in this bird bath froze
The hotel I’m at provides salt and pepper packets inside of a salt shaker
Hand shaped carrot.
Candle without solidified center
My dog trying to bite her squeaker through the camp chair cup holder
My pizza’s crust is garlic knots
Inside of a LEGO horse.
Saw this on my way to McDonald’s last night. I wonder what the story behind of this is?
An Oreo Os and Krave cereal mixture
Fire alarm in India
Building in Dubai
So, we got a bird feeder.
Valentine surprise [oc]
At the Amsterdam passport check, the British flag appears only on the "no entry" sign, presumably as a jab to the UK leaving the EU
This model from Dolar Tree looks like Jeffrey Epstein.
My drinks two stemmed cherry
Dragon Temple, Bangkok
The after math of Love-Day!
Figures made from fluorescent tubes and illuminated by UV light.
In winter you can see exactly where the U of Alberta returns the river water it removed to run its main cooling plant.
My forklifts digital timer.
This woman looks like the painting behind her is of her. Her name is Ruth.
Coincidence? I think not
This overhead rack on the train looks like a teenage mutant ninja turtle
This wall I saw on a card shop that had a Pikachu made of Pokémon cards
This wall I saw on a card shop that had a Pikachu made of cards
I started twisting this bag and a rope came out...
A friend ordered a drink on valentines, it came with a picture of Ryan Gosling
This hand dryer is actually an upside-down hair dryer
This tiny stop sign
I know it’s kinda late, but my girlfriend sent me this 10 dollar bill shaped like a heart ❤️
My parents both have their own cigarette stashes, and always fight about who's smoking whose cigs. Today I found their surveillance system.
A library at the beach to read while you relax. (Danang, Vietnam)
This bathroom has a cologne dispenser
This car has a drum kit on top of it
My school district finally added seatbelts to the school buses
Playing with phone camera .
a tree in the middle of the road
Apparently Tesla has hearses
Eating french fries and all of a sudden a shark tries to eat the unaware guy
jelly :P
Our Police made Beautiful Valentine's Day Cards
Smudge in the window looks like a penis, perfectly placed dried raindrops
The way this candle has melted over time
Customize your Phone Case with Hydro Dipping
This backup generator thing spotted in rural Sweden
A chalice made of a tank shell casting by a bored soldier in World War 1
This high school bathroom has a strange but cool sink
This dragon table
The curtains in my bedroom act as a camera obscura. The windows of the house across the street are projected onto the wall.
Hey, I went to that building in Bangkok today. Here’s a couple more photos. It’s the tallest in Thailand at 314 meters/78 stories.
My order number is same as my total amount
Every time I wash this blanket, it looks like this
My moms heart rate monitor is just a phone
My clementine had a smaller clementine inside it
This Chess board at the airport in Detroit MI
All Rivers by Nelson Minar
There was one large macaroni in my Easy Mac.
First person on reddit to get coronavirus (joke)
All Rivers by Nelson Minar
A baby tangerine inside my tangerine
Causes of death recorded in London, 1632
The shadow cast by the floor lights on this engine my brother is disassembling looks like a face
Got a burger at Cracker Barrel and the toothpick in it has a little barrel on top
Chain of bells in icicles
98% and 99% what are the 2% and 1%?
A Building with Morse Code Windows
The maintenance hours somehow went into interger underflow on a machine i was working on today.
Lollipop with no stick
Leaning on back of chair yields unfortunate imprint on palm
My toaster has a setting of how cooked you want your toaster
In Paris bathrooms. Soap on left, water in middle and blow drier on right
Blockchain coming to 80% of worldwide casino roulette tables over the next few years. Thats pretty cool.
The holes my cat made in my blackout curtains look like constellations
So, how old is he? Even though the bill is only in protest, I’m starting to see some merit...
I've never got number 000 before in McDonalds
The reflection of surroundings on freshly cleaned office building windows.
The reflection of surroundings on freshly cleaned office building windows.
The reflection of surroundings on freshly cleaned office building windows.
This is King Arthur and Guineveres castle, Camelot (or in real life: Château de Pierrefonds, France)
Nearly squashed this little guy in Greece
Popcorn man - this popped kernel looks like a French guy
Double Stuf Oreos in the UK are called Double Creme
A pepper inside a pepper.
This tree broke and formed it’s own archway
the view of the ocean currents and airport from the cn tower
This colourful image disappears completely if you keep staring at it.
Road maker making a road
How it's impossible to reach the pringles at the bottom.
This tri-grape I got yesterday
giant beer cans in china
This guy's pants make him look like he skips leg day.
My first Motorola, and it can display Chinese characters
Canned of pineapple pieces had another lid underneath
old danish beer bottle from before WWII
This guy removed as entire logo made from ice from his car. Orginal in comments.
The cast form of an ant colony
My trousers match the carpet.
Double stem shroom
We are like a pack of skittles to them...
A deer skull...
The kid who has 2 rows of teeth
My 'Death Dealer' poster for PVK Vegas.
Rubix cube in a bottle
This ATM screen has settings for different height vehicles.
My hotel lift in Hokkaido Japan removes static
My hotel life in Hokkaido, Japan removes static
This is microSD card standing straight up
The mushrooms seem to fluoresce under the UV leaking from my led torch
This manual contains a clock format conversion table
Telling it like it is
Telling it like it is
The way the lamp reflects off my tea makes it look like photoshop
This banana and their conjoined twin
I got my helium balloon to hover
I got my helium balloon to hover
My mobile network (O2) prints their logo on the inside of their letters.
This notification I received
Is it all one color?
The Rubik‘s on my shelf
These snowflakes with very clear shapes
Matching colours
Matching colours
The first note was issued by the British Government in the 1930s
I’m sure a lot of people know this, but 4 is not a good number in Korea
My Pringle has a weird fold in it but is otherwise normal
This Screen on a mirror
This dying fish tea diffuser
Plantable calendar made from recycled paper!
Has anybody else got this
My local irish pub (in the Netherlands) offers a €0 ‘Canadian Breakfast’ that includes a pat on the back and painkillers.
My Valentines Day Card
My breakfast perfectly displaying my extreme dislike of routine
In this ted talk, at 15:00, you can see a guy unlocking his phone, and see his password clearly.
This macaron shop sells messed-up macarons for a cheaper price (roughly 75 cents). No waste here.
Got a very large egg. Turned out there was another egg inside.
What he done this time?
The moon the other night kinda looked like another street lamp.
Lisbon tram operator adjusting destination sign while holding a small mirror in one hand
This shop has a hammer for people to test the durability of the lens
The regular price is cheaper than the sale price.
Saw a post earlier about a Japanese Arisaka, and thought I would show you my dads Karabiner 98K. Was made in Nazi Germany in 1940, before ending up in the Israeli Defence Force. Very Ironic
A fairy house my girlfriend made.
A bungy chord made from several tiny elastic strings.
This movie theater bathroom has complimentary mouthwash.
My flower food packet says flowers are 100% satisfying and zero calories
The motel I'm staying in has an anti-fog mirror.
My mum's old bathroom scale was made in West Germany
when you meet a girl weeb.
The timing. (It says: Stop putting blankets on statues
A sky scraper in bangkok
White hibiscus flower turned half light pink
My Ganda was a US tank driver in WW2 and he brought back two pistols that were surrendered to him. One was given to my father and then was passed down to me after his death. My Ganda just celebrated his 95th birthday.
Today marks the 10 year anniversary of the day my Kobo died on this screen while trying to connect to the wifi and the power went out at the same time! (Screen still hasn’t turned off and can’t do anything to it)
Today marks the 10 year anniversary of the day my Kobo died on this screen while trying to connect to the wifi and the power went out at the same time! (Screen still hasn’t turned off and can’t do anything to it)
My green onions cut like hearts
The way the sun reflects on my bike’s headlight
This restaurant’s urinals have headrests
In a toilet cubicle in Kuala Lumpur airport.
My grandma worked as a nurse in the U.S many years ago. These are her fridge magnet collections from different states she's been. She's Filipino.
The flowers my girlfriend bought me started to grow a second bloom after a month!
It’s rained enough that the water level of the creek next to my house is at 47 feet, 2 more photos and a brief explanation in the comments
The world map appeared on my beer glass
My fiancé makes me cereal themed Valentine’s Day cards every year
the way my mom forms her chapstick with use
The man standing in the photo is being reflected in the primary mirror of the Hubble Telescope during construction.
faster than bolt ?
This laminated leaf bookmark I bought from my local thrift store.
My giant pencil my mom gave me
Chipped paint on my cabinet looks like a bird
A whale vertebrae with a megalodon tooth stuck in it
This Burger King in Thailand offers Chilli Sauce instead of Mayonnaise
My fridge froze the sides and top of my iced tea
A whale vertebrae with a megalodon stuck in it
This really big hula hoop
This is what happens when you leave a half full bottle of peppermint schnapps for over a year. Had to cut the bottle open to get the big one out. It's pure sugar
Walking in my wife’s local park, we came across this, not quite what I expected...
Entertainment center made of snake enclosures.
Boat misses Port Everglades entrance
This droplet of water on my kitchen floor from my fridge’s water dispenser.
Arisaka info (in comments)
The PERFECT i
My bananas look like they have a shower cap on
The dry ice in this cocktail makes it bubble
THE perfect package of strawberries
This perfectly round and rather small nugget
An old prismacolor marker. Can find any matching pics.
If you call out Russian troll accounts sometimes they get mad...
This reusable zip tie.
The way these 2 random movies popped up and make sense as 1 movie together. Had me confused for a few seconds before I clicked it and realized.
Pepperidge Farm changed their Goldfish flavor logo
I put on weight for an acting role
Rather unprofessional sign at my local Canadian Tire. What the hell happened here?
Online store closes to observe Shabbat
Montezuma II Quetzal headdress
This double palm tree looks like a heart
I really wanted to push it.
The first time I’ve seen a more inclusive Barbie with larger hips.
I rolled up this tinfoil ball with my hands, and it's satisfyingly round.
This cool children’s book I found yesterday
This raccoon walking across the power lines in my backyard.
This raccoon walking across the power lines in my backyard.
This strawberry I grew.
This fan says BTOOP
yeah bro oh, you're not institutionalized... That's not your identity at all, , boy scout right?
This apple rotted in the shape of a heart.
Free movies at a library in Singapore.
Just a dog from New Orleans...
This double cactus (cacti?) looks like a heart
Preserved candy from 1964 that we opened today.
There were no wafers in one half of my kit-kat mini
This restaurant has paper straws
Divorce Sale!
my dad's car has a cupholder in front of the ac so your drink stays cold.
Ready to be retired. Nice.
Tonight I got super compliments on this 40+ year old sweater that I found in the basement of the house we bought from my husband's grandmother. It's older than me.
This train which trains the other trains how to train
The Fruit that makes chocolate possible!
This tortilla shell has a smiley face, thought it was slightly creepy but also cute
Pulled the ice cube tray from the freezer and noticed this reverse icicle.
This crack in my shower that looks like a monkey with ski goggles on
Some sideways Kit-Kat my mom found
A very specific bottle of cleaning wipes found at a Canadian cannabis production facility.
The charger that came with my speaker can plug in either way
The patterns on the clouds from above.
When you've had 25 Valentine's together
There's a giant sculpture in New Zealand that gives the illusion of being a cartoon piece of paper on a hilltop
Cat likes nachos
The Lolli I was sucking on turned into a Crimson axe.
Restaurant inflated gratuity guidelines
Google developer's little joke when searching anagram
My banana slice kinda looks like a dog. Specifically, a mildly depressed Bichon Frise.
These horizontal icicles
The horizontal icicles
This old man version of Harry Styles in a Psych textbook
My husband made me an Illusionist Locket for Valentine’s Day!
The way my card pressed in to the leather of my wallet
My buddy and I’s different coats with the same material
This giant treehouse with windows and a wrap around balcony.
This water fountain has a place to refill your bottles/cups. And even counts how many it’s saved.
Van with effective advertising.
This tile was made to look like a leaf and succeeded
The way the light hit my drinks
Me and my wife split a truffle heart for Valentines day, it isnt much, but it felt special to us. Happy Valentines day to all of you.
Clouds that look like the Raven coming alive.
This ice cube froze with a perfect triangle in the middle
This bathroom has a dark light
This is so creepy. Do people think it’s true?
So there was this guy who had a Samsung but was using apple earbuds...
My boyfriend pulled out these connected gummy bears from his package of Haribo bunnies.
What’s your longest timer?
The Valentine's dance at my school fogged up the doors and windows
The foam on my beer glass looks like a rough world map
I saw a blimp today.
I am in northern Wyoming, pre production car from Michigan?
this fans blade are two fans
A WWII exhibit in Thailand about the "Inventor of the first atomic bomb" Albert Einstein.
This Rock Looks Like A Bagel
This chonker of a spud I got.
A strawberry that I found.
My dads hobby is abstract painting
This wet floor sign at a local restaurant I went to.
A huge bark that survived all the way from factory to our home
I somehow have perfectly faced features for this particular mask (and sorry I look scary)
This sign in the washroom of a farm in the middle of nowhere.
There is a system of small trains that run under the US Capitol buildings
The stain on this wooden table makes my drink look like it’s spilled
I got a croissant that looks like a frog
Heart shaped filet for Valentine’s Day
Oh good, someone found my pants..
Small Fingerprints In The Brick of our 1840s House
Kitty in a heart steak
My school uses shoe laces to fix lacrosse sticks.
This cake container
Tattoos referencing the viral video, “Drinking out of Cups,” which was rumored to be a guy tripping on LSD in a closet. Even more interesting, it turned out to instead be school project on local language idiosyncrasies.
This perfect rhombus tortilla chip I ate.
This cake container
My daughter's soccer ball stuck in a tree
Tiny bananas that my dad planted growing up nearby my house.
Minion Graffiti on a Train
A Japanese rifle my great-grandfather brought back with him after serving in New Guinea in WWII
The Tube tracks in London are used for cargo trains as well
Strawberry Coca Cola
Shoe logo looks like a swastika.
This milk expires on Valentine’s Day
The sticker on my banana.
Shirt that allows you to tell someone exactly where to scratch
My local supermarket has a flat bread making machine
This water bottle is completely full
A buffalo head with a really small face
This man took his cat for a walk in Rome
Reddit is not a word
green onion shaped as a heart; happy Valentine’s Day!
Shopping list for tomorrow
Don’t know if this is regular, but this mini-fridge at this hotel has a screen displaying the temperature, not only that, but it has a button to switch the temperature between Fahrenheit and Celsius so that foreign travelers can understand it.
This sign for the men’s room at Honolulu International Airport.
Different planets orbit paths
This food is close to my nickname ~ Pri pri
This apparently is a real movie
This tractor made out of hay
Popeyes chicken has shrunk by half sing Burger King bought them out
People in chicago wear covers on their shoes. Protect the timberlands at all costs
Cross Section Of Wooden Water Pipe Used In The 1800s
I went on a tour at a farm today, and was given a cob of popcorn at the end
My sixlets only had “fivelets”
My window down button in my car looks like the state of Florida.
Something I drew is school compared to a mirror image of Vincent van Gogh's "starry night"
Cotton candy somewhat matches my hoodie
The way this roll of paper towels has perforated lines vertically and horizontally for smaller pieces to be torn off.
Subway receipt says lettuce know
Interesting redditor
This sketch some unknown person left in the breakroom
A happy sight after a stressful week
This sink faucet
The way this remote reflects it's logo
I also want my steak with kisses
My hamburger bun is shocked I'm about to eat it.
For a few years now we've had a tin of preserved candy from 1964 sitting in our basement. We finally opened it today. And yes, it tastes pretty good.
Redbull in a glass bottle (from Greece)
This automated Chess board depicts a live streamed game happening somewhere else
Today is my brother's birthday! We had chocolate strawberries and you could see the spots where the seeds sit... (Happy birthday bro)
Chechnyan Mob
Saw this Jeep-boat on my way to work.
The liquor store forgot to give a description to this wine.
My touch lamp can be activated with my metal side table.
Smallest house in Amsterdam
I decided to peel a lemon and was very surprised with the outcome
I went to use the restroom and found a time capsule.
Today I bought a coffee at 3:33:33
How individual arabic letters join together
This rock has a face
This quarter I got as change
The way the paint on my work van chipped kinda looks like a fish
the way the vegetable oil forms around the inside of my pan in water. (BTW turkey tacos &gt;&gt;&gt;)
this double chicken nugget
Bought headphones. Someone in the factory wrote something inside the box they came in.
Regularly $3.99
This ladybug without any spots (sorry for bad quality)
This leaf looks like an aerial shot of fields
The original bathroom heater, installed when the house was first built (1960s). Still works.
Never seen a dime like this before.
The kleenex makes the power light look bigger
Got my girlfriend succulents for her birthday today. We went back to the store to get more stuff then she made this. I’m so impressed.
A bouquet of flowers shaped into a heart
Working Dogs have to wear safety goggles in hazardous environments
Wasn’t really sure where else to post this? If you live in the American NorthEast right now, there is an amazing view of Venus to the south west. With any amateur telescope or binoculars you can get a great view of the Queen of the night sky.
This Chinese buffet lists items in English and Chinese on their receipts.
Both of the peppers my husband seeded had baby peppers inside
This old wrinkled tree
Bathroom rules at one of our customers.
Apparently,if you flair you nose with a celebrity look alike website,your nostrils will also show up on their face
just chillin here
My dog (black lab) recently had one of her lower canine teeth pulled and the root is MUCH larger than expected.
The toilets in my university use harvested rainwater to flush down the poopoo
My receipt is warning me that the fish I bought contains fish.
the angle and reflection of the water glass makes it look like a chunk of the soda can is gone
Heart shaped bagel bite I found in my pack on Valentine’s Day.
A Pine tree but it's trunk is as thick as a branch. What kind of tree is this?
I got a burn mark that kind of resembles California
My Ding Dong got filled twice.
There is a lovely village in Saskatchewan named Love. It’s north-east of Prince Albert.
Found an interesting misprint in one of my notebooks today
Ice heart around my backup camera. Happy Valentines Day!
Someone made these at the crocs store (R.I.P)
Found this sad kitty message at a deli on Valentine's Day
Levi’s jeans have their logo on on the zipper
Ice heart around my back up cam. Happy Valentines Day all!
This watermelon doesn’t have black seeds
Hair Cut and a Drink with Ocean Views
Hair Cut and a Drink with Ocean Views
My odometer this morning
Pharaoh Nefertiti in the remains of a metal winecap
On February 14, a mass wedding attended by more than 50 couples was officiated by a local town mayor. The couples were provided free rings, a buffet lunch for their sponsors, and free wedding photos by pro-photographers.
Layer patterns in the snow on a windy afternoon in MN.
This bear drawn into a coffee at Nami island, South Korea
This United Air Lines menu card (60s?) I found in a first edition of "The Gulag Archipelago" bought at a thrift store.
Heartbroken. Today a coworker came to my office and offered this to me. Not sure how to handle his love declaration. Any advise ?
The urinal at my moms work, those drain holes remind me of something...
The way the shadows spell “hi” on the sidewalk below my office building
The circle ice on the plane
On airplanes chip cover things do this probably because of the high altitude.
Nice car in Vienna
The Big banana fun park on Australia's east coast has wet floor signs shaped like banana peels.
I live my entire live near this lake and have only just realized it kinda looks like a anatomically correct heart
Found this heart shaped raspberry today!
This remaining chunk of cake looks like fish
My pepper was growing another smaller pepper inside it.
The up &amp; up logo can also be down and down.
My four way popcorn that came out of my cone.
A branch recently fell in my Dad’s yard during a storm and was embedded upright in the ground.
A mom &amp; her son at Frogner Park in Oslo, Norway
Vitamins are retards
Just doesn’t work on a broom
Metal Airline Cards from defunct airlines
Dandelions caught on a spiderweb
These 2 knives in one plastic casing.
What Teeth Look Like On Styrofoam
I saw the pi sign on a sauce bottle while I was eating at nandos
The "Babies R us" sign is backwards so they put it upside down to make it kinda readable
My rolling papers have a little magnet to keep them closed.
That "babies R us" title is upside down
Was looking through some photos from my childhood while I was home from university and I came across this note in one of the envelopes of film
Malfunctioning Corn That Grew In Our Garden
I got two for one of my chocolates
Vitamins are retards
Roach stuck in a spiders web
Screwthread shaped sunlight pattern formed by the shades of my window between the curtain gap
My Korean moisturizer came with cartoons on the inside of the box
Finished a whole pen ink cartridge
Colours of books
Found a heart in the snow while walking home on valintines day!
Washed up Puffer Fish on the beach.
This conjoined starburst jellybean
A radio tower disguised as a tree
This control tower isn’t rendered in yet
This pretzel stick did a full 180
First time the light went right on the display of my oven.
Random stripped copper wire bent into fancy number 3 by chance
A mini pepper in a pepper
The hotel I’m staying at has a room reserved for Vladimir Lenin
A large chunk of seasoning from my chip bag. Bottle cap for reference.
This board we just pulled off of my house while demoing has written on it: 16#8705, 1915. That's a Sears Roebuck catalogue part number in, you guessed it... 1915. This means my house was built in 1915.
Local business wanted solar panels but didn’t want it to be obvious
This orange trapped underwater
Dinner in France
My herbs tells me the farmers name and where they were grown
The frost on my car the other night
Arizona bottle without brown coating
My Redbud kicked out it's first leaf for valentines day and it's heart shaped.
Hotel bathroom has a mirror fan so it doesn’t fog
Decided to take my keyboard home from work to clean it...
There’s wear on the floor in the spots that quarters repeatedly fall out
Field Museum habitat map still shows 1938 borders, Anschluss included.
What you do for me, I love.
Found out these machines ran on Raspberry
A lemon that I grew in my backyard
This pizza box fitting perfectly
A set of stairs washed up on local beach..
The grapes my mom got
My Uber drivers name is Damieon. The total is $6.66 and it’s Friday the 13th. Should I be worried?
This pen with a maze and two ball bearings inside
I got the milk the right height not to spill
Abercrombie and Fitch's way of using change rooms
Did the developer make a statement about its target audience or am I overthinking?
The kids at my school like to break the locks on bathroom stalls
I dropped a skittle and it cut perfectly in half
First ever complete song with lyrics discovered.
Water Bottle Ice Ball. Frozen water in a water bottle formed a frozen ball around an air pocket hovering all over the inside of the ball, and on the outside (zoom in) formed ice shards all around the outside.
This McDonald’s drive-thru
Water Bottle Ice Ball
This book found in the workplace driveway.
Automated herbaceous cutting sticking machine at Four Star Greenhouses (MI).
I found Johnny Bravo in my hotel shower
Office worker’s ball of visitor passes
Sideways KitKat wafer
Bought a WW2 flare gun from England
*Angry pineapple noise
This creepy face I kept seeing around the Vatican today
A theoretical direct flight from London to Auckland would fly north-northeast.
My remote controlled LED light bulb has Lighting Facts (Nutrition Facts) on the side of the box.
My microwave is uneven, cooked part of the beef while defrosting
Our Police Force made Valentine's Day Cards for our Most Wanted
My Valentine's day present was a little different this year but I am NOT complaining
This creepy face I kept seeing around the Vatican today
This Backwoods x Rick and Morty rolling tray
how this happened
I had a test today and noticed that my school covered up the original desk with a new layer of wood.
Domino’s Pizza has it’s own registered tartan
My electric razor cover looks like an alien face mask.
Sign in Alabama
This tiny piece of "battlefield acupuncture" that just came out of my ear.
These metal shavings on my magnet.
Amorous Amphibians
Oragami cranes I made with my test Scantron
I finished a lip balm container before I lost it
This tiny dud
Oragami cranes I made with my Business and finance yes Scantron
This person's way of transport
UFO in the clouds
Hotel i'm in takes the issue out of ordering.
My first fully emptied pen after working 5 months of writing.
Interesting coincidence by sorting by new.
Two of the random candies my girlfriend got me for me Valentine's Day: Vegetable flavored candy (actually is pretty good lol) and a candied cricket (which is a huge NOPE) lol
Ketchup Flavored chips sold in Vancouver
Panda Express fork can turn in to chopsticks.
Isn’t this just perfect?
Perfect
Why yes, I would love to read a 15 year old car magazine while waiting for my doctor appointment
The bizarre chemical burn I got from a stink bug.
The way the snow falls on these Buddha statues is symmetrical.
This Ben &amp; Jerry’s flavor that is returning. I’m stoked.
This house with a replica Little Library in front
This not-dishwasher-safe pomade tub that turned into a dome after I put in the dishwasher
Peanut mobile and The Oscar Meyers Wiener spotted together. What concoction are they cooking up
This bird poop splat on my friends car.
This company's business card.
The way the salt is tracked in by commuters heading to the train station
I saw this nostalgic reminder of a bygone era while driving to work yesterday.
The way my glue sticks arranged in this bucket
Raindrops align to make a perfect sideways L
Solid garlic
This box of unusually big strawberries. (Penny for size comparison)
This pizza we got on Valentine's day
The amount of members
This tin can with foil, missing it's original lid
Silo in Arkansas pretty cool
Cat's jaw held in place with a button after fracture
If you tilt your head to the left, there's a good boi doing a blep in the Kuhl logo
The way the snow curls from the roof
My nail clippers are slightly magnetic
This copy of minecraft for sale near me
My drink straw
Above the clouds
This is from the coin and banknote collection my grandfather gave me this year.
I was given a chunk of hashbrown at IHOP today.
My school has carpet that looks like wood flooring
Happy Valentines Day Reddit
Van converted to a pickup? No tags no problem.
This business card
I was given a chunk of hashbrown at IHOP today.
This local business has a hippo they decorate for the holidays
Pink Roses and Red Carnations under different colors if light
The sun shines on these curved bricks in an interesting way
Saturn has a moon called Mimas which looks like the death star
Laser pointer pointed at my camera.
These brand new shoes look like they have popcorn bits stuck to the bottom.
Hold My Beer...
This vintage Valentines Card
My ticket stub for Shrek (2001)
These brand new shoes look like they have popcorn bits stuck to the bottom.
White orchid bloom in the sun. The petals look like styrofoam.
My dog likes to sleep with her stuffed animal.
This vintage Valentines Card
How the circles in my bathroom change to hearts with the change in perspective
This box just showed up at our door with nothing but a tiny bottle of disappearing ink inside
This single centered bubble in my hot chocolate.
KitKat mini bar without wafer layers (solid milk chocolate)
One million dollars in $100 bills at the Chicago Fed.
This dog’s eye spot looks like South America.
Happy Valentine's Day
Hard-boiled egg yolk came out heart-shaped on Valentine’s Day O_o
[OC] Apple has recently reached 1 trillion dollar company benchmark, which many country haven't. These guys were way ahead of the time, I guess.
This Massive Couch
Little Miata looks sad
This Icicle Structure At the Base of a Water Tower
This painting of a mountain in my colleague’s office has a picture of my dog in it (full painting in comments)
Built in glass cutting board (credit to u/CunningSlytherin for pointing it out)
This random door in the stairwell
A Old (Now Closed) Chinese Restaurant in Chinatown Chicago
I think I’ll take my chances on the “slower” route, thanks though
The mountain painting in my colleague’s office has a picture of my dog in it
My favorite hat
These aluminium panels made to look like wood
This McD’s has Valentine’s Day lights up.
The way this pen broke this straw.
This built-in glass drying rack
This Iron Lung
I was about to throw my super old ipad away, then I got this idea. Now i have the best showers ever!
A tiny truck being hauled by a van.
unsweetened tea having soapy looking bubbles at the top
This McD’s has Valentine’s Day lights up.
This kettle chip I found on Valentine's Day.
About seven stories tall, Giant Rock in the Mojave Desert.
Instead of buying a new handle, this punk bar just replaced it with the door stopper.
This print misplaced the gas hole
This Reece’s cup had two wrappers
The notifications on my phone lined up to look like a bleeped out swear word.
My bong after it froze and I took the top off
This egg dispenser I found in Croatia
This ice cube froze in a weird way.
This egg dispenser I found in Croatia
A Lindt Chocolate Wrapper Without The Chocolate
This egg dispenser I found in Croatia
Amazon Whole Foods advertises their products not only to humans but also to the aliens from the movie Arrival (2016)
Bought an Album that came with crayons to draw your own artwork
My chicken nugget I got today.
Someone backed into this snow bank and left an almost perfect impression of their bumper
I can only find my favorite flavor of oatmeal at a Chinese grocery store (99 ranch)
My shower gel and bubble bath lined up so perfectly.
This screw without threads
Plane that carried citizens out of China decontaminated, cleaned and ready to go.
This is what is looks inside a mouse
The way ice patterns form on this car trunk
These frost formations on my window
Reflection of my sparkling water can in the sun
The fact that it was a big enough problem for Maine to create "An act to prevent the arrest of dead bodies." during its very first legislative session
My library's receipts now include an estimate of how much you saved by using the library instead of purchasing your books from a store
This air freshener in a hearse
The cat of an acquaintance who decided to sleep on top of some makeup.
The piping in this electrical room looks like the old windows screensaver.
These decorative roses at work that are actually made of feathers.
Visual representation of my weight gain through my 20s. First belt was when I was 19. Turning 30 in 2 weeks.
The way I balled up my favourite socks
Cool lights in a airplane i was in.
The inside of a chocolate-covered strawberry's shell
The stools at this bar are used kegs
The inside of a chocolate-covered strawberry's shell
Yoplait really loaded this container of yogurt up to the brim.
Gluteus Maximus. Statue at clients house.
The wind caused this traffic light to swing open.
The way the water froze on my broken downspout
Unevenly pre-sliced bread
My third grader wrote “Logan Licks Loins” as part of an alliteration assignment. He meant lions.
The light’s reflection off this urinal assembly at Target looks like Spider-Man
This snow sculpture
This walnut I found in my garden
Cats celebrating LOVE
my school is filled with MEMES
This playhouse has solar roof
Bagel place has heart shaped bagels today I guess
Because of Valentine they changed the energy icon into a heart shap
I was watching the Simpsons while this happened
Laundry symbols explained!
Damage to old citadel in Hanoi from cannons from a French ship about 3km away. 1880s
Cat in the hedges
This folded Pringle
My chocolate came with a picture of a waterfall
Two tree roots following a crack trying a find each other.
Fire Extinguisher art at the office
I got curious this morning and decided to look this up just because
Cannabis wishes you a happy Valentine’s Day
Comparing penmanship in 1906 between a Japanese artist (left) and a White businessman (right)
This perfectly spherical piece of sea glass.
Not my pic but....
My chocolates tell what type each one is
Cannabis wishes you a happy Valentine’s Day 💚
The info on the back of the Holes DVD is oriented in landscape perspective
Seen at the airport in Chicago
Morning light in my room makes the poster appear more realistic
Saw this thing. Was mildly interested.
I have a book that has a message from 1892
This albino roach
Only got half a Life Saver
I got 3 Double Yolk eggs in a row (4 total from this carton)
This clover I found on Valentine’s Day while searching for four leaf clovers
The rubber on this caster expands when frozen (Canada -45c) warm caster for scale
Frozen beach towel
My cinema ticket collection dating back to 2011
I ended up with the spliced end on my toilet paper roll.
Storing books outside in public area
This is an old 25¢ note I found
The straw I got this morning was sealed on the end.
This guy's shirt on Vals Day
The way this I've froze in a cup
My chic fi la breakfast came with a heart shaped biscuit this morning.
Heart-shaped peanut just in time for Valentine's day
My kitchen cabinet has a half-peeled sticker from AT&amp;T during it’s modern bell system era
This guy's shirt on Vals Day
This guy's shirt on Vals Day
This kit kat that was wrapped upside-down
The moon through a three pane glass window.
The way the snow melted at this building where stray cats live
my drool on my pillow from last night left a heart 😂 ❤️ happy valentine’s day
Accidental smiley face on the driveway
True love
The way the ice forms on my garage door windows
This wall trophy looking cat in the hedges aka “The watcher”
This repaired hole in the warehouse floor reminds me of King Hippo everytime I walk past it.
My strawberry has a parasitic twin
I have this random follicle on my arm that insists on growing nail-like hair
5 gallon bucket of soy sauce
Teachers desk at my school is also a whiteboard
This big grape with no seeds in it.
Donald Trump Money
Our trees are budding here in Virginia, mid-Februrary
The license plate matches the logo
The door handles to this dental clinic is a giant mouth mirror and curette
Donald Trump Money
Unhappy egg wants out of the pickle jar.
The way these two different pizzerias' flyers overlap
I cashed a check and the bank gave me 3 generations of the $100 bill.
I cashed a check and the bank gave me 3 generations of the $100 bill.
Midly modern
This escalator in Japan
the way this paint chipped off
Human go pro
My hand shook when taking a pic of the fries, I like this outcome more
The hole in this table looks like earth seen from space
Ice crystals that look like leaves.
The sunset beautifully getting reflected on this building
Most used words from all speeches given by US President's (credit to Cheddar Media)
My local fish &amp; chip shop names the boat your catch came in on.
This fancy rolling luggage at the airport
The excess beer froth at the bar I work at looks like a dog.
The excess beer froth at the bar I work at looks like a dog.
This Star Wars-themed Valentine's Day card
I’d like to know the story behind this sign on the lift in our local parking garage
Toilet paper packaging that can be used as a garbage bag
These straws happened to be arranged in the colours of the flag of France
The shadow looks like a cats eye
The leak in my espresso machine made the foam in my coffee look like a dick
This water stain looks like a face
The sunrise lined up nicely with the end of this hallway
Here's a picture of a very fast knight biking at incredibly high speeds on grass
There are only two settings
This cardboard insert that came with my wife’s new socks
Nice broom dj-Khaled
This triple carrot.
Two flames on a candle merged into one.
My mom got me custom-made M&amp;Ms
My pretzels were joined and made connecting love hearts. Coincidentally, it is valentines day today
Apparently a new 'Lake' found on Mars.
Found a magical tree pulling in to work this morning. Might be a solid side quest...
Accidentally dropped my $25 single use film camera c.1999. Got this cool surprise when the film was developed a month later,
The shape of these clouds
The shape of these clouds
The shape of these clouds
Got this on profit sharing day...PAYOUT!
This pattern of snow on my bricks this morning
This picture of my dogs makes their size difference seem extremely exaggerated
This surprisingly detailed selfie I took
I found the couple from that meme in my french text book.
My grocery store has heart shaped steaks for Valentine's Day.
This tree shaped like a brain
This "don't slip" sign is a banana peel
Three Sulphur-crested Cockatoos
My local pizza joint sells their large Pepperoni pizza cheaper than the medium.
Corks used in a botanical garden so the plants cant sting the caretakers.
I keep finding these
This bruise I got kinda looks like a heart (on Valentines Day)
This building in NYC known as "The Bubble House"
Introduce kids to dying... or becoming deaf in some cases
my taki was inside of another taki.
Introduce kids to dying... or becoming deaf in some cases
The way my wisdom tooth grew, until yesterday
That time back in 2015 a truck carrying only onions rolled over on a hill behind my house
The way these images lined up in my gallery
This ATM screen has settings for different height vehicles.
KitKat only had half a wafer
MindGeek’s headquarters in Quebec- owners of PornHub.
Popcorn stash at a Vue cinema in the UK. Not even fresh
This honeycomb pattern my non-stick pan made
These jigsaw pieces are shaped like animals etc
A card to certify the people who prepared your takeout are not sick [Shenzhen, China]
New skript, nice.
French for 4 sided grater
The inner shape of this random popsicle stick creation i made
The inner shape of this random popsicle stick creation i made
The English Language
The English Language
Fire extinguisher graffiti in office
Home screen valentine's Day search bar
Found this book from 2000 today. Actually has geocities in here.
The light reflecting off my dogs eye
What he done this time?
The way the watermelon are cut today
The way watermelon are cutted for Valentine's day
Bulgarian pharmacies have what you need
I don’t know if this is the right subreddit but I found a minecraft house irl
This badger badger badger has a gun
This barbershop raised their price (1500→1600 yen) with a well-placed red tape
Started colouring my latest commissioned artwork
This barbershop raised their price (1500 → 1600 yen) with a well-placed red tape
My city (HK) puts miniature models of rooms in the ground as bricks
This pen had it’s label printed on it three times
At the local dentist office
I work in a diabetic eye screening clinic. One of my colleagues took this photo today.
This water droplet stuck on my hair
Turning off my edison bulb
There's a charging point under the seats of this bus I took
This Valentine's day poem
I took a slow-mo video of me turning off my edison bulb
The shadow from this building alligned almost perfectly with the sidewalk
This barcode on a history atlas
Same colour order.
This bunch has different coloured flowers.
If you ever wondered what it was like above your office ceiling tiles
A whole pencil "sharpened"
Tomato looks like it has stitches
Tomato has stitches
My friends iPhone matches the table, it’s like camouflage
I’m sure there is a witty caption for this.
In case somebody still needs instructions for a zipper
The way these weird pieces bubbled up in this pan.
The KPN building in Groningen (Netherlands), has the shape of a phone book.
Singular flower growing amongst grass.
This dumbell shaped water bottle I found at my local supermarket
My daughter knocked a can of pop off the table
Mystery Flavored pringles
While I was watching Master Chef season 10 and smoking. I started eating my Girlfriends last Reese’s Big Cups... I found one of the cups had three wraps while the other just had one.
Descriptive ‘TacTiles’
These rocks has perfect lines on them
Messed up this fudge and it looks like fried chicken
My phone is a hipster?!?
Found the motherlode in my cereal today
My train in Japan has a ticket slot on the seat
The unread notification on Discord servers lines up with the After Effects progress Bar
Saw this happy little fellow today
This machine instructs you to push buttons with your thumbs, not your fingers
Tent/dome over football field in northern Sweden.
i got 2 windows in my seat
This dry patch of shower curtain looks a bit like Great Britain
These clouds aligned in a straight line
The way portrait mode blurred the wine glass.
The stubs below PS4 have the same symbols as the controller
These grapes
This tangerine(s) my parents grew
The store I work at keeps a family tree of all the workers
Instead of sun shades, this plane has a button that increases/decreases the brightness from outside
A 4lb can of tuna
The security strip on this $5 bill
Found a heart shaped tomato today!
Chai residue in my mug shaped like Africa
My thermostat displays a Heart today on valentines day
This bathroom's handicapped stall has it's own handwashing station
This regional newspaper in my area has a special column for Reddit posts.
A piece of the Berlin Wall my stepdad brought back from his trip.
My avocado pit was split in half.
The regional newspaper in my area has a special column for reddit posts....
This Quartz Table Looks Like Fresh Meat
Sectoral Heterochromia
The way the ice is sliding off the trunk of my Volvo.
Clear water is overrated. Black water is in
In central and southern Oregon the forests are logged in a checkerboard pattern when seen from space.
This laserDisk I found.
This ad/instructions made to look like a newspaper
The Barcodes on this Bag of Chips
These berries on the ceiling of a casino.
Life imitates art
I've managed to keep using this pencil for years and now it's very short; the ends are in a pencil sharpener cap and eraser cap and it's like the tiny pencil is in a capsule. (Regular pencil, without anymore eraser, for scale)
This koala chilling on my side fence
Found this today....
A weird baby carrot.
Oxygen bubbles trapped inside molten copper
I dipped my finger in melted wax many times
Warning!!!
These heart-shaped marshmallows look like human mouths when you bite into them.
I found a Swedish Fish shaped Sour Patch Kid in my Sour Patch Kids
This local retailer took a picture of this fan and didn't notice their cursor got in the picture.
The way my spaghetti formed into a brick
This shark has the word “I Am” on their side
I received an offer today, 2/13/2020, valid Sept/Oct 2019.
This is Manila bay "Then and Now" side by side comparison after the effort to restore it.
This albino M&amp;M in an otherwise normal bag
My baby got this Vomiting Egg yesterday
This plant that grew on a crack in the side of the wall
My History Teacher / Film club owner is hosting a 12 hour Nicolas Cage movie marathon
Deep Freeze and The Wave trying to merge and make one Mega Movie. Looks like it's going to be good!!
$2 bill notepad/money pad
You can put the lid of your fast food drink on the bottom to catch spills
I broke my phone’s camera
Flash freezing and wind knocked my downspout off, creating an icy horror show.
A delivery I ordered for Valentine’s Day rounded my subtotal to 5 quadrillionth! (check my math please)
Rave lights made with a high powered flashlight and my sweater.
A delivery I ordered for Valentine’s Day rounded my subtotal to 5 quadrillionth! (check my math please)
I've installed an infrared camera and now I can see Bobby's infrared sensors, they look like headlights. FYI, Bobby is my Roomba
Found half an upvote in my house
These perfectly molded refried beans.
Installed an infrared camera and now I can see my Bobby's infrared sensors. Looks like he has headlights now. FYI, Bobby is my Roomba
Products that have “best by” with that of the leap day.
The way the snow formed a roll on my windshield this morning
Best use of thermochromics in mugs I’ve ever seen
I found a juvenile among our baby carrots.
Signs on store freezer prove that the employees did exactly what the Freezer people said to do AND making sure everyone else does, too.
No tricks, iPhoneXR looking into a mug pointed at my monitor.
Had "Maverick"s jet from the new Top Gun movie land at my work today
Found this in a bag of baby carrots.
The temperature and odometer in my car were all 7s today
The sign for Kern Village is very poorly-kerned.
Frankfinger sausages
Hot extra spicy potato chips has actual chili added.
Staircase to nowhere (Subiaco, WA, Australia)
Extra spicy potato chips with real chili included.
Hotel room has an extending faucet
The way this snow made icicles, sorta slid off the roof, then made more icicles
I was picking dirt off my shoe and this piece of dirt looks like a guy carrying a big axe.
This coffee cup that's shaped like a prescription bottle.
For any holiday, my landlord puts these cute gay little bags of goodies and I love them. I'm almost sad I'm moving from this place.
We grew a multicolored bell pepper and...
The inside of my 9V was 6 AAAA batteries in series.
One of my matches is missing the tip
Why are there rags in the gas tank
This perfectly peeled blueberry in my bowl of frozen fruit
This Billboard in LA
This Gun that folds into a card. (LifeCard 22LR)
A hole in my chip today
This Clock Which Tells The phase Of the Moon It Will Be In
I got a g-max star sweet French alcreamie
Display instructions for store candy box display
An interesting title
The Billboard in LA
This Apartment Home sign in Salt Lake City
I found a boarding pass from 1989 in a used copy of “Chaos”, a book about chaos theory and the butterfly effect
Seems like a normal photo until closer expectations
Corn flavored Candy
The light in my bathroom short circuited so I decided to put a lamp in there for the time being. Thought it looked rather interesting. Kinda love it, ngl
This gecko on the back of my patio chair.
The way the tire spinning created mini icicles all the way around the tire
This Strand Of Fire Being Emitted From Leftover Embers
This USB adapter that allows me to use USB devices on my phone.
Numbers Zero to One Hundred Listed Alphabetically
Electrolysis cleaning of old tooling
The petroleum jelly in my parents house is from 2004.
This road in Merida, México.
this staple looks like a music note
FC Kvareli Duruji who play in the Georgian 5th Division have their pitch inside the walls of an ancient castle.
My cat sits like this every day waiting for me to come home
Found a dollar coin from 1979 today.
This Football was kicked around and played with during an attack in the Battle of the Somme. (WW1)
The cut on my knuckle bled into a heart shape.
My bill from dinner
These little cup/shot glass shaped ice cubes in my Thai Tea.
You can’t afford me.
There are now 2 new koolaid men
This Capri Sun came with 2 straws attached
The way this stand balances itself on the edge of the counter
Accidentally left a can of soda in the freezer. The can didn't even distort.
This Football was kicked and played with during WW1 in the Battle of the Somme.
This accidental smirk face in the PB jar
You can open this restroom door with your foot, no hands needed
It Finally Happened
Inside of a 9v battery
This “veiny” frozen pond
I found a J shaped snow pea
I found a yellow piece of candy corn
My synbiotics came in a mushroom (mycelium) tray
These heart-shaped McNuggets in my husband and I Valentine's Day eve dinner
This lollipop looks kind of like a parrot
No edits, and not long exposure. This was literally by chance, that they were in an almost perfect row.
This strawberry thats as big as my hand
I found a J shaped snow pee
Pack of mutated Strawberries
My hob looks like an eclipse.
I saw this hawk eating a pigeon
This toasted paper towel roll that came this way.
One of my beard hairs was about 3 times the girth of a regular beard hair
Too sick to cook today, but luckily I got a double fortune cookie.
One of my beard hairs was about 3 times the girth of a regular bears hair
My take out came with two fortune cookies in one package.
The used video game I bought had 6 layers of price tags. I peeled them all.
Plastic can. Why.
We just suck
Very sad Dorothy Lynch drip at my work today.
This 3D effect due to moisture
Found these three starburst stuck together. Pretty sick if you ask me
The size of this Frosted Corn Flake. Quarter for scale
Instructions to cook pizza at 420°.
Trampoline in the Sand
This company really knows their target audience
The way the ice froze on my tires driving around today
This glass have the Cincinnati Post from 1933 printed on it
This company really knows their target audience
The lid imprinted on my pancake
Street near me has two buttons due to many people in the area on horseback
The design in Little Caesar’s toga is made of L’s &amp; C’s
This company really knows there target audience
A crescent moon formed on my trampoline.
Idk how it happened but my Pringle’s got stuck.. (its being held upside down)
We all have our own methods.
The snow on top of this bush
This flake in my cereal is shaped like a heart.
This perfectly balanced remote i accidentally created
This hill is in both Mexico and New Mexico. Notice how the Mexican side is slightly darker.
My coat says Made in West Germany, before the reunification.
We use ice cubes to water our plants so that the water doesn’t overflow, and to slow down the watering process
This handicapped seat in this theater can only be accessed by stairs.
Icicles coming through my trampoline
This hole puncher is shaped like a ice cream cone
It's not *just* Area 51, I guess.
iPhone camera streaming on AppleTV makes infinite.
iPhone camera streaming on Apple TV makes ♾
I saw a bridge over ant hill entrance in my backyard
This toy chick tweets when you hold it - using the body as a conductor
The Big Eiffel
How this windshield defrosted and just in time for Valentine's Day!
A cannon on the back of a truck in town today
The bulk guinea pig food at WinCo has dried veggies in it. Cute.
This icicle grew off another icicle.
This tiny umbrella
Snow on a car made a perfect sushi roll!
Found my parent y2k kit hiding in the basement
Why are most honey bottles bear shaped? How has the shape not been trademarked or patented?
forgotten tombstone with rain marks that make it look like a face crying
Turns out Swiss Miss can lids make good frisbees.
[OC] The marble boat (to nowhere) of Purity and Ease-Summer Palace, China
My title company has chocolates with their name and logo!
I‘ve blindly taken out 4 m&amp;m‘s twice and got the same colour combination
Statistics of female Disney characters
The snow sliding off of the roof made the icicles point towards the entrance at my job
2 completely different colored egg yolks from the same dozen
Found a unicorn in my macaroni
Turns out Swiss Miss can lids make good frisbees.
Trump Assassination Fund in a Pub
my dog is in need of braces
These candy Legos that actually work
An extreme close up of the Crypts Of Fuch (small holes) on my iris.
Apollo 11 original flight plans, given to me by my grandpa.
Ah.. good feeling
Water delivery guys helping a cat :)
I found the "The. WHAT." lady's origin!
[OC]The way the rain dripped off this tree onto the snow
Snow melting off my car
Found some interesting rock climbing handles
Took a pic of my wife in front of an art piece made up of broken mirrors.
The results of this poll...
The wall behind my shower kinda looks like Groot
The sugar in my hot chocolate formed a heart today of all days
Chipped nail polish kinda looks like a chess knight
My onion has an extra outside layer
for those people who hate orange skittles
My onion has an extra brown layer
My house was built in the 1950s(?) and has an intercom system with a line directly to the police.
Using a Neon Sign to promote their Neon Sign Business
The number of faces that can be seen in this bathroom mat.
All songs on this album are 10 minutes and 10 seconds.
I found a rock with a rock stuck in it at the beach.
The way this dashcam casing changed color from long term sun exposure
A quite specific elevator sign.
This bathroom door with an arm handle
Snow / Ice rolled down our windshield this afternoon
I saw this icicle today... very intriguing
Happy Valentine's day!
Chester Cheetah has two left hands
I spilled a box of spaghetti &amp; this is how it landed
One beer label is upside down, but the image itself isn’t.
A very big rainbow i saw while walking
This Valentine's heart shaped tree.
This leaf with only the veins remaining
Sign held in front of a man protesting abortion on TXST campus
Orbees when the seed is crushed
My Dad's lighter has a map of Austria on the back of it
Mouse-sized Spinach in my salad
Dog chewed this up and put it BACK on the stove while we were out. Thought we wouldn't notice maybe?
The town of Olymbos in Karpthathos, Greece. Built in the mountains to stay safe from pirates.
Copper is not magnetic but creates resistance in the presence of a strong magnetic field
Another wave of snow coming off of my car
The way these balls lined up
The snow plow hit our mailbox and made us a new one.
Casually looking in the nearby ads for a nice small chair I could transport by Lyft and
The seeds in my popsicle all floated up.
I cracked open a UK plug and found a two pin Europe plug inside
When the snow melted on the hud of my truck
Casually glancing the nearby ads for a small nice chair I could transport in a Lyft and
Thought this was somewhat interesting.
People stuck in traffic using the crooked concrete as a target for chewing gum
My hammer has the different OSB colors embedded in it
Found this at a garage sale
Found this at a garage sale
The appearance of black ice on a light coloured sidewalk.
These thicc Cheez-Its
This pallet of sticky notes.
Fond this at a garage sale
Old dude in the seat next to me on my flight used a partially inflated baggy as a phone stand... Brilliant.
A tree at my house has a rope coming out of it.
Walmart has little badges for their risk &amp; payments department
The way my nerite snail “Trump” has cleaned this section of wood.
How they made this
This toaster has an egg button
I captured my dog licking her nose just at the right time.
This trashcan at my local mall has a handle to push it open.
This 5lb fat model we have in my office (sharpie for scale)
My cat kneaded my husband as they both slept
The default password of this router...
Catching the reflection of an opposite building inside a bubble.
Found this singing goat playing an accordion at my local thrift store.
My orange peeled in one perfect piece.
This lil friend landed on my glasses while I was wearing them
A penny from 1947
Interesting way to keep paper together
This restaurant is called Yakuza, localized in Portugal.
This business card
Only half of this tree got wet when it was raining
I noticed something interesting about Parasite’s timeline (spoilers)
This champagne vending machine, yes please
Long daffodil.
What happens when you zoom in with a DSLR while the picture is being taken on a long exposure. Mild indeed.
Champaign vending machine, yes please
Literally 10 people walked by this and no one even acknowledged its existence in my school
The seam of my girlfriend's skinny jeans deletes her bruise
Hit a milestone today!
Found an exceptionally large strawberry today.
Ice Melting off of Fence Lines up Perfectly
This ravel channeling Harold and the Purple Crayon...
This long lemon that grew in our garden
Lollipop condom
This model at an ENT’s office looks like Donald Trump
Saw a mushroom and upon closer inspection there was another mini mushroom growing on top of it
The Way I Ate This Peanut Butter Toast Makes it Kinda Look Like a Heart (:
This rock that looks like a shark in Acapulco.
Ah, art school
Seaweed flavored chocolate
The snow on my windshield this morning
This ominous message in our paper's classifieds
I left a little bottle of olive oil resting on its side in a drawer for a few months and the oil somehow melted the rubber head of the dropper
A little silhouette of a man formed by a paint-drip on a window.
The inner workings of this lock mechanism and key from 1890.
This ominous message in our paper's classifieds
This box looks like a space ship
Pencil shaving
I got two of the exact same fortunes
My Panda Express Fortune Cookie came with 2 cookies.
My local library used to be a jail
The way this snow rolled up on a car
Mixing pasta and this happened
My onion got cordyceps!
The snow on my windshield rolled down like a croissant
The way the water spins
A cookbook for Jewish mothers
This matcha KitKat without its wafers
This deformed tangelo
The leftover grease on my plate is shaped like a smile
This deformed orange
This book/binder about hazardous waste is made of a piece of cardboard instead of plastic
Megalops of Crab taken during my marine bio lab!
Interesting that car seat headrest doesn’t make me gay but I am gay but it’s not because of car seat headrest
I like it when the answer is on top
Some ice on a partly frozen river I stepped over
The height difference between these two professional tennis players
The bulb broke without ruining the light. 💡
Cool Lighting Effect from Windows on Other Building
Small airplane shape paper clip. (Broken thumb for scale)
the shared library in my neighborhood
My tongue ring floating in my face
I knew the munchkins from the Wizard of Oz movie growing up.
Accidental watercolor spill that dried kinda looks like Vincent van Gogh
The Oxford comma has been removed for a long time yet people still use it. It is “A, B and C” instead of “A, B, and C”
These mattress boxes have wheels built in for easier transport.
Star at bottom of coffee creamer
The salt stains on my shoes makes it look ripped
The way this ice is shaped
My husband is a plumber.. he walked into this while fixing someone’s leaking pipes.
Employee who rung me up is known as "new guy" in the system
This BoBerry Biscuit is in the shape of a heart.
On the back of every can of Lysol
This four puppies belong to my granpa's dog. He including his four children was poisoned by neighbors because as bad was my most favorite Dog was, if these four had the chance to grow up, there would have been no stealing staff from my grandpa's property, so they killed all of them.
Got a tattoo of a slice of pizza, with lotion on I pressed a napkin on it and pulled it off and got this pizza art.
A friend sent me this mushroom with a mushroom on it
It's not every day you stumble across a 13y old reddit account
This Whiskey glass with a bullet through it.
Tri-strawberry
I split a pencil cleanly in half.
Close up of the snow on my car this morning. Looked different today.
My apartment building has an one outlet in the hallway
This eucalyptus growing out the side of this palm.
These perfectly preserved pawprints in frozen slush
This bathroom door handle is also an anti bacterial dispenser
The way ice formed on a spinning hubcap in sub-zero temperatures
The shape of this bottle
A single macaroni noodle in my bowl of off brand “shells ‘n’ cheese”
Spangles, a fast food chain in the state where I live, has started selling margaritas and screwdrivers recently!
The numbers on the answer display are different than the input
A McDonalds leading straight into a grocery store.
A literal Mini-Clip
This microscopic picture that looks like a planet, taken by my friend
A 'Miami Vice' kind of sunrise i caught from my stairs' window this morning
This shiny sign
2 for her, 1 for me. Gorgeous 3-D tin
My girlfriend owns a house keeping company and one of her clients houses is usually very clean and she doesn't understand why they keep her coming back. Today she found this on the fridge. A really cool idea to teach their kids how to manage money and teach them the value of a dollar.
This statue in a cemetery where rain stains make it looks like the girls has been crying
My dog's paw prints melting in the snow and ice on my porch.
My toooth paste came out very chodey this morning.
This Karl Marx money bank I saw today
Airport had a short story generator so you can read something while you wait for your flight. You get to pick the length of the story.
It looks like a circle around 'in'. See it from a little distance
My Amazon package has Hydrophobic tape
Meinhardt Rabbe who played the Coroner in the Wizard of Oz was a close family friend and came to my childhood rescue.
The way the slush freezes on this trucks lug nuts after hours of driving.
My scab is in the shape of a triforce
Newton would have been proud
The cracking pattern on this dish.
A flower growing out of a flower
I found a dust bunny that looks like an actual bunny
A snowman at my local Taco Bell drive-thru
This fetus mandarin inside my mandarin
My snake has a pattern that makes him look like he has fangs
a fetus mandarin inside my manderin
Flew on Jinn Air lately. Their safety brochure shows mermaids helping you out if the plane crashes in the sea.
He looks high.
This biker jacket that looks like a police officer at a quick glance
Peas and carrots left a footprint in my pan
This usb cable works both ways
Oil poured looks like Yoda.
This dragon roll shaped like a dragon
You can actually see how much of the pool has been cleaned.
The way the slush freezes on this truck’s lug nuts.
Perfectly aligned
This toybin at the hospital.
Served whole pizzas at my school
This random street dog carrying a slimjim and wearing a pair of shades.
Octopus roots
Huh, never knew scammers used fax machines for this type of crap.
This toybin at the hospital.
These shy but happy chairs at the bowling alley.
This letterbox
Magic hearts
Cool looking cat I saw today
My cousin turns 25 at the end of the month and fought in WWII. Happy Birthday Floyd!
There was a tiny toy truck strapped to this flat bed trailer on the highway.
Infuriating parking job, perfect license plate. (Buffalo, NY)
Antique organ I threw away, movers came and picked it up this morning now in a landfill.
This Harriet Tubman stamp on a 20 dollar bill I received.
Clock in the sidewalks of Barcelona.
This past fall my country town's Walmart made a Deer out of Beer Carton's.
My ceiling has a secret trapdoor
Octopus roots
This is what happens to human breast milk after a few hours in the fridge. As it warms up it gets reconstituted to look like normal milk.
This large cow
These wrenches I dug up on my uncle’s property in the Texas Hill Country.
The way these water balls that came with my flowers arranged themselves
This magazine article apparently comes from 4 days in the future(that's the published date)
This inverted train seat
My pasta foam looks like an egg
The Walmart by my house has a sale on cheese balls
Ads having Cake Days
This white potato had a worm in it, or something
This notebook made for left handed people my friend found
Found this Health Department Statistics poster, with info dating to 1899.
The way this Sippy cup looks like a baby
This cat looks like it melted on a slice of bread
This twig I went to pick up that turned out to be a moth
This airplane seat has a tablet holder
my friend’s blank milk carton
Identical Soap Bubbles
just found an uncut tissue in my box
Identical bubbles in soap
A Flaming Tuba In London
This piece of corn looks like a pistol
This clock/bell tower. Would love to post video but it was removed for rule 4. Kinda dumb without the sound and video...the balls roll down the tracks and hit the bells to chime on the hour.
This massive blueberry, next to a tiny painting on a mini easel.
Friend’s hand wipes look like packaged sea weed.
This is what happens to human breast milk after a few hours in the fridge. As it warms up it gets reconstituted to look like normal milk.
The USB port broke on my Bluetooth speaker, so I bypassed it.
My dog’s resting position lately
This interracial tree couple
Walking through the rain turned my transition lenses dark only on the spots the rain hit
This library statue with socks on
My sushi lid has a rectangle for one packet of soy sauce
My toilet paper perfectly came off the end of the roll and fell off the holder into the trashcan. Also was the exact amount I needed.
Antique organ my friend saved from being dumped in a landfill.
Paint chip looks like a dog
In a weird coincidence, I saw two Nuns walking into a burger place called The Habit.
Walmarts customer guide for employees
A wall I made from pennies in school
These radiators double as a warm bench
This clock.
Completely used tin of vaseline I completed today
Found a snow rolled like carpet on my car this morning
This wEird banana
I found a puffed up tortilla chip
They forgot to insert the screwtop lid on my juice.
This usb cable that works both ways
This very oddly formed egg
In my family photo scanning project I found that we inadvertently made an early meme of our cat Bojo in 1989 with a Polaroid and a sticker.
A strangely long egg my friend found
This SNES mouse
my contacts froze overnight
What happens when you try to out pizza the hut
That one staple pin sticking out
This Uber’s reminder/service card is fallout themed.
Finger smudges on a subway map in Toronto show the intersections people point to the most.
Heart and tear drop shapes on this piece of wood I found at work .
A Perfect Avocado
This old phone box has been refurbished to store a defibrillator
The way this hook has word the wood in this hundred and fifty year old church.
I poured my coffee right to the rim for the first time in my life
My friends and I made a ruler lattice in algebra
This class room that uses exercise balls for chairs
My dad somehow had the exact amount on a gift card for a purchase
The corn on this poster looks like it’s flipping me off.
I work with goofballs
These cactus fruits look like tiny Pineapples.
Super fancy McDonald's in Budapest
This tree I saw once that looked like a leaf.
My new Dockers encourage me not to wash my pants so often.
This QR code on my bag of popcorners
The single salt rocks melted little areas in the snow.
Ik have let my timer of my iPad on for so long (almost 2 years now) that it has begon glitching
Al Roker is channeling Marsellus Wallace on The Today Show, this morning.
The way this tree grew, lifting an old junk car off the ground.
I've had this Toys 'R Us Star Wars poster for over two years, and just today I realized the designer/printer cut off some of the outline at the bottom of WARS in the logo.
If you only knew the power of the darkside!
This Toys R Us truck still truckin’
My tea looks like coagulated blood
6 button track pad
This was the first photo ever uploaded onto the internet, by Sir Tim Berners-Lee in 1992.
A switchblade made in West Germany
The way my colored lights outlines my curtain
Cross section of a hedge
What he done this time?
I’m a chemist, so my friend got me this hidden flask. I figured out why they chose this chemical structure. It’s vanillin, the main chemical in vanilla. The connection: ethanol (alcohol) is used to extract vanillin from vanilla beans.
This large lump of spices that was in the bag instead of chips
The reflecting light from my outdoor furniture looks like the Xbox logo
These pots of paints has instructions on the sticky sides of the label :D
Old fashioned McDonalds sign in my brothers neighborhood
I found a very worn out nickel
What smoking does to your ceilings
This has to be a joke
The reflection of the sky makes it look like this building has no windows.
It's a RoTaRy TeLePhOnE
Tiny snowflakes gathering at the bottom edge of a window
Targeted Ads
Perfect defrost mustache this morning
NSFW I'm lactating, but only one of my mammary glands is functional
A town near me does a challenge where you make a prediction on when the pallet and concrete block will fall through, marking the beginning of spring. Each ticket is a dollar and the winner gets half of the money raised, the rest goes to a charity.
My cats paw and fur
This cat that resembles Hitler
Dry cleaner returned my cash
This is jeff Bezos' only like
Rabbit tracks across fresh snow
I was getting of my bus and someone had a painted portrait of Greta Thunberg with them.
The snow on this roof is shaped like a goose
The number of bald eagles in this tree on my way to work.
This misprinted penny has a little bit of iron at the bottom
This frozen puddle
These weird coincidences happen to me almost daily..Like, seriously, if it's not butt holes it's something else.. how random is this!?
A spider resting in peace behind the glass of a cumby’s gas screen
A air conditioner repairman in Myanmar operating on the 22nd floor.
This bat blade reflection created by my space heater.
Bird skull i found
What the wind did to the ice on my car
My dum dum was a real mystery. 2 different flavors in 1
The non-staple staple.
The way the ice formed on this fallen tree branch. Looks like hair!
I found this on top of a mountain while hiking
I have a blanket that is also a tortilla
This tree growing beneath parking spaces
Cucumber that I grew contained a disgruntled cat face
This 1960's business card
My knife got stuck in the back during a wash.
Back to back posts about buttholes
The Northwest Territories license plate is a polar bear
This absolute TANK of a strawberry
My aunt has a weighing scale old enough to be from the cold-war era “West Germany”
This heart in the bacon at the Valentine’s Day breakfast at my school.
The largest and smallest (and inbetween) opinel knifes. no.12 and no.2
A bar in Huntsville Alabama
This avocado shaped bottlecap holder i Saw. All the bottlecaps get recycled
The shell of my egg cracked to look like a lightning bolt.
The power of polarization
Cause of deaths in 1632 London
Someone spent very minimal effort in translating the sticker on this lunch box container
My kid sent me this picture of a snow-covered tree and the light fixture from inside reflected on the window.
This band! Anyone know who they are?
My Acer laptop logo reflects sunlight that looks like the year 1976.
This hexagonal graph paper I found in the attic.
Pot with measurements.
Prototype for the Nintendo Sony console collaboration.
This drift wood kind of looks like a dead bird
Calcium &amp; limestone formation that looks like fried eggs
I pooped a smiley face this morning!
The Hard Rock ‘guitar’ hotel in Hollywood, FL.
the way the clouds look like mountains (my first post)
The snow on my shed is forming a wave as it slowly slips off
They have removed plastic ring packaging on cans of beer. SaveTheTurtles!
The ice on my garden shed slipped forward making the icicles hang at an angle and appear like they're floating
This receipt gets blue if get in contatc with alcohol gel
New York cracker( formatting is bad Srry)
This cute japanese police station
This deformed fork I got from takeout
This cute japanese police station
This nearly perfect cube of snow
My Mcdonalds receipt number and stand number matched up
This water bottle tho
This captions has a color in it
Sunroof rain drops
Inside a vending machine
The way the snow slid off the hood.
The way the sunset hits this building and creates a blue to red color spectrum
My odometer and trip computer matched all 7's.
The inside of a rubixs cube
This toilet sink's tap is activated by this big button which you can press with your knee
This coke bottle is only half carbonated
Disabled symbol in Spain is very relaxed; made of mirrors
My banana looks like it has stitches
Won the food lottery :)
This fog covered some of this hill, but not all of it.
No such thing as ‘Health and Safety’ in Myanmar - this guy’s repairing an air conditioner on the 22nd floor. As you do.
Found this on my desk in college
The way this coconut oil set up when left in the pan overnight.
The location of this toilet.
My cat has a single black whisker
The green ink dye in my gel pen separated into its components
My cat has a single black whisker
Brass Cheese Pencil Holder
There’s an outlet on this ceiling
I've found my old toy that I got more than 20 years ago. Still working (with new batteries of course).
One of the tablets is upside down
A scallion butterfly floating in my ramen yesterday
Mom or 5 others
A guy who survived an extreme form of laparotomy surgery. Reason being both of his lungs were collapsed, diaphragm (phrenic nerve) lacerated, and T10 vertebrae struck by projectile. (Non military shooting/ not a veteran)
Cast Iron Frog, 3"x 3"x 1.25". This was cast by foundry workers almost 100 years ago at the now long gone radiator plant in my home town. Guess they had a little left over molten metal.
Car parked before the final lines were painted
This piece of dried up weetabix looks like a girl
A guy who survived an extreme form of laparotomy surgery. Reason being both of his lungs were collapsed, diaphragm (phrenic nerve) lacerated, and T10 vertebrae struck by projectile in January, 2012. (Non military involved shooting)
This weird stone head we dug up on our farm (UK)
This islas at thailand looks like a duck
You ride this bike by riding a bike that rides another bike.
The Priority Seats on My Train
An interesting toilet seat at a bar in Bosnia
this chip slider
this slider for chips
Identical Peg basket new vs 14 yr old one
The Microsoft Rewards symbol looks like an upside-down user wearing suspenders.
This optical illusion I made for a school project
4 out of these 5 eggs had double yolks
The blue line in this graph I made looks like a cityscape
When people leave cans like this
Chalkboard wipes and written on by a teacher (Lower) vs that one done by a student (Upper)
The Chalkboard wiped by our teacher (Lower) vs. That one done by a student (Upper)
Found this in a clean-up
Found this in a clean-up
The train I take to college has a QR code that deaf people can scan to get a BSL interpretation app
I took part In a study on a new pill that helps people put on weight. Goals are to be used for anorexia or bodybuilding. The results
The interesting “warning” that comes with this mug
The interesting “warning” that comes with this mug
This Pepsi only has bubbles on one side of a straight line.
This tiny stop light under the main one
This carpet that looks like a wooden floor.
Stackable champagne glasses
Got home to my underground car park that had a few inches of water in it. As I stepped out of my car, barefoot, this card was there to greet me. Spooky.
These flowers arrange themselves in a grid
Every gusher I got was a red one
I bought a packet of Fizzy Cola Bottles and was met with this monstrosity
Huawei iCloud???
A elongated Hula Hoop crisp
This Oreo I found that was manufactured inside out.
How well this lollipop suits the Mac Donald’s toy
How my fingernails grow
This long sour patch. (normal provided for conparison)
This tiny windows a coworker had today
Russians tho!
My mascara came with a guitar pick.
This is kind of interesting
Found a bear on my wardrobe
At this airport, they have a machine that will print off free short stories for you to read while you wait!
I was baking today and one of my eggs yolk was much smaller than the others even though it was from the same carton.
The light reflecting off these wet tree branches lookes like a spider web
I’ve never seen an airplane bathroom this large before.
Car reached 23456 miles precisely at my destination
This ute with another ute tray as a trailer
"Bit More" button on the toaster at our bungalow in the Cook Islands.
This leaf that looks like a skull in the water
This example of Polydactyly
This chip the size of my hand
The snow is melting in the shape of the motor.
The ripples of the water going into the straw
Aftermath of cancer. Mind blowing isn't it!
Friend and I went to TJMaxx, shopped separately, and left with the same bill amount
My leggings matched the gym floor
My cactus sprouting fruit
So Smooth...
This vending machine gave my change in dollar coins
How do we make this crap illegal?
This pizza box heating instructions telling you to not microwave it
This tree near my hometown fell over and apparently just grew back up again.
The cutlery in this restaurant double as spanners.
This tree near my house fell over, grew back up again.
This extra big ass croc
The way the tags on my dress folded
The way the tags on my dress folded
The way the tags on my dress folded
A new Mexican restaurant opened in my town that has a taco bus inside of the restaurant as the kitchen
This is Roscoe, he's supposed to be eating bugs.
3D scan of my head with my iPhone
Found this lying somewhere in the hospital when I visited today. Didn't know there is a 4 grade scale to measure hardness of your erection.
The way this place labels the tables
This straw I unwrapped had only one end cut off
The vending machine in my work has non-alcoholic beer
Gas prices are getting lower and I get 10 cents off per gallon on Wednesdays
A year of Palmerston North water through our filters. New one on the left.
The vending machine in my work has non alcoholic beer
The vending machine in my work has non alcoholic beer
Another face on it's face
Inconsistent general knowledge game from ASDA
The valentines the 7yo I nanny wrote "for" her parents "from" each other
Was raining today and saw this walking home .
My cubicle has a secure inbox and an "insecure" inbox
My local grocery store has a stool for the vertically challenged
This floor in front of a toilet @ Jimmy Johns
Rotary cell phone!
My mum’s drink spells out the amount of juice it has
This hybrid of two types of lettuce I found in my salad
They used a wrong template
Cloud shaped like Australia. (photo was taken in Melbourne)
We bought a puzzle second-hand and instead of it missing a piece it came with one extra
This house completely decked with tiles
Progressive home insurance sent us these complimentary Progressive branded smoke alarm batteries
Beer made with sprinkles
Starting Monsoon Season In Arizona! Fully lit outside because of the sun... But really thick and dark clouds...
Ghost Trapped in my Nail
Packaging for fish paste with a fish-shaped barcode
Salcha roadhouse in Salcha, Alaska has ice cubes with straw sized holes in them
Reusable hand-towel loop; haven’t seen one of these since the 1980s!
My dad managed to stand up a broom
When my pussy cat gets angry at something, her tail fur gets really thick. (btw, it's 1:00 a.m. and she is angry at something i can't see outside, i am a bit scared)
Scented and unscented soap in a nice restaurants bathroom
What is.... A rare typo on this famous game show?
Neon cat litter
This new amazon employee.
Christmas Tree "Grave Yard" where the city collects all the post-holiday trees on Trash Day, sorts them (at a local park apparently), then disposes them appropriately
the light shining through the staircase railing looks like the monster energy logo
Parts of Man of Steel was filmed in my high school town and they left this here
My paper’s sudoku came pre-solved
This produce holder I got for Valentines.
The snow melting on this car.
This vending machine at my high school with only flaming hot Cheetos
The recycle symbol kinda looks like it says 69
I've never seen an entirely grey seagull before.
The light on my umbrella makes it look like the water droplets are on the inside
I ripped off a sticker from my old sewing machine which revealed pristine white plastic that had not yellowed like the rest of the machine.
This flavoured water has different greetings on the tab
Saw some antique medicines on here so I thought I’d post this. There’s some medicines in there
My shrimp began to “cook” when I squeezed a bunch of lemon juice onto them!!
This Will Farrell looking sculpture at a Mexican resort.
I worked in an old paint factory, all the walls were like this.
His favorite time of the year
This tree under my balcony growing towards the light sources
This mini store display for Lunar New Year
This KitKat with no waffer
Kind of like the Simpsons future predictions. Band: Rage against the machine’s music video, showing “Donald trump for president sign”. Video over 8 years old
The way the snow accumulated on the driveway.
Very large baby carrot
There's a part of the scapula called an "infraglenoid" and it reminds me of the way Rick and Morty names alien things.
This apple split down the middle
This store by us is selling steaks in heart formation
The way the snow settled on my grass
A straw-Mato is only mildly interesting.
Fossils of a giant turtle that once used to roam south America
GERMAN POLICE GOES GREEN TOO - Berlin Police added two new Hydrogen Fuel Cell Powered Toyota Mirai vehicles to its fleet. London Metropolitan Police's 21 Toyota Mirai cars have already clocked up over 260,000 emission-free miles.
I found the halo 4 crosshair in the forn of a lego.
The use of both upper and lower case in this guys handwriting, he's 25, married and a father of 2.
This painting from 1812
I receved two packs of spice in my Mr. Noodles (winner winner exstra spicy beef dinner)
This really small banana I don’t have big hands
The way my glass shatter on the table.
Chinese students taking online video PE classes at home during virus quarantine
My grandpa's business card from the 60's
My glass broke in a perfect circle
This gold colored quarter with an iridescent part
This road sign has a depth indicator for flash floods.
Monterey Bay Aquarium’s Ocean Sunfish. It looks like a swimming fish head :)
I collected gram crackers (almost) everyday at school and this is how many was left at the end of the year
The way this icicle froze.
I am confused and intrigued at the same time....
This series of similar autocorrect typos on MyFitnessPal
This series of similar autocorrect typos on MyFitnessPal
This series of similar autocorrect typos on MyFitnessPal
My hot water bottle was made in West Germany!
An oak village In a mesa biome
Some snow falling in my school yard
The way my wife inter-locked our carry outs into a platter
Inside of a convention center in Dallas, Texas
The way this carrot grew
My mom got me a train book in English, and the exact same one in Dutch to try to learn Dutch
Found two pieces of garbage like this. And I don’t care if you don’t care
The ice coming off my roof is like an upside down wave
This twenty dollar bill turned into a reelection ad for the president.
A beautifully artistic car.
the letters and numbers are made of letters and numbers
In an episode of Hey Arnold! (90’s/early 2000s Nickelodeon kids cartoon) when grandpa is telling his story of being in WWII, the Nazis were made with sad faces instead of portraying the swastika
My teacher puts Baby Yoda on our tests for "motivation"
Jackpot piece of gummy sour
We made a Bet over our inheritance on wether or not I could eat 5k calories a day
The way the now settled on my driveway. No Salt and no shoveling had taken place and it was still snowing at the time.
My honest dry cleaner returned my shirts today with this envelope attached. Inside was $20 cash I had left in a shirt pocket. #loyalcustomer
My boiling water reminded me of the moon
The door handles at this coffee shop
The climbing gym I go to used holds as a place to put your feet at their new bar area
Broken handle? Never again
This Roku remote has a blockbuster button!
Copy of the Divine Comedy from 1884
This sit down Chinese restaurant sells toothpaste and other sundries
Nearly 100 year old (1928) $5 bill I found today
This ham is from 1937 - kept at the Mecca Diner in Raleigh, NC.
This colored pencil looks lime green but colors yellow
This doll I found propped up against a truck in a parking lot.
An Uber that is a Smart car
Made me look twice
This is Grass
Oh Brooklyn this is great
This cloud that looks like a really big dagger.
This cloud that looks like a really big dagger.
This towel art
This Shrimp Burrito Bowl
The ridges on this egg
This towel art that welcomed us to our hotel room last weekend
A Pringle with a fold
This extra meaty avocado
7 flights up in a parking garage used exclusively for a school. Tbf, textbooks are super heavy and this was outside an elevator
My dog looks like the dog pictured on her bag of treats
The new upcoming samsung galaxy flip a.k.a samsung galaxy S20 because its the next generation. It looks like a broken phone....smh
These blinds say goodnight in different languages when you pull them down
Trees showing “crown shyness”
Two slightly different versions of the same flavor at my local Yogurtland
This broom standing straight up
The clinic that I'm at has a little mini toilet for taking awkward dumps with your kids
Brick pattern still visible under a light snow
I got the part of the cracker they usually cut away.
My leftover potatoes look like mushrooms after being spiralized
This broom is standing up all by itself even with the dustpan on it
Half moon key that came with my coin box for a washing machine. Both keys are the same, 2 angles for optimized viewing.
A cloud that stretches from horizon to horizon, currently over Vancouver, Canada
A pen made from the silver from a sunken Spanish ship.
This book matched drum shell looks like octopus faces
My FIL mailed a valentine to my wife using vintage stamps.
Found an upvote chip.
I found a physical Getty images gallery.
This police car burried in snow (Denver Colorado)
This extra long barcode
3D printed Iron Man Cosplay Arms
My cat jumped off my lap when spooked and clawed me, it looks like a frowny face.
My Grandmothers wooden spoon. This is what I asked for when my grandmother died. It's her wooden spoon that stirred a million meals with love. She raised 5 kids on the prairie with a minister husband and they often got paid in eggs, etc. The love in this simple utensil is beyond belief.
Ancient Egyptian Underpants
If you have too many tabs on google, the counter will change to a smiley face
Dexter Morgan’s Apartment.
My cat loves to look out my window with me
There’s no line separating these two parking spaces at my local Publix.
The human body heals quickly
Packet of Little Bites that was printed wrong
My lavalamp out there looking like an Alien
This pie trio at Sam’s Club.
A chair I cut out of a huge dead tree we removed on a hiking trail.
The marks left by my highlighter
This Crocs lighter
One of life's little surprises
My inboxes for my cubicle at work
I found a figure waving at us from the surface of the sun.
This restaurant bathroom only cares about your cleanliness
The handle of the gate next to my house sends positive vibes everytime you use it.
The clock at Tulsa International Airport
I was using a staple gun at work, and I fired twice in the same spot on accident. This is the result
BMW’s government issued license plate says BMW
My wife named our networks. One is fast but has poor range. The other is slower but goes forever. I'm so proud of her!
Child sized toilet in the Family Restroom
How they put the eyes in dolls...
My salsa expires at exactly 11:37 AM
This elevator out of order sign
The patterns on the bottom of this pan repeatedly used to boil rice.
5 same vintage cars parked in front of the house in Burnaby
This decked out smart car
This hospital waiting room have two old-school landline phones to inform families about patients.
The length of these seedlings and the length of their roots
This person’s pictures on Instagram blend into one another
Iced up lights and trees
Kaleidoscope that looks straight out of a fantasy world
Steaming wood chips
Ciara from above.
This Swiss Army Knife at the Nevada Museum of Art has 80 blades
My Freddo Frog has a picture of a real frog on it
Whiteboard drawings found at University.
Blue stain fungus effect on wood
A three leaf spaded clover
Bot summon another bot.
This poster of various Murphy’s Laws
I can unsubscribe from emails telling me I've unsubscribed
Someone proposed at the cinema i work at
This working sundial is actually a bridge in Norcal, interestingly named... the Sundial bridge
Is my face cream trying to declare love to me?
this puddle dried outside my flat to look like a musical note
The way these ice cubes froze upward. Also posting to r/AskReddit.
The oblivion symbol in my honey mustard.
Old ice cream sign referring to it as the health food of the nation
I dropped a bar of soap and it split cleanly in half
Old ice cream sign referring to it as the health food of the nation
This ice cube froze with a spike
Rotary cellphone
This odd shaped bread
The way my cat relaxes in the stairs.
Here is a coaster in a pub
This pretzel my headphones made. Yes I'm also broke lol.
My hotel room's mirror is heated to prevent condensation.
What he done this time?
Loggers came to our Québécois chalet
A brick named bob
This for-sale aquarium is displayed as Bikini Bottom. From Spongebob. The TV show. On Nickelodeon.
Our teacher has a "phone jail"
The way the snow melted and slowly fell on my car
An aluminum can that was tossed into a campfire
These noodles left an outline
So my colleague got a notification for an Amazon delivery to her empty house whilst we were at work today. She didn't know she had a receptionist. Or that her letterbox could sign for parcels.
Noticed I was watching Jackass 3 on the same TV that's in the background
The snow started melting on my car and rolled up like a rug.
If you drew a map of Australia, and labeled regions of it with countries/states that had similar climates, this is what it would look like. Lots of desert!
To those who saw yesterday's post, yes, there are feet buttons inside too!
Always thought Chewbacca's eyes were brown or black then we got a Star Wars bath set and thought they goofed up on Chewie's eyes. Peter Mayhew's eyes were blue.
My work's freezer makes ice cubes shaped like top hats.
My university has a giant downvote button
Vday edition... the only dry patch in the lot
12.4 pound enterolith removed from Lyle Lovett's horse on display at A&amp;M Vet Med Teaching Hospital
This line of stores made of old boxcars.
The colour of my English book reflecting onto my arm
This helpful sign at my doctor’s office
This movie theatre had beds instead of seats
This elevator has a shuffle button.
this toilet paper roll with a filled middle (normal one for comparison)
I ledt my key on a small plant and forgot all about it, when i found it again it was a part of my garden.
My in-game date and time on my save for Borderlands
We drew this in art class today
The baby seat in my shopping cart has to backrest.
This one person bathroom at subway that also has a urinal.
The crosswalks at the biotech campus where I work are double helixes
My work has heated sidewalks.
My satsuma had a baby one in it
This banana's incredibly straight shape
Italian restaurant in Pyongyang, North Korea.
This banana's incredibly straight shape
These sea shell cadies
‘New’ vs old eraser, penny for scale.
This desk design at my school looks like a eye
The size difference in these bananas.
The way this shop displayed the aquarium they're selling.
The way this shop displayed the aquarium they're selling.
These neglected black jelly beans at my office.
My girlfriend's "heels"
Using a crosswalks convenient colour to create a McDonald’s fries on the road.
The way the sun and frost shape the scenery in Iceland
Been getting into candles recently. This one’s wick was off center.
The Inside Of The Thing I’m Printing
This half nut in my handful of almonds.
A rotary cell phone
Sign I found next to the smoking area at the hotel im am currently staying in.
My coffee mug stain looks like a globe.
Wood flooring in a public bus
That’s not a lake. That’s just a massive pond caused by excessive rain in northeastern Texas
I found an intact piece of text in a recycled egg tray
This banana's incredibly straight shape
This banana's incredibly straight shape
Used the heat from my PS4 to make a s'more
This cat with a perfect mustache.
Blaze Pizza’s strawless lids
Someone really thought this through. Never seen an outlet by the toilet, but I think it is BRILLIANT!
This small skittle that was in my packet compared to a normal sized one.
There is a street in Toronto called The Wishbone, and it is shaped like a wishbone.
This happy lemon
Top slice of Lidl cheese in the pack has no holes for some reason?
I broke of a piece of a twig and it looks like a tiny screaming fish :))
This elevator that looks like a bookshelf in a library
Saw this on Amazon Video,looks like the guy is leaning from one poster to other.
This goats lazer eye
This goats lazer eye
Layers of a years worth of grease, fats and oils
The red paint showing through from when Ireland was part of the United Kingdom, almost 100 years ago.
The clouds in the sky in my town this morning looked kinda like fingers
This newspaper from December 8th, 1941
My fortune cookie had two fortunes stuffed inside.
The ice formation on this volunteer maple seedling
The lighting is this picture makes it look like it's almost two different photos
How low the clouds are today.
Redditt, ON, Canada
My nail gloss leaked and dried making it look like a well timed photo
This pub is called the counting house and has an abacus railing
This Cooper S has tail lights in the form of the Union Jack
This Fast and the Furious arcade racer at my grocery store that is perpetually stuck on the Windows XP loading screen
The Conrad Hotel in DC has a 2nd and 1/2 floor.
The heat from this pump melts the ice on the pipe and makes it gradually transparent
These verticle icicles
Teacher said if she couldn't balance a broom on the bristles then we wouldn't have to do the tests for the rest of the week...
My tangerine has a mini-tangerine inside
this nike logo on my food
This must be a rooster nugget
Bought some bananas and it had a banana version of The girl with the pearl earring art piece
Gas price increase in Finland
This must be a rooster nugget
So this tree near my home is completely covered with creeper vines. Also, I observed that the back side gets less sun because of building, so that doesn't have the vines.
This must be a rooster nugget
This branch wrapping around the clothes line
My guest bathroom shower curtain.
I found a cat with thumbs!
I have a secret trapdoor in my ceiling
Cabinet I saw at work today that made me laugh.
A toothpick with flat edges
This orangw has a yellow streak going across it
This picture I took through my window screen creates a mild Hermann grid illusion.
This tap/dryer combination at a museum
The design on the red concrete is the same odd shape as the whole bridge which has its lanes running the same way. A little easter egg.
Comparison of my pre- and post- head injury handwriting
There are plants growing in my school water fountain.
Received this in the mail today, unprompted. A bit concerned
Dirty ass hands no running water at jobsite still lunchtime though..
This man knows his shoes
Received this mask in the mail today unprompted. A bit concerned
How this spider holds a fly and spins it in thread
My xbox gamerscore
This Texas shirt has the Irish flag
This is probably the most photographed shadow/sillouette in all of history.
Old book of matches includes a poker hand on each stick.
These blueprints for Star Wars locations, etc
This Haribo fried egg that is only foam, no yolk.
The evolution of the one-hundred dollar bill!
An upset neighbor...
My xbox gamerscore
This book has been sitting here for almost 2 years. It being in the sun so much has dulled down all the colors. (The background pink was originally the same color as the orange on the side.)
This book has been sitting here for almost 2 years. It being in the sun so much has dulled down all the colors. (The background pink was originally the same color as the orange on the side.)
This book has been sitting here for almost 2 years. It being in the sun so much has dulled down all the colors. (The background pink was originally the same color as the orange on the side.)
This book has been sitting here for almost 2 years. It being in the sun so much has dulled down all the colors. (The background pink was originally the same color as the orange on the side.)
This book has been sitting here for almost 2 years. It being in the sun so much has dulled down all the colors. (The background pink was originally the same color as the orange on the side.)
This picture taken with an iphone 11 pro max. The camera faces directly to the sun, yet the picture doesn't become dark.
This guy in my class eats scoop of peanut butter from jar
TX in the Texas sky
TX in the Texas sky
TX in the Texas sky
This toilet has a pedal rather than handle or sensor to flush
A frog was found inside a bell pepper in Québec, Canada.
This tree at my dad’s house.
Dough shaped like Australia
Dorito chip looks like Tennessee
Dorito chip looks like florida
Weird straight lines on weather radar
This earthquake detection kit.
Had this coat for years, today I thought "hey there is another logo of a goat or something, never seen that before". But it's a random string in velcro.
A book I found at a hospital on Denver
People make coffins in the shape of old Benz models
Naval orange, "Half blood" and full blood colored oranges from my naval orange tree which is 10 feet from a blood orange tree - they still taste like naval oranges despite the color
Floss folded into treble clef
Look at this rare thick nachos i found in the bag:)
This Finnish restaurant has floor standing urinals
My purple cabbage upvote
My egg cratered the other egg
This off centered sink.
The dinosaur triceratops i made from $1 dollar bill
This piece of wood that looks like a duck head.
This broom standing at attention behind a bar.
This broom is standing at attention.
My pizza had a weird indent on the bottom
found a pinecone-triplet
I found a strangely round chicken egg today when baking cookies
These were the salt and pepper shakers at a mediterranean restaurant I went to
My friend needs to get a new car because this is too good to disturb.
This thumbtack with a bent tip.
If you search "bitch" on Samsung's emoji keyboard you get a knife.
One of the pear chunks in my cup still had the stem on it
This garbage truck has a very relatable tagline
This broken contrail looking like an ancient script
This Bottle/Can
The way "mimos" holds thier flower even after falling off
A wedding proposal in Hüttenberg, Germany.
These bubbles have shadows
This leaf in the shape of an upvote
They were too lazy to model faces so
The barcode on my bag of jellybeans, is shaped like a jellybean.
A banana shaped caution sign at my Jamba Juice store
Octopuses have 3 hearts.
This leaf shaped like an arrow
My old man turned an old Porsche 944 turbo into a desk lamp
The snow landing on my van is in a square pattern for dome reason.
Bagworm Moth Caterpillars collect little sticks and use them to build log cabins for shelter.
My coworker closed the garage door on her phone that she had dropped without noticing and this is how the screen broke.
The way the snow only clings to the black part of my ski
Coronavirus notice at the ENT doctor office.
These Hot Wheels stamps
This old, working Pepsi machine.
These flags are the base for the International Code of Signal Flags; the code combines both number pennants and letter flags to inform others in the vicinity of any pertinent situation
Every egg in this carton from Costco had double yokes
Found a Boarders receipt from 2004 in a used book I bought
My school has this rack so people can store their skateboards and scooters during class.
My school has this rack so people can store their skateboards and scooters during class.
A package was delivered with a footprint on it
This cheap way to obtain cool kids
With the temperature fluctuating so much the last few days, the icicles on my roof are curving
smells funny - White Russian?
Testing out paint swatches during renovations at my office building
My school gives you apples in sealed plastic bags telling you to be healthy
This quarter's been through some tough times
A rotary cellphone
This succulent turned a leaf into a balloon?
I found a dog with a scarf
Just walked into my company’s kitchen and saw this broom just standing in the middle of the kitchen
The home button thing on the iPhone X almost perfectly underlines the early access on minecraft earth
This Dollar Store in Sweden offers free bubble wrap for the fragile items you may carry with you
This Car looks like it’s made out of marble
A shell of an artillery round from ww2 that my great grandfather had turned into an art piece
My friend's rabbit looks like Andy Reid of the Kansas City Cheifs.
My Apple Watch warned me that this hand drier was noisy
These footprints from shoes a guy on the bus had
My Apple Watch warned me that it was noisy inside this hand drier
My ice cream was trying to communicate with me...
I found out a few years ago that I can weave my fingers
A lightning bug flew in front of my camera while I was doing some astrophotography
Hosted an oscar themed party this weekend!
The metal sheet had a hole in the middle, where the plant came out
How LEGO bricks have the word LEGO on every stud
r/DestinyTheGame has there own special upvote button.
Super tiny elbow macaronis my wife bought. Long grain rice for scale.
The r/DestinyTheGame has there own special upvote button.
Made me chuckle
This dutch ad for planned cheating or something like that. Translation in comments
A bird left a smiley face in the snow
This Patron bottle chandelier
The way the Ice makes the tree look
The way this vine has wrapped itself around an electricity cable
My sky before rain
Some people have a condition called Dermatographia where scratching the skin causes it to raise and turn red.
I took this picture of my sky before it started to rain really bad (I hope this is mildly interesting)
My Xbox one has a little message at the bottom.
My highlighter dried up and fell out
Making a living.. -2020
This semi has a load consisting of one milk crate
This multicoloured orange
A book I ordered from the USA for £6 came in a massive sack
To those who asked on yesterday's post, yes, there are buttons inside!
My university's library lets you borrow blankets if you're cold
This perfectly flat snow where the gate to the dog park swings
No way this Ad is real
i got two fortunes with my cookie
Plain quail egg
My daughter’s slap bracelet came apart to reveal it’s just a piece of measuring tape.
The shower in my hotel has a little cutout so you can turn it on before getting in.
A small slice of tangerine grew on the bigger one and can be pulled out
This person lost their number plate so they wrote it on paper
This tree is wearing a jacket
My Coffee cup appears a bit surprised.
Frost created intricate patterns on my car
This electric eel enclosure at the Budapest zoo displays the eel’s current, and last highest voltage
The interior trunk release pull on my 2018 Malibu
This 1/2 address I found in Illinois
It was exactly 0.0°C outside this morning.
Middle East Friendship Chart
Cart chained to subway entrance to avoid theft...still got front wheels stolen
Never really thought about how default letter avatars also work for other languages.
For the first time in 32 years I finished a chapstick!
Reflection in a glass door creates a rainbow hat trench coat man on the floor.
I only got 1 pop tart in this package. I searched to see if this was common, and found I was fulfilling a 7 year-old prophecy. More details in comments.
Alligator stretching its neck
Music Events: Crissi Cochrane live in concert in Ontario, Canada on 22nd February, 2020 | SRL Networks London Music PR
HR is on the 4th floor of course
My favourite TV presenter. He has green eyes but sometimes they look blue in the right lighting
The Inside of what a Boeing 787 looks like when it’s empty.
I burnt myself the other day with canola oil and the scar looks like a key...drew a lock next to it
Lil Peep and Justin Bieber Are the Same Person
Beautiful faces from around the world
Five Star gridded notebook paper has different-sized hashmarks on the front compared to the back
Found an sticker with an upvote
This "Thank you" note written on a Banana, delivered to the Hospital i work at.
Something tells me it might be dangerous to shoot this one.
This company has it's Chief of Qualitys private phonenumber on the packaging
This juice carton has no red ink.
Nothing to see here, it's a wrap.
cool I got ma and us and now it looks like she’s holding scissors
My Dogs Appear to be Driving
This 5$ bill I got in my change today
My sticky notes came like this.
Australian Sign
Cant unseen it now
This multi-million dollar state of the art cardiac catheterization surgical equipment uses a car audio head unit for ambient music.
This Banana shaped slippert floor sign
This tiny funyun
I found one of our markers stuck like this... thanks for the assist, outlet cover!
My instant coffee in my mill before the hot water
Costume code bar for candies
Some snail eggs! (Archachatina Marginata Ovum)
This tree that looks like it has lots of nests
Large spherical tree burl I found in today in the Midlands - UK
There’s a fungus among us. I found it growing under my house.
Windscreen wipers might be a bit optomistic...
My range and odometer were all 3’s for a minute last night
Tiny orange that was inside my big orange
I found a jumbo q-tip (regular q-tip for scale)
This interesting barcode on a milk carton
This painting at a museum in Stuttgart. Yes, it's entirely a painting
This spot on my hoodie looks like an old face
Local pharmacy has a display of antique medicines.
This tomato that looks like a peace sign. It was a good tomato.
This tomato that kinda looks like a peace sign. ☮️ it was a good tomato.
The way my mom’s candle melted
Our town has commissioned a local cartoonist to create signs for tourists. Here is the one pointing to the cathedral.
My water bottle was behind my curtain and left a nice silhouette
Sorry for the bad image, but a double layer kinder egg
Laying in bed looking at my blinds this morning. If you look long enough you can’t tell which direction they’re going.
The way my deodorant spilled
The light’s reflection on this toilet seat makes a frowning face. :(
The light’s reflection on the toilet seat makes a frowning face. :(
One side inside out custard cream
The bar I went to has a phone holder inside the stall
There's a tiny plant growing out of my window sill
A fourth-grade science fair project about debunking quantum teleportation
Inches ruler that measures in decimal
Last bite of cheerios this morning. Hopefully a sign is going to be an awesome day!
This sign that perfectly describes why the company went out of business
Had some free time in workshop in school today haha. Props to those who understand it ;)
Playing in the Sand 2020 Beach Art
My Arby's total was 7.17 at 7.17
The bar code on this water bottle is shaped like a mountain.
Just found Pickel Rick Pringles!
Just found Pickel Rick Pringles!
My mom just cracked 3 double-yolk eggs in a row.
The way some candle wax fell and made a perfect cartoon heart.
The way these sweet gum tree balls are all an equal distance from the sidewalk
My best friend took fashion advice from my pen! (He’s okay with me posting!)
A plane literally cut through the clouds
My keychain fits perfectly in the pencil holder
A plane literally cut through the clouds
The New special Z flip looks similar to the sides of an Amtrak.
This machine in the Orlando airport that helps you learn to perform CPR
A random doodle I did is being used in the welsh government code of practice
Alphabetical order of some numbers
I got this email today. China is controlling the Corona virus narrative even with amazon purchases.
These long grapes that my wife bought.
How to choose a watermelon
The shape my oranges made
So I was cutting something out and the extras landed on one of my cats turds.now it looks like a crime scene.
The local birds hated my porcelain toucan
The Chinese Mr. Clean has hair
Alfabethic order of some numbers
This seed mix that helps support bees with nourishing flowers (they really need our help now)
My cat has a random extra claw on his behind paw
I have central heterochromia, and my eye is two different colors.
This double banana
The manual for my piano warns me not to burn it
This fence is made out of barrels from rifles
Coming of age story...on a spice jar
This star-shaped oat that escaped from my breakfast
I used up a whole tub of lip balm without losing it (though almost lost it a few times)
the bubbles in my shoe cleaner
I used up a whole tub of lip balm without losing it (though almost lost it a few times)
Sorry for shaky video, but the fog in a supermarket! (it’s like the end of summer here so this was a wtf moment)
I’ve put on weight while my fiancé has been across seas. Idk what to tell him or what to say
This custom bookmark just came inside my Star Wars book
This noodle is cut from the wrong angle
One of my homework books pages has no lines on it.
little colour changing chilli
Met the coolest dog ever, alongside his veteran owner, a long while back.
Jeez it's dark outside
This traffic sign in Bad Hofgastein, Austria
This cloud that looks like the UK sans Northern Ireland
The way a broken vase has been restored.
Flat chip
How Race is classified in a French Hospital.
The way these shirts are stacked
This twin egg
I got a conjoined bugle
A stand for bikers to hold on to while waiting for the traffic lights in Sweden.
Low denomination coins in the UK make a coat of arms when put together.
This lemon.
These two nearly identical metal chips
This pistachio-like mini cooper
A distorted Welch’s fruit gummy
My apple had a stripe on it
The little snow hats on these beers
This cloud looks like a ufo.
The overnight regrown root of half an onion I grated last night.
My pen broke and the ink kinda looks like a dog’s face
Sparkle towers in Dubai, sparkles :)
They hanged this painting upside down in my hotel room
Some graphite on paper under a microscope
This building that still has WW2 bullet holes in my city (Leuven)
This albino peacock has all white plumage
These Swedish elevator warning signs
This unconnected baby paprika I found inside a paprika.
English, or biting social commentary?
My Hotel's Lights Shine Diagonally
The moon in my backyard
What he done this time?
This butterfly I made using an orange
A step screen removing solids from untreated wastewater
This completely solid chocolate Reese's
This Buddhist Temple in Tokyo with a swastika symbol on Apple Maps
This Buddhist Temple in Tokyo with a swastika symbol on Apple Maps
Found a little cat in my squishy sweet during DnD night
I asked amazon to stop sending me plastic packages. First paper package
The treadmills at this hotel gym are set into the floor.
This Business Card is made out of real Marble and into a Puzzle
The Moon this morning reminded me of the Death star.
The container my blueberries were packaged in.
This rust stain that looks like a skull, uncovered in a deep clean of kitchen cabinet. Apt for my feelings about the task, too.
Part of a wall that's been repainted over and over through the years!
Driving home from work and noticed a chicken in suburbia
Driving home and saw an escapee
The way our broom stayed standing at work.
My copy of pride and prejudice has two volume ones.
The way this moss grew in the street name engraving on this sidewalk.
The forecast temperature for tomorrow Manitoba, Canada
This empty mentos packet (normal packet for ref)
This empty mentos packet
CVS pharmacy uses their receipts as blinds
Leathers reaction to hand sanitizer
This Pokemon anatomy textbook
dropped this at work tonight and it broke perfectly in half
This halo around the sun
OC This pharmacy have an outdoor foot switch to open the door.
A sphere of green in an otherwise green-less tree
I saw this year's ago but it still boggles my mind
I used faceapp to see what Freddie would’ve looked like as an older man
My local bar has a funny easter egg on its tab card
This rubber band formed a bass clef on my friend’s desk
A vending machine at work gave me dollar coins as change.
Creation of universe explained in current top three religions.
Creation of universe explained in current top three religions.
This perfectly cut tomato
The bathroom floor looks like a city map
What happens when you tell google to fuck off
This Hairy Caterpillar
This is a Polish Buff Laced Chicken
This leaf has eyes.
My dog took two bites out of a peice of cardbord.
Smol Fluffy Cow
This is what a sketch pen tip looks like upclose, (this was captured using a smartphone using a laser light lens) [OC]
I think they're trying to communicate.
This Very Fluffy Cow
Ants on this dead snake
My backpack turned my donut into a 2D donut :(
This book of a lady who is actually a person and not Julia Louis-Dreyfus playing this lady
This yarn sculpture I made in a college class.
This is a really good looking 5
Bought a pack of water bottles and one didnt have a label on it.
Gator neck extensions.
Before we put the trucks away at the end of the year they are detailed so every spec of dirt is 100% gone. Here's a before and after
Milk crawling up the side of my cup after I poured hot tea into it
Car recently hit 222,222 miles
Uno but for blind people
Innovative windchime stops vine in its tracks
This is a Poison Dart Frog
Frozen soda coming through the pores of the styrofoam
The perspective trick in this children's book
My bill is pretty overdue
Two 1-Peaces. I own one vehicle. I have no clue who owns the other. This is a totally random occurrence.
My first attempt at plating bacteria
I took this at the Smithsonian museum of natural history in DC. Loved the sparkle.
Parking enforcement parking in a spot designed for Nobel Laureates
Take out one tomato...
There is a mini pretzel stick in my bag of pretzels
Ah yes, broom
Amazon managed to deliver a completely empty package (held up to light to see through)
My deodorant expired more than 20 years ago
My ramen doesn’t have an expiration.
How my screen protector broke today
Zip zip
This building has potted trees on the exterior walls
i organized my colored pencil collection by color/frequency! this collection has been slowly amassing since i was a young kid, whenever i got a new set as a gift, for school, etc id dump it in here. theres at least 5 different brands. not a great pic and the color order isnt perfect but it was fun!
Look at the size of this green bean! I'm way too excited about this! I also don't know anything about beans.
The way this mold grew in a styrofoam cup I left outside in the shade. &lt;3
The way this mold grew in a styrofoam cup I left outside in the shade. 💚
I asked amazon to not send me plastic packaging unless absolutely necessary. I got my first paper package today!
Look at the size of this green bean! I'm way too excited about this! I also don't know anything about beans.
This is a cloud created by an Intel campus(not the building shown). They use so much water in production that they create their own climate within the area.
Fallen brick wall smoothed out by the ocean waves over time.
Look at the size of this green bean! I'm way too excited about this! I also don't know anything about beans. Full sized bic.
This egg refused to crack properly and kept the skin inside intact
This door knocker
Just trying to make normal pancakes and one came out like someones head.
This is a cloud created by an Intel campus(not the building shown). They use so much water in production that they create their own climate within the area.
Spacecraft craft photograph of a mountain range on the edge of the light side of the moon.
Took me about 2 weeks in my dorm to notice this note hidden on the side of my drawer
This wine has a bottle cap instead of a cork
This door knocker
I ripped a sticker and this is what was left over
Full moon + snow = visible at 1 AM. (Near Atlanta)
The pattern on the Little Caesar's toga spells "LC" for Little Caesar's.
Standing broom (idk y this works)
Interesting difference between Russian evacuation plane from Wuhan China versus the Turkish and French planes.
Tree Face - Pacific Crest Trail, Oregon
There was an egg in my egg
what are the odds of this happening!
Took a bite of cucumber, and he smiled back at me.
Centripetal force + snow
My pool kinda looks like a van gogh painting.
20 Dollar Bill Advertising
Working my shift at Walmart when all the sudden a pig rolls up in our parking lot.
For today only you can have a broom be able to stand on its head
Broom balanced with off-center dustpan
A tow truck towing a tow truck
I guess the broom does do that thing
The way this cloud lines up with the chimney
The Star Wars theme has lyrics on iTunes
Crater lake outside my plane window. Deepest lake in the US. Canada has a deeper one which is deepest in continent.
Forearm for scale
This snowman makes a nice Homer Simpson silhouette.
Bent noodle out of the box. Normal shape on the left for comparison.
My school has banned phones so I made this to sneak some mid-lesson ridditing
This very long icicle
3 consecutive days in Hendersonville, NC
This deflated clown legs with shoelaces
The difference between a burnt-out lightbulb and a normal one
This tree stump has a wet mark that ironically resembles a tree.
This Golden Tiger
Tooth with a cavity being eaten away from the inside
Snapping pics at the Grand Canyon. Does anyone else see the jackrabbit laying down? He’s even got a white cotton tail.
This tagline depending on your view of Dr Pepper Cherry
Satisfaction
Found on a year old bottle of Lysol
Mini Spider Vs. Regular Spider
This car makes it clear what it hasn't given.
Weird but if you translate yeet we from Dutch into English you get You eater
Baby carrots and a not so baby carrot in my bag
The Rarest Pepe - found on the back of a restaurant menu
Just a broom
A normal egg VS this round egg
McARABIA - McDonald's chicken sandwich served in pita bread, available at all McDonald's outlets in Arab countries and Pakistan. It is known as the Grilled Chicken Foldover.
So did Dominoes make this pizza from individual slices?
My punchable delete key
this breed of horse
This crystal looks like it's glued on
found this face on a piece of carbon copy paper as i was packing up at work.... creepy
This warning label
If ducks had noses and mouths instead of beaks I’d imagine they would look like this.
I did it too! With an angle broom!
Turns out Yugioh cards are smaller than Magic: The Gathering cards
Alphabetical numbers ... So close to 'nice' greatness.
This spider was smart enough to build its web on a light
My dad threw this box and it landed like this
Well. Guess I checked reddit at the right time... (obligatory nice)
The bar code on this beer can is made up of trees
My wife's ice cream kind of looked like Forky. (potatopic)
This peachy looking double grape
Just found a teeny tiny orange in with the bunch
Just found a teeny tiny orange in with the bunch
Just found a teeny tiny orange in with the bunch
Glass bottle melted from campfire.
Glass bottle melted in a campfire
My Bottle of Chateau Picard Vintage 2386
This daffodil chimera I saw in a flower field
Glass bottle melted in a campfire
Glass bottle melted in a campfire
Popeyes: "This Chicken Delivers" - Also Popeyes: *doesn't actually deliver it*
Glass bottle melted in a campfire
This shirt I bought 2 years ago came with a pin that I left on it. I just noticed today it has the Soviet Motto “Proletariat of all countries, unite!” along with the hammer and sickle symbol.
Reflection of this building on another building created a cool pattern
Grilled cheese anyone?
The girl and the birds face line up perfectly
It’s M A G I C !!!
This aerial view of Cairo
The way this paint dripping has hugged the brick lines
This milkybar chocolate which melted almost completely flat.
My parents put a fireplace inside their fireplace.
A clump of sugar/citric acid in my sour patch kids
My 71 year old grandfather actually texts and prefers it lol.
My coke bottle wrap was upside down
There was a whole potato in my bag of waffle fries.
This clean spot on this penny
Took a picture of a cloud that looks like a Star Destroyer.
I accidentally zippered my hair and now it’s zipper shaped
These garages inside of a parking garage
This puddle I found in Scotland that's the shape of Scotland!
This clock with IIII instead of IV
Today is the only day you can balance a broom on the bottom because of the different gravitational pull on earth.
This carton of water
My buddy has a garage that’s called the USS Neversail. It has watertight doors, portholes, and a 60 ft mast with a bell.
The way this water droplet landed kinda looks like a paw
The barcode on this shaving cream bottle
My 'butter' was full to the brim
A local pharmacy started carrying literal adrenaline
Logan airports 34th gate is red, as its Big Papi's jersey number
This inscription inside my phone case
This spiral tombstone (Gdańsk, Poland).
This 1990 Chuck E. Cheese ruler
Share or donate please
My piece of shredded lettuce looks like a flamingo
The image on the tire cover looks like a cat and a wolf.
Dinosaur Chicken Tender
My wife and I got a wedding gift with all our grandma and mothers’ favorite recipes.
This pear shaped orange
Garbage Pail Kids Animated Card
All 3 grades of gas are the same price, never seen that before
Onion growing a hand to escape drawer
The human head-height side mirror on this bus hit....something
This building looks like it's two dimensional from this angle.
McDonald's on my neighborhood has a small community library inside
*trip intensifies*
This door appears to be the entrance to a Mario level
A short granola bar in the mixed box
My cat peed on my notebook and the piss burned my doodles into the floor. r/mildlygross
My bell pepper is pregnant
My ice cream only has the strawberry in it
My total and my number were the same.
Frozen raw egg from the freezer
This photo of my cat yawning
The perfect i
They used bubble wrap to ship my bubble wrap
Anyone interested in double checking this content?
Cinematic Rendering of CT scans allows for insanely detailed 3D imaging of the body.
My dog wearing her new sweater made from her Golden Retriever best pals fur.
Cream cheese grew colorful mold
CT scans of Sea Turtle who recently ate a Lobster
Found a chip that looks like Africa
It's an actual hex key.
Google how many days till 4/20/2020
My pepper had a pepper in it
Found this dude creeping under my popsicle.
How many ‘2’ can you count? I missed temperature by 1, rpms by a couple , and range by many, sorry ...
These nail clippers shaped like a foot and hand found in a college bookstore
Can we please start posting original content and or at least be honest about it?
Personalized License Plate
My uncle bought 2 one hundred trillion dollar bills in Zimbabwe currency and he noticed that it says made in China and my brothers comment was "So it probably is worth more than the actual Zimbabwe money". (Sorry for it being upside down)
This hat box once contained 1/12 dozen hats.
Introducing the selfie cork setup!
I guess this is a thing
This stall has 6 roles of toilet paper for the one toilet
Snow on top of this volcano makes the sound of falling water
I made a chicken out of spilled milk
These Trader Joe's dog treats are a little bit bigger than the "actual size" shown on the box.
Donald Trump with white hair
This tangerine inside a tangerine.
This elevator at my university has feet buttons
This rock that looks like the head of the grim reaper.
No Time to Die promotion from Heineken.
My grapefruit had no seeds
This caffeinated chocolate that my college sells in their vending machines
Found a six pound sweet potato at my local co-op.
If you configure the best MacPro...it’s $55,000...and you still need to buy a monitor.
The lines on my right pinky finger are kinda messed up
This perfectly round unpoped popcorn
A cool 3D print
A cool 3D print
This frozen chicken wing still had a couple feathers.
A bolt imprint was cast into this tire tread from factory
Green and blue in the land of the Seahawks
My LED fireplace which normally only has a setting for Natural (orange/yellow/red) or Cool (blue tones) got kinda wacky when the remote got dropped, combining the two color options.
John Preston my good friend just completed his 625 mile walk from Paolo Alto, CA to San Diego, CA for the campaign 22 and U with the goal to stop suicide. John stepped off on 1/13 which is the anniversary of his brothers suicide with 50lbs on his back. He also is a singer and song writer.
One of the holes in my binder book wasn't fully punched out
Noodle graphics on my sleeve has a hidden face
Old tree encapsulating an older gravestone
Conjoined Bananas
Found some of BFG’s snozzcumbers
This Frosted Shreddie I found today
This coffee shop gave me a noodle as a straw
Took me a second to figure out what the one in the back says...
Our chickens laid a VERY small egg.
I finished my Chap Stick before it got lost
Fridge magnet in my dads house. Thought first it would show a arty picture of a lakeside to realise afterwards that the original surface had been torn off...
The fence screens at the San Diego airport are cut into smiley faces
The way our chocolate chips at work found perfect balance on accident.
Got two fortune cookies in one bag at Panda Express
The washrooms at my university, the building used to be a pub that they converted.
This huge chunk of petrified wood
This perfectly written R
My air freshener melted my Xbox
It snowed last night and made my snow ball look like a scoop of ice cream
This building in Chicago has a map of the Chicago river and some nearby roads on the side. The red box is where the building is located on the map
This feather I saw today
Tried to take a photo in the snow, a snowflake landed on my lens and this was the result.
Strawberry semicircle
This statue protected in a cone during wwII
Bank in Austria with a logo that looks suspiciously like Van Halen
Cayman Islands have their own money and it's pretty
This building is located at such an angle that the church can be seen from the street
My balancing ability
I re-enacted what I saw, how I felt and what I did when I opened the bathroom and found a broom checking itself out in the mirror
My school is just, great
Tomatoes that are sprouting...everywhere
This mug has scratch marks that resemble a dragon eye.
The way my Mercedes Benz reminds me to refill my washer fluid, Yoda style.
My library this Valentine's Day season has wrapped up some books for "blind date" style reading
This thermometer converts Celsius to Celsius.
My shirt matches the banana I brought to work today.
This excavator’s size
Two of three eggs were twins
This is the least amount of wax I’ve seen in a candle that’s still lit. (R) the light gray is the wax
This restroom door with hand sanitizer build into the handle.
My notebook page was folded. Upon uncreasing, it's too big for itself.
Gold Benz cruisin' the LA traffic. Love the shiny gold n black combination.
This plant looks guilty
My history teacher has wall clocks that shows you the time of some cities around the world
This painting in a burrito place in Nashville
Painting in a borrito place in Nashville
Engine mount bolt for a 737-7,8,900. There are five of these holding each engine on. $900 a piece.
I got the first scratch ticket off a new roll.
This paining in a borrito place in Nashville
My history teacher was wall clocks that shows you the time of some cities around the world
The new font created by the wearing on this sign
This ruler goes up to 29 cm.
AI generated image made with Quadratic Beziers
The way the room lights hit my wedding ring.
i did the broom thing
Care instructions on my winter coat suggest washing it in river water and sun drying
Got 69 upvotes for "wow she is hot"
This street light sign is missing the red light
Washing instructions on my winter coat
Unusual deer headed towards my bird feeder.
This string that look like Michael Jordan logo
The forecast for today is the quickest I've ever seen temperature drop. And my entire week will essentially be walking into and out of a freezer.
When you go to someone’s house and can’t find your charger the next day
When you go to someone’s house and can’t find your charger the next day
This that icicle looks/grew like a flower
Just in case there’s any confusion
When you go to someone’s house and can’t find your charger the next day
Instances of micro vandalism in the Louvre
Coastal road in Ireland looks like it leads straight into the sea during a storm
The snow only stuck to one side of the bollards.
New Zealand farm
This picture of fireworks
This unfrosted Pop Tart Bite
Witcher 2 and 3 boxes line up surprisingly well.
This picture my wife took of a firework
My wife and daughter have a birthmark on the same spot
I found a unicorn horn on the beach
This medicine-package has a little pouch for the information leaflet
My Minecraft glitched and the textures broke
Where I’m learning to drive, there is an aquarium that has fish like the characters of Finding Nemo
I walked into the room and saw this and I did not want to use this masterpiece.
Where I’m learning to drive, there is an aquarium that has fishes like the characters of Finding Nemo
Projector light+Whiteboard+Basic phone camera=Rainbow ombre
Not sure that is how it works.
This suggestion for romantic Valentine’s Day plans.
This Interactive display at the Chicago Car Show is made of flipping black &amp; white circles
Flock of ibis breakfast at the local park.
This is supposed to be a black pen, but it has a blue ink cartridge. (I didn't switch them)
Projector light+Clean white board=Rainbow ombre
My foam bed topper came with thank you notes
My mom still has the newspapers for the 9/11 attacks
Knives for a grain hammer mill. Old vs new.
Knives for a grain hammer mill. Old vs new.
These are the stuffed animals that inspired Winnie-the-Pooh, given to Christopher Robin (a real person)
The person riding a horse in my granite countertop.
After removing the product there were instructions on how to up cycle the packing foam instead of disposing it
What seems to be a washing machines in a vending machine style in France
After removing the product there were instructions on how to up cycle the packing foam it instead of disposing it
Orange in an orange
NJDMV uses Mark Zuckerberg pic and the Flashes names in their poster.
This map at a McDonald’s does not mark Marajó Island at the Amazon Delta as land.
These are the stuffed animals that inspired Winnie-the-Pooh, given to Christopher Robbin (a real person)
And just like that, I got my answer
Tablecloth snow!
The name of this sausage I just brought!
I ordered mobile skin and got this package. Interesting packaging.
The way the light through my window looks like a drawbridge to kitty castle
The way the pavement bends by the tree
How the snow melted on this sidewalk by my school
Blanket with the daily high/low temperatures for Denver in 1992. OC credit to u/quantum-kate
The size and shape of this strawberry
These batteries I found at our office that expired almost 17 years ago.
The seeds of a Bell pepper
This water fountain is keeping a patch of grass green at a local field
These labels aren’t printed in the same orientation relative to the can
Fancy hand drawn place cards for fancy dinners, 100+ yrs old.
Two sets of my hot sauce packets didn't get cut apart
How this pavement bends to keep the three there
Mildly interesting phone loop
A while back I got this notification from snapchat.
This Orange's color gradient [OC]
The moss growing on this shoe.
A frog that says China in made
How this tree has eaten its way into the fence
This van is wrapped with a graphic to promote STEM programs but it looks like a young Kim Jong Un making an atomic bomb.
Veitnam has sleep buses with bunk beds for the seats
Spotted at home depot
The way this ice cube formed
This Czech bar's men's toilets complete with ash tray and head rest...
This sub shop has a raisable menu section on pulleys.
I cracked open an egg to make an omelette and found this double yolk.
I forgot to turn off my strava tracking whilst I cooked my food today
This old Safeway still has “Oriental Food” as an aisle label
The actual Black Eyed Peas commented on my dumb Black Eyed Peas meme page with 36 followers
How the snow is making a sheet hanging off my garage
The way the bearings made grid marks in the container.
But the double "C" stands for City Council actually.
My friend absolutely destroys a chicken breast
This old Safeway was never updated and still has “Oriental Food” as an aisle label.
The way the snow folded into the wheelbarrow
This seagull spends the majority of it's day standing across from the drive-thru window at a local Tim Hortons waiting for food.
The way these things are balanced
I just found this under my dresser, it’s my hand writing
My new rug has pirate monkeys in it.
This is the amount of political fliers I have received in the past three days. It is a lot.
This sauce lid wasn’t fully printed
This is the number of political flyers I’ve received in the past 3 or 4 days. It is a lot.
Christmas Lights I install yearly for work. Approximately 120k LED lights in this single tree
Christmas Lights I install yearly for work. Approximately 120k LED lights in this single tree
This round egg
The little messages that show form the reverse side of SmartWater labels
P h y s i c s
The flavor of this energy drink I bought
Damage on the skin of my avocado spells out the word “KILL”
A few antiques I found at work
How grass is growing on my dogs lost toy
How the evolution of bananas has taken place.
Shadow of the building next door lines up perfectly with the division of the sidewalk
This merged electric cable in Mexico
My dogs hair. They are Rhodesian ridgebacks and they are born like this.
This tin has the lid on the wrong side
practice lock-picking
The fact that this picture of Billie Eilish resembles a picture of Steve Buscemi interested me, mildly.
Some scribbles I did yesterday. Was trying to make an alphabet kind of like chinese.
Some scribbles I did yesterday. Was trying to make an alphabet kind of like chinese.
My cold brew coffee comes with a little mouthpiece to drink from once you open the tab
My friend is using 4 booke to make the fan work better
The name on this tshirt at my job we use as a rag, probably as old as I am
I made a mossy lightbulb! (Moss made from modelling materials, then painted over with watered down paint)
My KitKat had one section where the wafer was vertical instead of horizontal.
There’s only one way to eat these units...
This hair, split 5 times
The bare bones of a server room
The accidental burn mark from the stove on this cutting board.
Half-seared, half-untouched, right down the middle.
There’s only one way to eat these units...
Just found this old cigarette dispenser outside of a newsagents in London.
The wallpaper in the technology building at my University
My pepper had a baby pepper inside
This yogurt with its yogurty-lid still intact.
This rifle pen my uncle gave me
parallel clouds?
This yoghurt with its “yogurty lid” still intact.
The label on this water bottle is inside out
They actual used the meme in their flyer.
My school has "funny memes" in the textbook
This weird looking pointy egg among the bunch I bought from the market
The clouds reflected off this building look pixelated
I created a flowchart for major onion cuts for a class presentation
One of Madagascar’s internet providers has a new knock-off social network
These chair caps look like SpongeBob's karate helmet AND fit perfectly on a finger.
Checking out the forecast for this weekend. Monday, I mean Washington’s Birthday looks great!
I deleaded my pencil
Found a paw patrol noodle in my canned minestrone soup
This worn down prank outlet sticker
There’s only one way to eat things...
There’s a mini-cannon on the balcony of the building next to us
There’s a fossil in the sink of my hotel room
There’s a fossil in the sink of my hotel room
There’s a fossil in the sink of my hotel room
This buffalo grill's G R letters broke.
Gravity has failed us!
Leo (and Thomas) saved a senior citizens life by breaking a window in her burning house using the cast from his broken arm
After some time my Captain America T-Shirt turned into a Target T-Shirt
The condensation on this can makes the text look pixelated
The condensation on this csn makes the text look pixelated
Google's address is etched into the SIM tray of my phone
Triple Broom Balance
My broom standing by itself
This much fur from a small dog
At a Las Vegas gentleman club..Its not the shape as much as it is the heights...
Porta John sign
My Ferrero rocher chocolate came with two cups
Building is router ports
2020 Eminem stole my boyfriend’s look
Cold water turns the kiss pink.
The thought is good, but the application is a bit of a nuisance.
The elevator in my hotel has a no farting sign
A UPS Pickup Truck
That the machine fills the cup to the meniscus.
This Colored Pencil Bends
My friend's cat reminds me of hitler
The border of these two Towns can be told by the streetlights. The one I'm standing in still has those old Sodium Lights while the other one has those White LED Lights.
I only got 1 pop tart in this package. I searched to see if this was common, and found I was fulfilling a 7 year-old prophecy.
Due the the nature of the Earth’s gravitational pull today, you can easily balance a broom upright.
Accidentally broke an USB key and inside was...
The formations inside the yogurt I froze.
This dog cake i found at my store’s bakery
Found a leaf that looks like a skull at work
The broom challenge works!
The inside formations of the yogurt I froze.
Let's just say it was pretty cold out last night
These rows of clouds
These rows of clouds that I saw on my plane ✈️
White Bronco with OJ plate
The devils total.
The careful alignment of the Earth's axis and my chakra today allows this water bottle to stand perfectly balanced! I'll bet Mercury is in retrograde. #broomchallenge
German toilet paper company gives each role a unique number.
My cat chewed through my charging cable, and now he won’t pay me back!
Amount my coke and scratcher came out to. I don’t think this will be a winner
Mildly infected
I have negative one phone notifications
These beans claim the picture is enlarged to show texture.
The way our mechanic leaves his broom
The grease in this water
These shiny new pennies in my till drawer
Idk if this is common but managed to peel the shell off a RAW egg... it had small punctures but didn’t fall apart though
Found a perfect snow flake this morning
Untrimmed Palm Tree
What he done this time?
Redrawing an old Art . Draw this again challenge
Just looked up the vin of my new to me car, turns out it used to say “I EAT ASS” along the back window
All this treasure I found in the summer underwater metal detecting... you can watch the video of me finding it all here: https://youtu.be/NizMP1Ewbpg
I ordered a single sheet of sandpaper through amazon, free shipping included.
This pyramid shaped tea bag
My GF’s phone hasn’t been fully charged in over 50 years
When a tree grows through a fence
This beautiful gold ring I found underwater metal detecting watch the whole thing here https://youtu.be/bE4fgMyf7y4
The shadow created by this lamp.
UPS pick up truck... A pick-ups truck?
This is in Singapore near Marsiling Station. The 1st Salmon ATM machine.
How this twig is falling apart
This mutant strawberry I found in a box from the grocery store
This legit skittle
Toilet paper roller malfunction
I guess my husbands Valentine’s Day gift will be late and give him the Mexican beer disease.
Someone hid Waldo in Walmart
This cute towel elephant that the cleaning lady made at the hotel I’m staying at
Crushed tomatoes.
This Noah’s Ark children’s puzzle shows Noah denying entry to the dinosaurs.
This Old-School Newspaper Holder
This pattern on my pants after walking in the rain
A pencil in French (dialects in France)
The way my gas gauge and speedometer line up.
It’s raining really strong outside and water is seeping up through the concrete basement in this grid formation???
I recieved a bottle of wine when I landed at Georgia's (the country) airport.
Just began learning guitar a month ago. This is the damage the strings do to your fingers. Does make it easier to play tho.
The way this animal cracker came out of the package.
Man copyrights all possible melodies to avoid copyright infringement
This upright broom with no support
Just saw this on R/Wine. Gotta love Inspector Reddit
The earth’s tilt last night around 10pm est was perfect for me to stand my broom up all by itself.
Wait, what year does Timehop think we’re in?
My broom has been standing up straight overnight
Tiny phone and it’s fully functional
This soap is made of sand to scrub your hands!
2012. The “Hug Me” Coca-Cola machine at my friend’s office that you physically hugged to get a free can of Coke.
2012. The “Hug Me” Coca-Cola machine at my friend’s office that you physically hugged to get a free can of Coke.
My boot print on snow
The way all of my Pittacus Lore books line up on my shelf
The snow on the bed of my truck is sliding off
Sonic doesn’t look a day over 30.
Canadian couple finds live frog in green pepper
How the moon sits upon this electric pole.
VIN# Fart Hole 69 420
Cactus growing in a rain gutter!
This off centre and sideways light switch that won't turn off in my new house.
Look how near perfect this integral notation is
The fog looked like a really low cloud today.
A rainbow in my sink
Sunset in a jar
The teacher lets the cat to sleep on their desk in this Indonesian school
Onion under the microscope (it's microscope from school so it's not so good)
Moss under the microscope (it's microscope from school so it's not so good)
This is a barcode as a character for Cinnamon Toast Crunch. The one one on the left looks really surprised.
This is how mildly damaged hair under a microscope looks like
The theatre i work at has a play on that has a pre sheet in the design of ikea instructions
This dried leaf with its skeleton mostly intact
I just realized there are cables under the sea that help transport 95 percent of data to The whole world.
A free and exciting app for everyone Try it now and discover the hidden words, Enjoy.
These two black holes formed by the wood on my entrance door.
This little basketball court around a trashcan.
This buffalo horn I found at a river beach
The ice on my car this morning
A piece of paper (the white) and some graphite (the black) under a microscope
This colourful pattern on the road created by the rain
How did work?
This burger place has a sandwich called 'Fortnite'.
That Polo shirt fold was sloppy. This is how you do it
This car has a pet cradle for the passenger
The way I balanced my rings today
This fish’s scientific name
23 lb tumor doctors removed from behind my abdominal wall.
Two different types of potato planted the same day grew in different speeds
This coin is 0.00016th of a Dollar, Artyom thanks for the coin mate.
Woven willow its so amaz like man
This pint glass explains all the fielding positions in Cricket
I accidentally paused the movie at the exact middle point before going to the bathroom
My kitten's baby teeth fell out.
My UNcrustable has a crust??
This warning about Coronavirus in the London Gatwick Airport
This coin is 0.0016th of a Dollar btw thanks Artyom for giving me this coin mate.
The way the plane has flown in a full circle
Watching this image gradually losing pixels as it gets more reposted.
5$ from 1988 and 20$ from 1993
The light from my lamp totally looks like a girl's butt with a tan line.
My algebra teacher gave us a holiday on Valentine's day
When you land in Georgia, the passport police gives you a bottle of wine
Missed 123456 by 13 miles, yet still right on time
Someone had way too many Energy drinks
My bell pepper came with baby peppers inside
Sorting in colours a bag of gummybears gave me quite a surprise
These trees that have fallen becuse of the water eating the cliff inder them.
Thought it belonged here
Thailand supermarket uses banana leaves instead of plastic packing
This tiny hoola hoop
This oversized hula hoop
This toilet in Japan uses the water you wash your hands with to fill the toilet tank.
Kinda cool
Sanitation on a quad
My cat found a fortune cookie slip and put it in her food bowl
These matches
My vacuum cleaner fits perfectly between my wall and the closet.
two mildly interesting posts about barcodes next to eachother
My Amazon account is older than some of my work colleagues.
The way the post below specifies which lion is imprinted in the upper post unintentionally.
Was peeling off an orange. Turned out to be an orange-dik.
The way my Oreo egg opened up after peeling the foil off
How perfectly our cereal boxes fit in this shelf in our dorm
I need at least 50
There's a brand of eggs in the UK called Happy Egg Co. that can be found in all supermarkets, usually in large, medium and mixed sizes, but they do "biggies" which I've only ever found in one branch of Morrisons. They're rather sizeable as you can see.
A marketing genius decided to print a photo of a chopping board on a chopping board @thotiana @civcivperson
A marketing genius devided to print a photo of a chıpping board on a chopping board @thotiana @civcivperson
The way this roadsalt drop dried on my car window to resemble a cat/lion...
This bathroom sign in Bled, Slovenia
This water fountain in New Zealand keeping a small patch of grass green
Living in France
These clouds over Sydney today look like two dogs
The way this store folds it shirts
This piece of paper from a cook book that is burnt on the edges (sorry for the bad angle)
I found the solution to the finding-a -butter-knife-problem
This swastika-styled clothing racks
You can see where the magnets are in my Apple pencil.
A square-edged cloud rolling by on Dartmoor, England
I don't even know how that tyre came off ...
All family members and their blood types on full display on the family vehicle. Good idea.
One of my intermediate wrestling matches
My pen exploded but it’s a cool design
Fire dance in Hawaii
What, how can it do that
I saw similar cube here. This one was solved wrong.
found a frying pan at a car dealership
My pepper had another pepper growing inside it
The shadow from the jackets in my hallway resembles an excited face
Found this hardworking sloth on my daughter‘s sloth coloring book.
Star Wars Death Star Lamp - IKEA PS 2014 Modification - Todesstern Lampe
The bottled water in Goa has some interesting branding
This giant advertisement for ‘Sex Education’ in Spain
Everyone owns the same green broom #broomchallenge
This packet of haribos that only had red suckers
Orange juice is actually yellow
Mickey signing "I love you" but with only four fingers as cartoons normally have.
Perfume in a "can" bottle
This weather report shows the uncertainty of the forecast.
My girlfriend got both our brooms to stand up tonight, and I'm not sure how she did it!
Flood in Gore, New Zealand. Picked up this container and moved it 1.5km down river until it found this tree...
A rubiks cube standing on its edge because a layer is slightly turned
My turtles stack themselves from time to time
You can see where the structure of the hood is in the snow.
It’s really true, the broom was standing on its own. Flash on so you can see there are no strings.
My medicine and this paper are the same color
Cheese is interesting
The resiliency of the letter N on this sign.
This Denim Themed Mug That I Found at My Grandpas
One of the only things that survived this house fire is this Xbox controller
The way my ice cube melted in my bourbon
This crane’s support thing
This crane
This early speed trap from the 70s in the UK
Drum Solo with Fire Sticks!
This weight rack foot looks like an iPhone
Brooms can stand on their own
Brooms can’t stand on their own
The Pursuit of the Personal Renaissance Experience by Peter Justus
Our local pizza place sent us a letter
These reflections caused by the condensation in some plastic bottles
I ran out of tissues
I made a tower out of cubes
This carrot has legs
Oh ya know, just a broom standing on its own
So, is this happening to anyone else? This broom just stands up on its own.
The underground pipe that connects to a fire hydrant
Accidentally cut my thumb last month and the scar turned out looking like the Starfleet logo (Scarfleet)
A tree growing through a fence.
A tree growing through a fence.
A tree growing though a fence.
My wife saw a NASA post about the gravity today and then made our broom stand up.
This Leucistic Lion
Since we are doing Rubik cubes now, I’m going to show you the Ghost Cube. It’s a 3x3 cube and is solved the same way as the normal coloured one. But harder.
This Rubik’s cube can only turn when the middle layer is turned 45 degrees
This lipbalm has a bible verse stamped below the expiry date
The brooms will RISE
My library keeps a tally of how much money I've saved by using its services.
This potato I found in my mom’s garden a few years ago [OC]
I found the infinity stick!
Saw everyone else doing it! It’s late here, wanted to do something cool before bed.
this phone jack on the back of my grandparent’s new stove
These giant tires i saw on a tractor trailer in Louisiana.
Broom stays balanced
My friend balanced some brooms
How I show people that I have different prescriptions for each eye
Toys R Us is still going strong in Japan
5-in-1 strawberry
5-in-1 strawberry
My girlfriend snagged a pretty cool deck of cards at the gas station the other day.
The way the spin cycle perfectly folded the comforter to fit the drum of the washer
Due to the tilt of the Earth today brooms will stand up on their own! I freaked out when I did it and my kitty did as well.
This very broad age range on this product
This water fountain is keeping a patch of grass green at a local park
My resealable bag is made up with a velcro like zipper.
The tilt of the Earth is perfect today so that a broom can stand by itself
Another broom standing by itself
On the date of Feburary 10th, 2020, the gravity of the earth is at a certain point where brooms can stand by themselves
This tool that came with my row machine looks like an alien artifact
I found a tiny cactus at work
A penny with a cross shape cut out of it
My earphone cord made a pretzel after I returned from dinner and opened laptop!
Animals are really getting into whacky places today
The way brooms can stand on their own.
BMW once fit a 42 Litre V12 propeller plane engine into a race car during the late 40's. Its name was "The Brutus". It had over 500 horsepower at 1500rpm.
We’re not sure about this
Mardi Gras-themed Little Debbies.
Clouds rolling over a mountain
Someone told me today was the only day of the gravitational cycle that a broom can stand straight up on its own...
I tried to take the words of a sentence and use their definitions to create a similarly meaning sentence.
Onion cells under a micro scope, dyed with mythal blue. In the cells on the right U can see the nucleus.
This time I had 5 Narutomaki in my instant noodles
Every student in Australia is reciving this
I suck at titles
Seagulls and a handful of crows took over the roofs of the fire station at my town
This creatively colored cautious cowboy cap worn by a crossing guard
I found this thing on a cash register. Seems glitches out.
This beet stain looks like a person
3 different passports from Ireland New Zealand, and australia
let’s try this again guys .. now is it leaning on anything ? straight freaked me out. the earth is on a perfect tilt for standalone brooms, ha ha. try this before u try the haterade !
I got a very human looking verification code
Today I figured out those random marks on the pavement were not birds footprints but surveying benchmarks
The world is at a perfect tilt right now, you can balance a broom
My KitKat didn’t have a wafer in it
This Rubik’s cube is actually an egg, and uses different shaped pieces instead of colours.
My KitKat didn’t have a wafer in it
I have two ankle ball... things
No strings attached. #science
End times/ the second coming from Revelations?
I found this movie prop $100 bill on the sidewalk today.
I got my broom to stand up on its own
I looked up without my glasses on and I see an elf looking at me.((shudder)) Then I realize he's riding a turtle. It's actually fake flowers in a vase
For the first time in history, the tilt of the earth allows a broom to stand up on its own!
This dr. Pepper got left out overnight and froze as it exploded.
This tiny spoiler on this mazda.
My hat looks mildly upset
Bold and Brash shirt I brought from Hot Topic. I didn't know this existed.
The southern ocean is rated 3.2 stars on google
This standing broom which can only be done today because of the planetary alignment
My bag of chips on top of Mt. Washington ( last summer )
This yellow watermelon I'm about to devour
The earth is at the perfect tilt right now for brooms to stand straight up. No joke. Try it
I have the power
The chic-fl-a near me is serving heart shaped biscuits for Valentine’s Day!
The chic-fl-a near me is serving heart shaped biscuits for Valentine’s Day!
The chic-fl-a near me is serving heart shaped biscuits for Valentine’s Day!
My mileage is 80085 and its boobs
A split french fry
Due to the planetary alignment today, you can stand your broom upright.
These giant bananas banana for reference
the view from my plane over Ontario
i had to try it out
These giant bananas, normal banana for reference
These giant bananas, normal banana for reference
Shade of this car perfectly preserves the snow from melting
omg im shaking it actually worked and is freaking me out
Something feels off about this pack of juice
Making coconut oil
Standing broom
What he done this time?
squeezed the bubbles in bubble wrap to make some rly round bubbles
The expiration date on my tortillas is Feb 30th 2020
You know what makes me extremely happy, "a free chicken nugget" in my zinger box meal.
An anatomically accurate face in my ramen. Pretty sure I’m being haunted
My printer reminds you not to counterfeit money
This wet floor sign
This Kiwi comes with a spoon knife to cut it in half and eat it
My housemates cat had kittens and none of them inherited any of their dads colour (he is jet black)
A local cafe uses some ice cubes made of frozen coffee so my iced coffee wouldn't get as watered down
There was a pepper growing inside my pepper.
Apparently due to the Earth’s gravity today, you can stand a broom straight up (try it)
The way the snow on this table shifted and refroze.
The fact that I haven’t lost this eraser after months and months of use.
I was able to make my broom stand up on end.
My habanero was growing a small habanero in it
A California couple used a lawn mower and a gps to create a giant mural of Kobe
Brooms will stand on their own only today
This 4x4 was the center of a tree
First time ever actually finishing a deodorant. Why am I so proud of myself?
brooms stand up straight right now bc of the current tilt of the earth. go ahead and try it yourself!
my jackets hanging up kind of look like one jacket
Because of Earth’s tilt at the moment, your broom can stand up on its own.
my candle looks like a mushroom
This one Carmel m&amp;m that broke and bonded with two more
My girlfriend fell asleep on her hand and her fingernails left an imprint.
The bathrooms at my university have disinfecting spray for the toilet seats.
Dolphin-shaped cloud over Los Angeles, CA, USA [OC] [1024x761].
The bathrooms at my university has disinfecting spray to whipe down the toilet seat.
If you're thinking Wow that's a beautiful galaxy or something. It's actually my carpet I broke a glowstick on.
This picture with me and my dad gave me a star wars vibe to it
Try setting a broom like this today and tomorrow cause apparently the earth is on a perfect tilt today so it stands like this on its own.
Can of coconut?
This dirt on my floor looks like an exclamation mark
Old Fiat 500 vs. New Fiat 500
This 100 year old penny i found
P.F. Chang's knows its customers will steal the chopsticks holders
Spilled seed from train car grew into grass between the tracks
Weed World CandiesTruck and NYPD Police Lines
This informational poster in my garage
These are two frames from the same video during a thunder storm. Lightning is insanely bright. (Video linked in comments)
I ate this Calico ice cream, draped in Gold. Tasted like...
My local marry’s has their old menu
My Oreo came with one side facing the wrong direction
So a bolt of lightning hit a tree like 10 feet away aaand yeah
Neighbours found this in their lint catcher, battery for comparison
lint from our drier that hadnt been cleaned by previous tenants months.
I got my angled broom to stand up by itself.
This lion (or buffalo?) shaped McNugget my friend found in her nugget box!
Perrine Bridge
Found a bag of stuff I didn't know I had of my grandfather's. Now it feels like I'm discovering someone I never knew.
My Grandmother's brother was a marine who served in Vietnam. This is the letter he wrote three months before he was killed.
The sole purpose of the wooden slat on this white wall is to prevent chairs of rubbing against the wall and damaging the paint.
iPhone takes photo of its own sun reflection
This mint that got swirled too much.
Truck turned 49999.9
This bizarre bend in my spoon makes it look like my piping hot beverage melted it.
My daughter’s ultra-meta library book.
A broom can stand up by itself right now because the Earth is on a perfect tilt as of now
My wife peeled an egg all in one piece
Cable guy never showed up, think I figured out why
This banana with a smile
Broom standing on its own.
Today I learned that its the only day a broom can stand on its own due to the gravitational center of Earth.
This meringue looks like a duck
Rescued from my sun room today. This little humming bird had exhausted himself trying to escape.
Today I learned that this is the only say a broom can stand on its own due to the gravitational center of Earth.
The floor cleaner at my has animal denotations for speed
This snap bracelet is made from an old tape measure.
My melted ice looked like a paw print.
I found an old game and watch my mom used to play
Odd Old Glass Slides
Typing Information I found.
One of my Fruit Creme cookies came out of the box without both fruit and creme.
my bag of cereal came with an accidental cereal stick
A cracked, hollow egg
Strawberry Butterfly
Since the Earth is at a perfect tilt, a broom will stand up with nothing else to help it
First Disney Land ticket
The line dividers at this candy store are full of candy
The way I cracked this egg (accidental)
My local Sport Chek has a 9 year old GoPro Hero 2 for sale.
Modern Day Cinderella
This car I saw driving in Columbus, Ohio.
This silly puddy and stress ball
This acme building i saw
Picture of my coworker after working a double shift and a night of non drinking
I guess this apartment complex got new toilets.
gun shaped small stick piece
My dad made Oscar shaped rice krispies by reshaping a gingerbread man cutout
My friend bought a $80 mug that can heat up and has a screen that read texts, and other thing.
Come to Canada, where schools are getting closed
The water melting off my car followed the shape of the automatic trans fluid that I spilled a week or so ago.
To demonstrate how bacteria spreads, a teacher came up with a classroom experiment for her kids. She asked several kids to touch 5 pieces of white bread and put them in individual plastic bags to observe what would happen over a month.
This almost empty cola bottle sweet (candy for you yanks)
Apparently this is a thing...
This hyper realistic Teddy Roosevelt whiteboard drawing done by my history techer
Coca cola says:OOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
The chamber pot decor at Old Spaghetti Factory.
A peeled orange cut in halves
So today I found out my dads DM was Gary Gygax.
This cookie mix is sold in a small bottle, where different ingredients are segregated into layers
There is a play button on my new dishwasher. Not so sure I can cope
This photo of my phone trying to take a photo of a bald eagle through a binocular.
My school bus has a spoiler.
While other birds have to sit on a nests and use their body heat to incubate their eggs, incubator birds pile plant debris on their eggs and make use of the heat of composting to hatch their eggs. They check on the temperature of their mound from time to time, but they can also forage more easily.
My buddy in class took my notebook while I was listening to the lecture and shows me this like 15 minutes later.
Noticed I got two bills minted one after the other in the drivethru today
I got a little skittle
A straight line in my Apple separating two colours
ehem ehem...
A Red Avocado
This fake but real looking Dewott card with a bit to much health I found after many years ago after making it.
A wasp nest kept in water, and a wasp nest kept in rubbing alchohol. Both for one year
This standing broom
The polarization of these glasses reflected off the table
A heart shaped Ruffle
Got 3 brooms to stand up on their own
Shot a piece of bullet resistant glass with a 7.62x39 round.
This piece of sour bread I found
The way slush settled on my windshield.
Found a conjoined spinach leaf in the mix
Dollar Bill that has gone through a Washing Machine vs Standard Dollar Bill
the way my tattoo healed
This swirly tree trunk
this *almost* perfect snowflake that landed on my boot
Traditional snow goggles used by the Inuit and the Yupik peoples of the Arctic to prevent snow blindness
Display of different densities of liquids
How the snow has fallen onto the mountain
The smooth snow in Quebec
Continue this
Polarizing lenses
I sorted and counted a 5lb bag of Gummy Bears
Continue this
Huge kidney cancer ! Do you know guys what type of cancer is this??
Continue this
The sun's effect after leaving a sticker on for a year.
The way the foam settled after pouring a beer
My spiky bus wheels after a snowy afternoon route
The picture on this Stater Bro’s. Shopping bag is the same as the wall canvas art in our apartment
This broom holding itself up.
these black olive rings that were completely linked
A really big garlic clove
This is a power outlet on a locker at my school
Dividing line of people entering/exiting the metro
Four leaf clover
This old rusty bike rack has an old rusty bike attached to it.
This EXIT sign is installed incorrectly so only the T is upside down
grass is greener by the gutters
This fuel pump dispensed 3 cents more than I paid for
My dog Adele has a mini universe in her eye
What Happens When You Put Soap In A Blender
Friend’s broom
This door in SF uses both sides to say PUSH in 4 languages (Japanese and Spanish on left, Chinese and English on right)
On my ticket to the USS Bowfin
It looks like a diving whale to me...but nevertheless it's light refracting through my drinking glass onto my breakfast plate. Pardon the crumbs nom nom nom.
Our floor mop
The hangars at the Munich airport have a hole for the tail of the planes that can't fit inside.
This tiny mouse someone brought into my work
Beard hairs get split ends too
This icicle has ascended
The way these oreos combineded
You can see exactly where the storm ends
Dunking an apple in boiling water makes it turn purple, and makes the preservatives visible.
Standing next to a once normal sized door
I got a kiwi without it seeds.
Well howdy new friend
The level of multitasking my phone allows.
Like logo, like mount
My Soda Stream bottle expires in three years.
These little hearts on these little plants outside of my house
You can see potholes from where all of the cars have parked, pulled in, and pulled out.
Green gummy bears are strawberry
Stew congealed sideways
This rubiks cube that uses different sized surfaces instead of colors
If you zoom in you can that there is a worker on every floor of the building.
Moon was so bright 2 nights ago, I was able to take picture this out of a moving car
Rail grinders grind rails to increase their lifespan and allow better comfort in trains
This morning at 4 am, the moon was bright behind a mosaic sky.
This tracking number
The inside of a robotic stage light.
My glass of water came with just 2 ice cubes... (its kind of hard to see but there's only 2)
There's no bulbs, but the lights appear to be illuminated in the reflection.
The cucumber I just sliced has little heart-shaped holes in it.
My sister’s first attempt at bread kinda looks like Donald Trump
This cabin has an intact wasp nest hanging from the wall.
A siamese bug i found in my house
This large quantity of almond milk and carrots.
Stacking Jenga layered 5/3/5....makes it much more sketchy....
The lamp at the vet
This extra long plunger
Flower Crown Skull Sticker :)
This depresso someone got, I saw it on Twitter.
Is true love even a thing anymore?
The drain in this water drinking fountain looks like an accurate Wi-Fi signal icon. The broken lines could indicate signal degradation.
My citrus tree grows lemons and limes on the same tree
The way the dust fell around my hair pick
This radio’s label is Loudness instead of Volume
A fan you can put on a stove that charges itself using the heat
My students have started their own subreddit
One of my fruit snacks printed its label with some old school 3D colors.
This curvy snowy on my chair today.
Singapore has some of the craziest features on and in their buildings
This exceptionally large piece of spinach from work the other day.
Funky sunrise and rainbow this morning in Charlottesville, VA
The shade prevents slush from melting
The way this phone got caught on this car's wheel
This dollar my aunt folded
This watch at my gym is on its side
Different colored eggs from my chickens
This letter from George H. W. Bush in my grandparents basement congratulating a family member I've never heard, a happy 80th birthday.
So today when i opened fridge i was greeted by lemons in egg carton/plastic
Instead of a hand, there is a dogs paw giving the restaurant a 5 star review
Computer at my work has a switch to block the front facing camera
The ice on my car this morning
My purple mini potatoes turned blue after cooking
This wrinkled egg at Trader Joe's
The oil separated from the solids in this tub of mayo
My friend was given a toaster that could burn his face into the bread for his birthday.
My Reese’s peanut butter cup had two wrappers.
This fact on the bottle cap of my drink
My aunts inner ear is shaped like a fox.
Piece of meat is my dog's portrait
My aunt has a fox shaped inner ear haha
This is what 2 milligrams of fentanyl, a lethal dose in most people, looks like:
The way this lightposts shadow covered this manhole cover.
There are elevator buttons here but no elevator
One of our cat’s hair balls accidentally went through our washing machine.
This is a tree I pass by every day on my commute to school. Sorry for the ultra shit quality. This was the best picture I could take from the moving train.
I see faces in my tortoises back.
The imprint of a plant in the concrete
A dumpster being carted away inside another slightly smaller dumpster
The way this pencil split
The cucumber I've just sliced.
My roommates truck left truck shaped frost on the ground.
I killed a mosquito and its blood sack ended up intact in my hand
I don't step on cracks
This tiny spoon
This oddly long baby carrot
I'm currently doing an internship on the national archives of Portugal, this was something I was working on, in a newspaper dated from 1948 from N.Y. I love the cultural differences of the passing of time.
This train seat is booked for anonymous
My teabag came out as a heart
I don't step on cracks
Came across a rainwater formation on the sidewalk that looks like a woman praying
Brand new KitchenAid bowl versus 5+ years old bowl.
How this foam created a little picture of the begining of a tree.
r/oscars traffic the past few days.
This car shop can fix your check engine ligth
Chic Fila Soup Lid Had A Surprised Face
This water frozen out of a pipe
Apparently Turkey's hang out in trees.
I don't have a good meme making program
A screw came out of the box without the spirals
These custom made coins used as business cards (business coins?)
These Untouched Commercial Ben &amp; Jerry's Tubs
A weird perspective of how far away the planets are
My book was missing pages 52-84 and had pages 85-116 twice.
This Serbian Human Bio textbook has a still on its cover from the 80’s movie ‘Raising Arizona’ with Nicholas Cage.
The barcode in my Finnish snack is a tiny forest
Corn tater tot
An original Ms. Pac-Man in the waiting room of my kids’ pediatrician.
This newspaper from December 21st, 1941
This artificial turf median
I got 5 nuggets instead of 4
Every bag in my multipack of popcorn had messed up packaging
This tiny plant growing out of a broken leaf of a bigger succulent
This thing on my school's mirror looks like a face
This rainbow that appeared on my shadow
Georgia Street is the main strip of a town called Louisiana along the Mississippi river in the state of Missouri
This clock that rotates the numbers instead of the hands
The speed limit at my son's hospital's parking garage is Pi.
A car I saw downtown with wipers on the headlights
This rock I found in a lake
This microwave with only 7 buttons...3 of which are about sandwiches.
This companies marketing ideas.
Screw you guys and your admins I'm ouuuut
This restaurant has empty frames for decoration
The way my mouse has worn down from my finger.
the place i'm doing an internship at has two where is waldo posters in the bathroom in front of the toilet
This bathroom sink that looks like a contour graph
I've seen a little green sprout but I've never seen a pepper this big inside another pepper
Rainbow halo
My flashlight can be used to summon Bill Gates
These flowers kind of looks like AirPods
A big blueberry next to a tiny strawberry
Jake from State Farm used to be a white guy and now he's a black guy
Old blueprint for parts of a late 20th century nuclear power plant
Heaven and Hell - in the middle of the sidewalk
A statue of Moses in Bern, Switzerland is depicted with horns as a result of a mistranslation of the Bible - the Hebrew word for Radiant was translated as Horned
This water fountain has replaced 12,416 bottles of water
The carpet that was in my new bedroom is 5 years older then me
The way this photo looks like a screenshot from a video game
The dented solar panels that saved windshields from the baseball field.
My dog's muddy paws left just an outline on the couch
This chip &amp; dip that looks like Donald Trump
This bag has abs
Jake from State Farm used to be a white guy and now he's a black guy
Cheese ageing in a cave
My lunch at work has letters denoting what type of empanada each is
the water droplets on my car froze
The snow on my van looks like soap
Dominion (2018) Documentary of Animal Abuse 1:10:03 - Here we see a horse's back with rocktape and a calf being beaten on a Rodeo.
Snow footprints didn't melt with the rest of the snow.
Thick hoar-frost covering all the trees and shrubs this morning in Minnesota.
The hole in this sewer access pipe looks like an old-fashioned sillhouette
Block of depleted uranium
Self playing piano
Block of depleted uranium
Atmospheric event known as a Split Sky Phenomenon
I've used the pen on the left for five years, the one on the right came with it in the same package.
My pepper had another mini pepper growing inside it
I've used the pen on the left for five years...the one on the left was from the same package.
iPhone ‘Clock’ icon actually tells the time
This rainbow seemingly emerging from my neighbor's chimney
This sunset that looks like a fire.
The symptoms of coronavirus
For an entire summer The Ultimate Warrior wrestled a single opponent and won every match. That jobber was The Undertaker.
None of my conversation hearts have “conversation” on them.
Coffee’s life cycle
The blood of the mosquito I slapped made a picture of him in my hand
Found this swollen gummy bear out in the rain, for reference they’re normally about 2cm long.
This piece of paper from a cook book that is burnt on the edges (sorry for the bad angle)
My bell pepper has a little stitch-marked circle on its bum
This upvote artwork in my hotel room
Someone wrote “LOVE GOD” in the sky at Disney World
A full rainbow (taken from my roof)
Made my lock screen a blurred home screen so when you open it, it unblurrs.
Truth..
There's a tiny hidden door in the closet of my hotel room
A Guy made a patreon page where he does nothing and asks for money
A straight banana
This blanket of snow on my neighbours roof.
Double Rainbow
My Chick-fil-A sandwich looks like a chicken.
A full moon was so bright 2 nights ago that it casted shadows.
Google Map : So all you have to do is to take this shortcut and it will save you time! Me : But there is an accident and [...] it doesn't look like a shortcut to me? Yep, welcome to Montreal my friend.
This bell pepper
This bell pepper
My local tire shop has a jar of things they've pulled out of tires.
Researchers found that to gauge another's emotions, East Asians tend to look at a person's eyes, and Western Caucasians tend to look at a person's mouth. Ergo many emoticons have the same eyes but different mouths like :( and :) and many kaomoji have same mouths but different eyes like T_T and ^_^
Christmas village my grandfather makes.
This newspaper on the liberation of Rome
This newspaper on the liberation of Rome
Macro of my Venus flytrap.
This thicc grape I found
This newspaper on my the liberation of Rome
Thicc grape
My breakfast muffin came with a couple of paper cups.
I discovered that I own an 8MB CompactFlash card.
A urinal at a local bar
The rocks on this tree limb
My friend took a picture of a cloud which looks like a horse chess piece
Behold. The last surviving A7V Sturmpanzerwagen ‘Mephisto’ (ww1)
This 22-foot tall alien holding a Dunkin’ Donuts sign
The product in the ad Walmart showed me
I live in Winnipeg Manitoba, this new restaurant opened up at the forks
The way the clouds are hanging around outside of this building
My colleagues ring is a miniature swimmingpool
Bids on single use masks became crazy.
A picture showing how cats put hind foot same place as fore foot when walking
The frost makes this truck look like it's from Borderlands
An illustration of the percentages of people that are left/right based on the toilet i just peepeed in
This icicle that stuck to my glove when I grabbed it.
The heating element in the window of my van melted the ice into straight, neat lines.
Conjoined twin strawberry/ it got da booty
I made this "concoction" that changes color depending on the where the light source is. (Dichromatism I think?)
These waiting room seats are actually racing car seats!
Our local cafe got a really neat renovation (Photo credit and best macaron award to 94 Take the Cake)
Sideways lightning
Everytime I find a lost keyboard key, I pile it up on this one.
The rain soaked exactly to the edge of one row of bricks this morning
Chapstick balanced on top of an upside down lighter
I found a bunch of purple and light yellow sour patch kids
The crosswalk near my train stop are painted go look like train tracks.
Ice from a sharp turn.
Bees get tired sometimes and fall asleep in flowers
Cutting my banana unintentionally turned it into a dolphin
This Schoko-Bon that fell trough the weapping machine
So many steps. I always forget step 5 interlaced hands
This static-charged hair that played hard to get
80mph winds can blow children away...
These bubbles inside a bubble of Pepsi after I opened my drink.
When I put my Gamecube controller up yesterday I made a pretzel shape that I just noticed a little bit ago.
Amazing what a green laser through a piece of frosted glass can make...
This clock with numbers that obey the laws of gravity better than usual
This Scar makeup
it is snowing ...sort of, that is all!
Is this deep or not? I can’t tell
Copied a bob ross painting on MS paint, it turned out pretty well
Mango with label stamped into it instead of having a sticker
This clock I found in my old school suplyes
A single lemon boi in all the rest
This pearl in my oyster
Convenient bike assembly station found inside the Akron airport (CAK).
My candle melted out of itself
Welsh artist arranges stones in amazing patterns on beaches.
The n in 7 ELEVEN is a lower case n.
The way the snow fell off the crossbeam
Don't even know if this belongs here. Found a double jelly bean in my jelly beans.
This mini stuffed wolf given out at a job fair
So this sheep died and conserved completely except his spine and top of his ribs
Took the screw out of a calculator and saw its insides
Found a different vitamin with my regular D3s
Different ways of keeping people out
My peeled potatoes created potato shaped residue in cold water.
The weather app seems to be confused...
My late father took a picture of Hong Kong in 1977 before I was born. I took another one yesterday. A lot has happened in between.
The slippery floor cones are shaped like banana skins in Dubai.
This bottle of the original recipe of Irn Bru from 1901
A stray male calico cat near my job
My keys gave me the “ok” gesture this morning
Sticky notes at my workplace's warehouse come on miniature wooden shipping pallets
My medication says to take a pill after "supper", instead of dinner. Making me believe who wrote this was probably from the south.
Sunset and cloud. Southern Saudi Arabia.
Apparently my banana has had surgery in the past.
The business card that fell down infront of me from above is called Gods' Restaurant
The way this banana rotted.
Interesting name for a urinal thingy
One of the noodles on this brush got sewn down :(
The aftermath of an owl attack
Google suggests the most spacious coffee shop ever.
A place to put food leftovers for others to enjoy
I got exactly 12 gallons at the pump this morning
I've had this water bottle so kind the purple paint has started to turn blue on top
This advertisement
This advertisement
Went to a museum and saw an Oscar up close for the first time. Expected it to be taller
This pepper that grew inside another pepper
This staple that did look like a butt plug actually looks like test tube tongs
My Grandfather moved from his house into an apartment and when we were going through his stuff we found this old first aid kit from 1963
The bathroom at my wife's job has a drink holder
frozen oil clogging the pipes
The tip jar in the bar I was just in
Shadow looks like a Tie fighter from Star Wars
Old plate with a Samurai battle scence
Shadow looks like a Tie fighter from Star Wars
Shadow looks like a Tie fighter from Star Wars
This long piece of Apple Jacks cereal.
My mop handle looks like a screaming turtle
A stray male calico near my job. Only 0.3% of all calicos are male!
This package slide open able instead of the stupid plastic package that even diamond saws can't open
My Wooden Floor Panel Looks Like a Bird in Flight
Pulled the lid clean off of my yoghurt this morning!
Our adopted dog's hairs after a bath. He got dry rather quickly.
Our adopted dog's hairs after a bath. He got dry rather quickly.
Women only carriage on a Japanese train
Facing this trash bin at an angle creates a reflection of a heart.
lifecycle of coffee
These tortillas expire on Leap Day
Not everyday you send letters to Baron Harkonnen's mentat
Caught eyes with this juicer loving life in Warsaw, Poland.
Walmart wishes you a happy birthday when you clock in
This is what happens if you photocopy a mirror
The way these bills are folded gives them facial expressions
29 rulers being held up by 1. If you remove any then it all comes down.
This iridescent soapy bubble looks like from another planet
The way these bills are folded gives them facial expressions.
the way this glass just broke
Two reposts back to back
This is a wax statue of a child with Cyclopsia. He was born with only one eye
Sketch I drew at work to pass time
So much love!
Very salted Pink lake Australia
This Mob Like Nether Tree I Found In Minecraft (I Like It)
Australia sells canned beans in sizes for 1, 2 or 4 people
These triangular clouds
This cow with two faces on it
This staple looks like a butt plug
Was on fire a few weeks ago, now flooded. Welcome to Australia!
These three diffrently shaped banans that came with the same fruit delivery.
The garbage bins at this airport are shaped like luggage
A Bowl of Hand Picked Grapes
Just got a letter in the mail with this stamped on it, it was a nice surprise considering the contents are completely unrelated
This chip shaped like a toilet seat
Royston Wrecks, Courtenay Vancouver Island Canada. Old ships that were once used as a breakwater to protect the log booming grounds of Comox Harbour.
The brand name Milo is on the pop tab of the can
My pizza was made by Italian George Clooney
How much the Japanese follow the rules
The weight plates on the floor that deny access to this room in my gym
Interesting ice formation (inspired by similar post)
This paint set I have is so mesmerising
6 foot swells at lake Tahoe
my ice-cream looks like the great wave off kanagawa (the painting ofc)
This star destroyer shaped cloud
Even the Oscar has to go through the x-day machine at LAX... I mean, why wouldn’t it?
Socks at Uniqlo
What he done this time?
This eucalyptus tree has been planted inside the hollowed out stump of another eucalyptus tree
Behold the quad Cheez-It!!!
My college weight gain
this rounded apple core
This peeling font on a trash can poetically turned into its own form of Papyrus.
Oddly specific sign in my city.
The Great Indian “Jugaad”. My French press broke so mother attached the piston in this glass and it works
Company survey lists reddit under "Technical/Professional" sites that one visits
Broken bumper gives impression of invisible car.
I saw a cloud that looks like a star wars imperial cruiser
Broken bumper gives impression of invisible car
For those who can’t tell a 3mph wind from an 11mph wind. Gonna get breezy
It is 10:43 in Vegas and there are so many lights that you can see clearly at night
At least now I know the date and time. Who needs bus timings anyways
The thickness of ice is 450 meters (sound)
35 hours coldbrew coffee
My not very tech savy Grandma posting her first selfie.
a dollar store in a dollar store
White river in Taipei, Taiwan caused by hot spring minerals in the water
The banjo-playing boy from the Deliverance today, working at a Walmart in Kentucky.
Gosper Curve fractal puzzle
Every pixel in this 1080p picture is a different colour.
Got the jack pot twice at an arcade.
My orange slice has another orange slice in it
This little smiley face on the floor of my friends house
A little smiley face on the floor of my friends house
My "permanent" teeth retainer came out after 8 years. Turns out it was a little chain. Who woulda known!
My "permanent" uppper teeth retainer fell out of my mouth after 8 years. Turns our it was actually a metal chain!
A furniture store I was in today had fake beverages (such as this cup of resin tea with lemon) sitting on side tables beside comfortable reading chairs.
Hosted an Oscar themed party tonight
My math textbook slipped in a 69.420
they have bagged orange juice
This oreo came with one side of it flipped the wrong way.
Mixing chic fil a tea and lemonade seems to break apart both solutions.
My local theater has ledges above their urinals for loose items
At my local theater they have a ledge above the urinals for loose items
This all in one station at a taco joint
These instruction for reheating my Pho at home
This miniature keg I found.
The Godfather and The Joker are the only two characters who have ever won two Oscars.
These weights to keep the barriers from moving are cut up tires
My fingers immediately after spending half an hour in the snow at 30°F vs a few hours later in my bed at 70° F
Mad lad did it
A semi-mini box of my favorite cereal my sister gave me!
This miniature keg I found.
Gas price in our country
The lighting when it snows looks like the green out of an old horror
This screw has no ridges or tip
I took a picture of the moon and captured a spaceship or Elon Musk’s space roadster
If a guy pees just right, he can create laminar flow ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
My dad’s suitcase situation...
This narrow street's crosswalk is a single line across
A baby swellshark at my high school's aquarium. My hand (8 inches/18 cm long) for scale.
So I stuck a flashlight in a paper towel roll and took this picture
So I stuck a flashlight in a toilet paper towel roll and took this picture
My dog’s nail that is half black/half white
A stick library for dogs at my local dog park
3 and 1/2 years ago I dropped a tomato behind a mop bucket in our apartment complex hallway. This is it today.
An elderberry under a microscope.
The remnants of our snowman.
End credits of the movie “the other guys” explains how a Ponzi scheme works
I found this Trivial Pursuit Boomer edition from the 1990s.
An elder Barry under a microscope
These 3 double matches
My blueberry's in the shape of a heart
Went to a brewery that recycled line holders from the Rio Olympics.
Beer holder above the urinal
Is This Reality ?
Goals
My quarter with Helen Keller says her name in tiny Braille.
How this preschool teacher educates children on proper wiping
One of the wafers was flipped on the wrong side
The numbers on these bills are 1 apart
Napkin dispenser at White Castle
Cracked open a few old safes with my friend, and we found 20 hundred-dollar bills from 1954. One was a rare Devils Face misprint as well. $2k for a fun day off
Hamster self portrait
Happy anniversary my beautiful snail-like boiled egg. You are the reason I got on reddit and wasted so many hours of my life.
The never ending river of air bubbles in soda
Jets playing Tic-Tac-Toe with the SuperMoon
Redditor with the most Karma
This snowball I rolled instead of shoveling, with a glove for scale
Watched this showdown for 5 minutes. Little Caesars: 20, Weight Watchers:0. Location Location Location.
Not something you see everyday, a mail truck being towed
Citizens United Explained
Me and my dad saw an interesting optical illusion that made it look like we were driving on water/waves in Minnesota
My butterscotch had a baby
This sign in a parking garage
My dad and bearded Jim Carrey could be twins.
This Snapple cap has a misprint on its fact.
Increased frame rate to fill in choppiness
In Minnesota when me and my dad were driving we experienced an optical illusion that made it look like we driving over waves/water
Victim progress predictions vs reality
This penny from 1957
I don’t know why the one someone els posted got so many upvotes, it’s really common.
How my left over restaurant ramen came out of the container.
Hotel I’m at right now has clocks with built in chargers in case you forgot
The tree branches on this coaster looks like the owl has very long sensual legs
The photo used in this news plug is almost identical to the one hanging in my living room
You can play solitaire on the treadmills at my local Y
Single ended q tip. Glad I noticed before I stuck it all the way in my ear
The tag on the Smart car
Found this out today
Huh
The Global wall that divides us today
My aunt's shoe prints look like peanuts
All of my mixed-flavor fruit snacks were grape
This stain remover is branded with a surveillance camera manufacturer
Chicken Nuggets Fused Together
My UK driver’s license expires in 12 years. It was valid for 42 years when it was issued, it’s printed on paper and the penalty points are hand written!
This pretty flower.
The way this wall looks at night
Found this behind Harris teeter
Metal container bends around tree in Gore flood. Tree gives no fucks.
This bell pepper my roommate bought.
I finally got the trash to touch the ceiling, thanks to a tiny receptacle and coworkers who dont break down boxes
This dual use ketchup packet
This has stop in the middle of nowhere had a huge collection of knifes for sale
This is the chair that president Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in
This dot sized baby on my lamp
Fur when you’re feelin’ fancy.
A table was in this spot for 5 years and made this permanent ‘dent’ in the carpet
The sunrise reflecting from these buildings in the morning fog in Bellvue WA
This sign completely coated in ice I saw while winter camping.
This grocery store only a 1 minute drive from my house sells pizzas, and today they didn't disappoint for the occasion.
This tiny traffic cone
This chart of particles which makes you wonder what particles we haven't discovered yet
this tiny skittle
A marker where the last artillery shot from the main Confederate army was shot from.
One of my chives has a tap root, all the rest are a fibrous root
My milk has a date for Valentines Day
Oreo wafer was backwards and printed it’s pattern on the filling
A lighter on it's side
Wet Floor Sign Looks Like A Banana Peel.
Sorry for the low quality but I thought this needed to be shown
Wow, I guess free Reddit coins ARE a thing!
Huh, I guess free Reddit coins IS a thing!
We found this behind a harris teeter while riding our bikes to McDonalds.
The screw on this elevator panel has two prong holes instead of the usual criss-cross or slit.
A tile in my old apartment resembles a world map
This sign at a Booster Juice
Popularity of character inversely related to the popularity of flavor/color to improve kid’s fruit snack flavor diversity
A ton of birds outside my local Walmart. (I think it's kinda interesting, at best)
The way these rings formed on my corona
Godzilla ice sculpture I saw downtown
My potato chip has a crater in it!
Picked up a 5G band while walking, tested out the speeds against my LTE
This smiley left by my fruit punch
How perfectly the possession indicator for St Louis lines up with the Dallas logo's hat
My left hand has two freckles that make it a permanent hand puppet
My left hand has two freckles that make it a permanent hand puppet
This Dirty Thunderstorm.
This bottle stays true to its name.
My friend has an aux to caset tape adapter for her old car that doesn't have an audio jack
The condensation from my cold glass of water produced a happy little ghost
My local doggy beach has a ball library
This tree that has a ear
This tiny package of tic tacs
The way the frost grew on this slush.
Maya Rudolph wore earrings to Oscars once worn by Beyonce
Another one has fallen... Insinkerator 1 -spoon 0
Giant Planet of the Apes statue. Cheeky sign asks guests not to monkey around on statue.
Chipotle burritos are 5 times bigger than Taco Bell burritos
My beer foam shows the aftermath of each sip I took
My shirt got Iced over from sledding.
This Tesla valet parked for Academy Awards two miles away from venue.
A stop sign in Tenerife telling me to stop "eating animals"
The way the sun shines through this icy tree.
256mb of unopened ram...
This very long grape.
Going from a KFC worker to a RN
Inward growing icecicles
This pears color is split in half
My brother has reached over 7million of a score on Subway Surfers
I think I might have pareidolia.
The way the snow froze on this roof
Found this in a clients house
A kilt meeting in New Lanark, Scotland.
The way this machine blends into the house
Ice formations on Lake Michigan.
Both of these have their right eye out only
So we’re posing overly seasoned snack items are we?
The way this mild coffee got swirled by a desk fan.
How my dog walks compared to how I walk
This leak I chopped
Benson &amp; Hedges cook book
This plain marshmallow I found in my lucky charms
The hotel I’m staying at has pumps instead of bottles in the shower to reduce plastic waste.
The size difference between my tarantula's two most-recent molts (2.5 months).
You can use pano camera to “unroll” the artwork on a beer can.
Bearety is in the eye of the beholder.
I got an unseasoned bag of Takis today
Two guava mints stuck together in one package
So I found this on Flickr and I agree with him
The pattern in my leg hair left by boot and sock. Yellow is where my sock ended. Red is where my boot ended.
I found a messed up Oreo!
My boyfriend painted a Tekashi 6ix-Gnome at Colour Me Mine
Stuffed monstrosity
This sign that informed me that you can buy a 6 foot long sub at walmart if you really want to.
I think my friends dog looks like Chewbacca.
Do U want spaghetti tonight?
All the snow has melted except for the island the snowman is on.
That a, just why.
Cherry’s Sexy Butt
This charger has the USB connectors in the Middle
This button battery size tester in a store.
Went for dinner with my parents and we did a comparison of my mom’s, mine and my dad’s skin color
IMDb is owned by Amazon and rates the movie “Sorry To Bother You” significantly less than other sites.
Travel size mayo
This Yellow Tesla Taxi
This Plunger
This blank penny I found at work
3 years of collecting dust
It's an epidemic, the overly salted "cool ranch" Doritos are coming!!! #perfectlysalted
This can has a can inside it
Taco Bell hung up a portrait of their decor materials
The white part of this frangipani flower went translucent after sitting in the pool for a few days.
Walking downtown in Hot Springs, AR and saw this manhole cover.
The way this hidden door in an old manor house slides into the wall
This cans label is just the outside of the can.
The reflection of the branding of the pencil onto my math homework
These bread I found look very much like the bread in minecraft.
People are rowing boats on the road in my area because of flooding.
Matcha force field
Mushroom rock in Barbados
Upside down outlet at Olga's
This card machine at my local breakfast joint
One of my last pieces of candy corn looked like an actual piece of corn.
My friends dogs have opposite paws. One dog has all black claws with one white, and the other all white claws with one black
A royal with cheese
A moon rainbow
I accidentally hung my kitchen towels perfectly
This mini razor blade
The rainbow created by these pencils
Bored with 10 minutes to spare? Help my research into motivations to donate personal data to cancer, diabetes or addiction clinical research
This Person Does Not Exist (OC is linked website)
(NSFW) A nearly complete deck of adult cards found in my crawl space — two cards missing, but otherwise in excellent condition!
This Miller Lite was capped twice.
Some kind of satanic ritual by ducks?
This doberman metal sculpture rusted to look like an actual doberman.
I sat down in my car exactly 1 step before I hit my daily goal
I raise your overly seasoned dorito with literally the seasonings
A Frozen 2 easter egg from Zootopia in 2016
Ted Bundy’s pistol was up for auction some time back
Pepperoni patch looks like a boo
My baby finger has an extra crease
The “I voted” sticker from 2018 (bottom) has held up better than the one from 2019 (top)
A weather phenomenon called Saint Elmo‘s Fire while flying over Kentucky
A Gemstone Tree
The “I voted” sticker from 2028 has healed up better than the one from 2019.
Tree branch got stuck in a fence
A metal ring levitation, no tricks, just electro magnets
5 controllers in 1.
A crate containing the NHL's Stanley Cup getting a police escort.
4 in 1
My gfs scarf matches the library's upolstry
My goose laid her first egg of the season today!
My Selphy printers cartridge shows the picture it printed on the color
I bought a packet of Fizzy Cola Bottles and found this monstrosity
Maggot living in rat poison
This hotel has a price for a room like gas station
Tgis hotel has a price for a room like a gas station
Photo-shopped jupiter into a coffee mug
Photo-shopped jupiter into a coffee mug.
This weird spot on my chocolate.
This dangerously tiny subway platform in Romania
Mellow treats for dogs
Mellow treats for doggos
My pill organizer/case looks like a capsule
Spire of cathedral warps into a twist
The inside of a flute
Autzen Stadium’s design
Autzen Stadium’s design
The self checkout machine calculated my tax incorrectly
My pill organizer looks like a capsule
The self checkout machine calculated my tax wrong
I was walking down to a park and noticed this
The roots are burrowing into the strawberry’s flesh and sucking the life out of it to grow premature leaves
My lamp has a USB port
The sticker on my banana left a sticker-shaped area that didn't bruise as much.
The difference between 2 year old work boots and new ones
This book of poems by Edgar Allan Poe
This hair on my wall forming an perfect circle
This house for bees
My mom FaceTimes me but covers her face because she doesn’t want to be seen
That’s not very nice.
The family stickers on this car I saw
A line has been carved into the stone at a local buffet place
Very tall spray can.
The people reviewing plays and calls for the XFL use Xbox controllers to control the video.
TIL South Africa Prime Minister Hendrik Verwoerd, the “father of apartheid,” survived a being shot in the head by an assassin, only to be later stabbed to death in parliament by another. Both assassins were white.
This is a log covered in lady bugs
So cold the water didn't make it far out of the hose....
A painting of Tom Petty’s album cover at a flea market
Lowercas target
My collection of car-pens.
These foot long twizzlers
The playstation 4 discs reflection.
This vintage egg scale that my grandma has
Orange juice in Japan
Display at a local harps
I found a 5 leaf clover
My Vegan Mayo had a double foil seal
I got 2 mints instead of 1!
The sterilization and equipment center on the surgery floor has a rubber chicken to call for attention
The color of these droplets
This gas station assumes I drive an 80s corvette. (I don’t)
This newspaper article about Nazis making $15 million in royalties off of a US anti-aircraft gun patent
Somehow my neighbor nailed this shot
This curved spaghetto in my spaghetti
This big peanut compeared to a normal one.
This painting on this SUV
These coke glasses balancing on top of each other.
A buddy of mine made a wood stove out of an old pneumatic air compressor and gave me permission to share.
Lost car seat snacks, and a sock
This perfect heart shape created by dabbing at a small cut
The way this egg can balance on a nail on the equator
This lumpy strawberry I found at work
This baking chart/guide on the inside of my 1950s oven
The way the water follows certain paths across my window
This striped egg
Twisty tie pirate ship at my sandwich shop workplace.
Unique sink at a Slovakian bar
Finally it’s all coming together
An anceint native American boat anchor found in dried up lake
My peanut butter cup had 4 wrappers
The New Orleans Hilton installed an external glass elevator so that guests can enjoy the spectacular view.
These washing instructions on my new beanie
The spray paint on the dumpster goes down with the hood of the car.
Our neighbor‘s tree. I wonder when it’ll fall down
My cat’s first encounter with snow
Our neighbors tree. I wonder when it’ll fall down
the path this can made from rolling in the snow
How this dollar was printed
Got my check from Experian....I’m rich!
This double-colored pancake we accidentally made with my roommates today
Millennium Falcon Rock
The way my cotton swabs are laying on one another in the container.
Little toy car I found lying on my backyard
What to worry - or not worry - about in 2020
This truck can drive on railway tracks
Sunflower necklace made by hand, one bead at a time.
Funky looking bird thing at IKEA
My work rented a ski ball machine to host a tournament for their employees
Sharps disposal bin on the sidewalk
Nighttime ski lift timelapse
Sharps disposal bin on the sidewalk
2 in 1 Fortune Cookie
So peaceful, sleeping on the streets of Kathedraal.
Drops of wood
Two different brands of baby seat covers used the same model, but one photoshopped her tattoos out.
A black crayon
Found this on the flea market
This burnt piece of glass
Soy sauce, Siracha and sesame oil.
Wikipedia uses a photo of Dexter when describing the position of blood spatter analysts
This foam kinda looks like Yoshi's head
One of my apps is camouflaged into my wallpaper
How many Super Mario 3D Land posters are like this?
The inside of this pool ball
The way these tomatos were placed at subway
This Tomato Looks Like An Apple
This sausage slice looks like a Hadouken
Little seedling growing in my car window
This railing is made of skateboard wheels
I have a lemon tree and found these two a giant one and and a devil lemons a yogurt for comparison
Meet baby fish
Baby fish
Statue of Liberty “Submerged” by ice
my karma is the devil's number
The way this tooth paste exploded when it was stepped on
These gauges on this coffee machine to say how much coffee is left in them
Wow
What a day
Found a twin onion today
Two severed hands in a row
A college football program cover from a 1923 game at Yankee Stadium. Contents in comments.
I have a lemon tree and found these two a giant one and and a devil lemons a yogurt for comparison
This shelf bracket that looks like a giraffe's neck and head.
I think one of my cashews was happy to see me
The water on my floor won’t pool on the paint
The water on my floor won’t pool on the paint
very neat and motivating
very neat
Found a log that looks like it has an eye
The wet floor sign at Jamba Juice is a banana
Pulled apart an Oreo and got a heart.
Stones from gold mine that usually get crushed to extract gold but here used as decoration for a house
The name of this dish detergent.
This drawing, showing what a future shopping area will look like, has people on their phones
Pulled apart an Oreo and got a heart.
Pulled apart an Oreo and got a heart.
The name of this dish detergent.
How this pizza dough came out of the oven
A restaurant makes popsicle stick knives
Was Running late earlier today, and returned to my bedsheets looking like a wave
This Finnish bodybuilder's gym interior
Pulled apart an Oreo and got a heart.
Pulled apart an Oreo and got a heart.
3 in 1 McNugget
Pulled apart an Oreo and got a heart.
Today I learned that my dad got to travel in a van for sony and drove around the country as part of his job.
On a Megabus and this guy is killing the hands free game
This light coming from a barn at my work
Stop signage
My phone case came with washing instructions
Got this in the mail today when they gave me a damaged piece of mail.
The way dew drops stick to this Alchemilla
You can see where my cat jumped up onto the railing.
These two next to each other in my feed.
How this textbook uses a human in comparison to a horse.
Colours on my tin of baked beans are off,making the beans look like egg yokes
This urinal with a built in basin
This is not a steak i took the chocolate out of the cookie
How I Gained 1.9 Million Subscribers on Youtube | The Random Events
the color contrast of the lettuce
Limited edition heart shaped Cheerios
The eagle in this shot goes full eclipse
The eagle in this shot goes full eclipse
This pc I found that shows the screen in the touch pad. (I also made a video, send me a message if you want to see how it works)
My tortilla chip bag had a lump that looks like Patrick Star.
This beer bottle from El Salvador.
This toilet encourages saving water by flushing up/down for the proper occasion
This tiny banana that is also very thin
A bald eagle catching a dead whitefish on the Upper Manitou Lake in northern Ontario
Cadillac's hand built CTS-V engine signed in Kentucky
This Throne-shaped rock in Bangka-Belitung Island
This walnut is in thirds rather than halves.
I found two conjoined matches
Stacked bike parking in Würzburg, Germany.
Hard boiled egg with 2 yolks
This one pink cloud within all the grey ones
Glad they know how to use commas.
This googly eye has two pupils
I found this overly seasoned chip in my bag of cool ranch Doritos.
Cheerios are heart shaped for a limited time
Rock that looks like an evil parrot's skull
It’s very windy where I live and this blew in front of our door from 1997
Singular they
This strangely straight banana
A shipping container is wrapped around a tree after flooding in New Zealand
The Up&amp;Up logo upside down is down and down
This knife with a small blade
This piece of pita bread I cut during lunch today kinda looks like the map of Africa
This crowler holder threatens you to reuse and recycle
This potato chip. And, yes, it was delicious.
sooooo i hydro-diped my light switch cover
My wife's Fruits &amp; Veggies quilt has a loose thread on the carrot square, and the thread itself looks like another carrot.
My cat Maeby was blocked from her litter box all night and peed in a bag of rags, managing to not get pee on a single rag or spill a drop on the carpet.
Found this golden star sticker just kinda chilling on the windowsill of my school.
These parking spaces have grass in the middle
Its snowing up in downtown chicago
My copy of the LA Times this morning
Its snowing up in downtown chicago, how?!
Cats eyes in the sun *original deleted because of comparison photo
A sign outside my local animal shelter.
Found Reddit’s favorite alien in the book store
This is where Napoleon Bonaparte was exiled after his second failed stint as Emperor. Saint Helena island...talk about pure isolation.
Like logo, like mount
That thing when water moves so smoothly that it looks frozen, but a zig zag.
That thing when water moves so smoothly that it looks frozen, but a zig zag.
Felt like my Reese cup was giving me the finger
The difference in the heat retention of this train platform’s surfaces.
This giant strawberry
This wet floor sign at the Wellcome Collection in London is shaped like a banana skin.
The refraction on my straw formed the Nike swoosh
Tuning carrot
This game only provided 6 of the 7 answers.
This surprising crisp dollar bill from the 60’s
Might want to get this goat later.
This copper French press at my work after being put through the machine washer so many times.
The kid from The Scroll Of Truth meme made a book
16th century ring that unfolds into an astronomical sphere.
This eggplant is growing a fringe
The name on this Buick Enclave is misspelled
I found this in my bag of great value kettle cooked salt and vinegar chips. What is it? A lump of burnt chips? Lump of burnt seasoning?
This ghost pepper I grew is living a double life as a mushroom
It's 2020 and the Meijer by me is still selling brand new cassette players.
I got double yolks today while making scrambled eggs
I got an extra long Cini Minis
This plant blowing in the wind has seemingly rubbed the paint off of the fence behind
This Miami Herald Newspaper from December 6th 1942 shows photographs of Pearl Harbor that I’ve never seen (link to more pics in comments)
Found a picture from 6 years ago of me shooting water into a crow's mouth.
Beaches of Destin, Florida
I ate crickets for lunch
This stove(?) I found filled with flowers on a walk.
My brother’s phone charger
Spotify data shows moods change in different seasons
One updoot changing the upvote count
The ice cubes in my Thai iced tea formed a smiley face.
This giant birds nest has been here for months, its kinda hard to see
I found a fairy door while walking my dog.
Name kind of makes it seem opposite
This obsolete phone booth has been converted into an emergency defibrillator station.
This movie theater I'm in has heated seats
A troop of mushrooms growing on the side of a tree. Should I eat them?
The snack that smiles back
This shopper in a grocery.
When the humidity is high, half our driveway sweats.
In coronavirus infested China, Residents, in order to avoid cross-infection when pressing the button of the public elevator, designed a device that kicks two poles to control buttons to upstairs or downstairs.
Walking: Man vs. Dog
The reflection of frozen branches on my windshield makes it look like it’s cracked
This tree that grew around a post in my apartment complex
wind was so strong this waterfalls water was blowing upwards
The way the ash from my incense landed!
This can has a can in it. (Original from r/mildlyinfuriating u/Calsterman)
The box art for this makeup kit made to look a bit like an Apple product
The way my coffee made a frozen hollow sculpture left in the car overnight
Cnn.com being surprisingly honest about their ad that didn’t load...
Sounds made by chunk of ice dropped down 450m deep hole!
I paid for custom tailered pockets that can each hold a wine bottle
The way these posts lined up in my feed.
My kids’ puzzle shows Pluto crying. Demotions suck. Poor Pluto.
My deformed hard boiled egg
my brothers “white out” art
Next level method of avoiding the Wuhan coronavirus.
This calendar from 1964 is accurate for 2020
Men's toilets without cabin
The way the ocean appears to have two distinct colours on either side
My 90 year old mother’s high school newspaper article on rejecting girls as cheerleaders.
The way this orange has grown
This cool ice formation I found in the woods looks like a portal.
Spaghetti in -30 °C
I found this fallen branch that looks kind of like an iguana’s head
The way my water runs...
A plank of wood with markings that looks mildly like a dog's face.
This permanent black line on my grandpa's wooden ruler from the years of use.
The lines indicate the amount of coffee I drank as it cooled down
My trip miles and total miles yesterday.
In a house that me and my family were touring, we found a piano in the main bathroom
Found an orange inside my orange
The back of my Comcast remote
This egg i perfectly balanced this morning
This pretty symmetrical set of tracks in the snow in the parking lot where I work
This mutant strawberry
16th century ring that unfolds into an astronomical sphere.
This near perfect hexagonal Tostito
There are 2 million people a month who listen to S Club 7.
This is a penny from 1959. 1959 was the first year the Lincoln Memorial was used on the back making it one of the first of its kind.
People played tic tac toe on a garage door in my street
I was gifted a stitched Baby Yoda
Gears 5 has different settings for colour blind people
This trash can holder tells you how many recycled milk jugs created it
No curve banana, just to make it look even more like a penis
Hallway in the Stanley Hotel, Colorado which inspired Stephen King’s The Shining
Found in r/Philadelphia
I wondered why my pepper was rattling before I cut it open!
I feed the small earthworms in the soil of my spider plant with used coffee grounds and paper coffee filters cut into small strips. The sticking up strips of filter have been half pulled into the soil already and the small heap of coffee grounds has shrunk by 60% over the last few weeks.
This baby apple my dad picked
Bees are something else
The way this incense is burning.
To make my pen work, I decided to write with it the first verse of Watsky's Welcome To The Family so it would, at some point, start to bring out more ink. It didn't. I'm a complete imbecile.
Wind from storm in England blew my neighbour's trampoline like this
This hotel has a reading lamp
My grandfathers old 45 acp round.
They way this dude at the gas pump across from me is filling up his car...
What’s the point of this? 🤨
Umm i think i have a problem
He tried his berry best
4 shopping trolleys stacked on top of each other
I found this Subway in Las Vegas that sells donuts
In Australia this guy in the middle of nowhere spent 10 years building a giant ‘birds nest’ with a wooden ladder that climbs up the middle. There is nothing holding the branches there, they are just stacked ontop of each other.
Gigantic carrot, banana and normal carrot for scale
In Australia this guy in the middle of nowhere spent 10 years building a giant ‘birds nest’ with a wooden ladder that climbs up the middle.
This dollar bill someone handed me at the register.
This tree grew through a chain link fence as a sapling and now lives completely intersected by the fence
Reddit eveyone
The condensation on my kitchen door revealed all the handprints left on the glass since the last time it was cleaned
My “plastic” bubble wrap mailer is compostable.
This one tile
Gaming Job online Be a Tester
First sun in awhile, able to see individual water droplets of my coffee's steam
Caught a glimpse of this weird looking Beetle
This map of Boston’s Government Center has been worn down from people tracing their routes (credit to u/InThePartsBin)
A Blizzard in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina 2012
The snow maps out the underground water lines on the clay tennis court
A petabyte is 1,000 terrabytes
Reddit is actually up-to-date on memes, which is neat.
Windy here in Edinburgh
This Airbnb's toilets have the city's subway map displayed on the wall
My English class has an image made of the entire story of The Great Gatsby
Tried my First Scotch today!
The light of the sunset and the security line alined
Storm Ciara currently in the UK. I took this a minute ago from Birmingham)
Tree on a rock
I stayed at a hotel that was originally a psychiatric hospital in the 1800s. They still have some original doors to the rooms.
Slanted Icicle
The face this rubber band made when it fell out of its bag
The face this rubber band made when it fell out of its bag
Local asian restaurant has instructions on how to use chopsticks, including what to do if you can't (last panel)
The bottles of water sold on Japanese Shinkansen "Bullet" Trains
In Czech National Ice hockey team there are 3 brothers playing in one line
I made a spiral bowl with magnets
A graph showing how every drug interacts with each other
My sister’s friend has 3 phalanges on his thumb
What he done this time?
This large tree that fell over and has survived for about 3 months.
Icicles made of sap
The upvotes on this post from /r/minecraft
The glass in my window makes this one ladder look like it's twice as wide at the top than at the bottom
The Restroom sign at this London bar has a stolen Golden Arches for the W
This American pancakes recipe from a 70s cookbook
this black lake in Gothenburg, Sweden
You can buy the domain penis.com for $2,500,000
Sheets of ice were caught in these bushes.
This pattern my yogurt created on this glass
This Škoda Car Projects The Logo Beneath The Door
A lone flower blooming in concrete on the other side of the fence.
The frost on my mother's car wrote out the year of the car on the front window
Storm Ciara in the UK made my backyard into a shallow pool.
This seashell. Key for scale.
A sneeze Is a breeze In Your Nose
My can has a can in it
My local animal shelter has a "working cat" program for cats that are antisocial.
The M and W are switched on this motel sign
A house that was supposed to be torn down in my town was revealed to be a 1700s log cabin when the siding was taken off
.
This building that looks like an evil corp
Stoney wall tree!
Stoney wall tree!
This bank vault in the basement of a pub
Found this eggplant while shopping today
This huge tomato
Titles of movie create a sentimental image
They made a book of the alien comics
Spidery Spider Vein
The indentations on my leg from my boot
Woke up to be a secret agent man.
My coffee cup has an image in the cup so you can see it while sipping.
The way this armani tag trips the hell out of u
Cell phone cameras can picture the Stars under a cloudy night sky now
I’ve only just noticed that Darth Vader is in one of my cushions.
Our government used Wuhan as an acronym for nCoV awareness
I’ve only just noticed that Darth Vader is in one of my cushions.
The floor on my job site looks like I am walking over some trippy geometrical spacefield
Musical string
I have 6 moles on my belly making an almost perfect triforce
Lab-Made Coronavirus Triggers Debate
These cracked eggs that look like they’re smiling
The Katy Perry curse (Theory). Previously successful artists such as Snoop Dogg, Nicki Minaj, Migos and Pharell Williams who had little to no musical success after collaborating with Katy Perry.
Electric Bilboard at Train Station Needing a Reboot
This hot chocolate my sister made
spent my week making these animal astronaut stickers
My mutant skittle
It’s been ten years.
Learned he's saying, "I ain't happy, I'm felling glad" in Gorillaz's Clint Eastwood song. Since I first heard it back in 2001 to just a few minutes ago I thought he said, "I'm happy, I'm felling glad".
The ice cream lid at my job came out looking like Jack Skellington
The glue in the side rubber pad of my mouse has completely melted for no apparent reason and now it's almost liquid
This lone male bathroom at the back of a restaurant
I'd really like to break rule #1, but if I did this post wouldn't be here
This kettle can boil/heat water to different temperatures.
This weird quaver I ate
Found some fabric to make a new curtain but when I set it down it looked like a cute summer top...or something
The way the moon illuminates these clouds.
This museum of pharmacy and health has a bar (might need to zoom to see)
My 96 year old granddad’s all pink bathroom.
British Airways plane has just done New York JFK to London Heathrow LHR in under 5 hrs Thanks to Storm Ciara
Unedited picture I took in 2014 of my ceiling while lying on the floor (yes I was drunk)
This baseball stadium and pitch has been converted to the home ground of New Orleans Gold (Major League Rugby)
The difference between a pick I've used for &gt;a year and a new one
An albino turtle
Cabin pressure causing this snack wrapper to inflate
North Korea will probably not become infected by the Wuhan Coronavirus.
The chopsticks at the sushi restaurant I went to have instructions on the packets
Y’all wanted to see the way I learned to bend my fingers, idk if everyone else can do it but most of my friends can’t
A ghostly face in one of the panels of my fence
The moon was so bright last night (sorry for the bad quality
This giant grocery cart at a parade
The moon was so bright last night (sorry for the bad quality)
The initial of the months spell “Jason”
Loooooooooong horse
The shape of my battery usage chart which has a certain order
This clever barcode on a box of corn chips
If you look closely you can see a new skin crease on both of the fingers, above where the normal one is, I have it because I learned a new way to bend my fingers
If you look closely you can see a new skin crease on both of the fingers, above where the normal one is, I have it because I learned a new way to bend my fingers
This intersection in a nearby town has two stop signs a few inches apart for no conceivable reason.
Because I am left handed and because of how the lines on my hand are, It looks like I have a complex math equation on my hand after I finish writing.
My Fire TV Stick remote turns my lights green when I press the power button.
Had to make a picture out of math equations for school, ended up looking pretty good.
I got a grease burn a wile back on my chest,you can faintly see the mark the bandaid made on the area around it because of irritated skin
The ceiling in my art classroom looks like it has someone protruding from it
This jellyfish "brain" I unfortunately found dead on the beach.
2 dollar coin
My relative's cups
These chairs at the food court of a newly opened shopping mall.
At the gym and the worker put this out after mopping.
We got a little bit of snow...
Just wanted to let you know that a target ball rolled off and almost killed a family on a street
This red pepper had a whole other green one inside of it!
This car parking has animals/things so you can remember your zone alphabet easier.
The paper on the bulletin board at work absorbed dust. The difference was only apparent after I removed something that was there for a long time.
every one of my fruit gushers was red!
The coloring of this apple looks like it was partially peeled
You know those cute little 12” lucky bamboo and money trees they have at the grocery store?
Color faded for 2 years behind a frosted glass window.
An interesting title
The difference in color where these two streams meet
Old Soviet union money
There are things which are very easily identifiable to people from one city, but completely unrecognizable to everybody else in the world. For example, people from Seattle probably know what this is, but almost everybody else won't. What is your local-specific object?
Dog neck pillow
My buddy has two 20 year old unopened bottles of Orbitz "FlAvOreD BeVeragE"
Using the Google Pixel night sight feature, it kind of looks like day time.
My cat has eyes like Venus
The paint chipped off this brick looks like a map of the world
My son's dollar store microphone broke and it's basically just a spring attached to a serving cup with plastic around it.
My doughnut bag has a custom doughnut viewport
There was crust on my Uncrustable
This Chinese restaurant used to be a KFC
So windy here in Wollongong
So windy here in Wollongong
Apps are spinning into Chrome
How To Protect A Coastline
Swing chairs inside of a cafe in Singapore International Airport.
We saw a shark while we were at Rincon beach today. [oc]
Of all things, I wonder how they prune it
Playing for honor and these two dudes on my team had a smiley face and frowny face for their logos
This is what you get when you cook pancake batter in a rice cooker.
This is what you get when you cook pancake batter in a rice cooker.
My twistie looked like an erotic sex toy.
This cool pattern that showed up when I opened a two-liter bottle
Classified ad in a local Mississippi newspaper.
A plant started growing in this rolled up tarp
Dvd from Library has locking system to stop theft
Steam on our microwave after cooking looks like a zebra print with a sort of rainbow coloring.
This tiny slow sign in Burlington, MA.
Rusty barge thing(?) encountered on hike near Moss Landing, CA, 2016. Extremely little info on what and why it's there...still one of my favorite things to have seen randomly.
The bottom of my bathroom door looks like a city
A relic of days gone by.
New monopoly game doesn’t have money. It uses debit cards instead.
My Mini-Marshmallows Look Like A Box Of Q-Tips From The Side.
This tiny pair of ski. My 172CM ski for reference.
bottle cap is the same diameter as the arrow keys on my tv remote
This liqueur tells you what not to mix with it.
I saw this 3 player foosball table at an art exhibit
This origami Rooster I made
This stick has a heart on the end of it
My cafeteria uses cups with a little spout. (Soda is Ginger Ale)
The way the lights at Panda Express use the grooves in the concrete to look like bamboo.
This official Flintstones dinosaur.
This spider with all her babies on her back
Massive chocolate bar
This candle lid that seems ok with its duty to smother flames
Banana Slip Wet Floor Sign (Motherfkin kawaii af)
The amount of seeds I got from only one clementine
this passive aggressive mirror Snb
Restaurant in cold MA (US) has tables outside in heated, color changing, bubble domes.
Restaurant in cold MA (US) has tables outside in heated, color changing, bubble domes.
Good to know.
Seen today in Carpinteria, California. Danny’s Car Wash, Deli, and Bait &amp; Tackle shop. [oc]
Vine stops windchime in its tracks😲
These seahorse towel hooks
The way the ice froze like goat face
My friends new house has sparkly popcorn ceilings
I’ve seen these whole package/per container listing one things you could eat but probably shouldn’t this medium size bags of chips or king size candy bars. Kinda wonder who could polish off a whole box of gogurts, though.
This grocery store allows kids to take a free fruit as a snack
My ruler supports the Soviet Union
Can anyone translate this? Purchased in Madrid
This usb cable has a touch activated light on it
A wide variety of condiments at Target Center
Where the moon sits and shines over my backyard
Box of Sweetheart candies without any legible words
This toilet seat has a handle to lift it without touching the seat
Every once in a while my eyes do this
My banana came with an advertisement
A six block tall cactus I found today on Minecraft
Tan lines created from the mehendi I had done last week
The shape of this Tortilla Chip from Trader Joe's
The shape of this Tortilla Chip from Trader Joe's
I paused a video to go to the bathroom and uhh
Party thrown inside of a Target store
Banner in a dollar tree
Wet floor sign that is not shaped like a banana
Water under my glass left a very happy face
Heineken and Tabasco have very similar label formatting.
Google is sending me socks for being helpful
Water under my glass left a happy face 😀
Broom standing on its own. Maybe not that interesting but I was having fun. Someone told me it was due to the Earth's axis? I'm no physicist.
Donald Glover is in my health class video
My brother found this fortune cookie in side of another cookie
A rubber snake flew onto my balcony in a storm
I got a 1906 liberty nickel in my change
The expiration date on my beer caught my attention
Ashed the Blunt and it landed on another ash
Got excited about my new apartment so I made it in Sims 3 to imagine how I'd decorate/furnish it
Not sure why iPhone calendars go this high but I suppose I could be more prepared
One of my skittles didn’t come with yogurt on it
Jurassic Park anyone? Parked next to this jeep that is the same as the movie
Washing Machine Ripped the Arms off my Sweater
Whole Foods Brands Their Bread With Flour
This residue left on my cutting board that looks like a fish
A school report card found from India's pre-independance era.
A school report card found from India's pre-independance era.
These pizzas are wrapped differently.
Each of my dogs 4 paws has a different color combination
Is it just me or does my sandwich look like the USA?
The way the foam formed on my beer
These two bags of jerky that apparently expired 89 years ago.
This smoking lounge made with ice
The floor in this ice cream parlor covered in pennies
Hopped on this
My phone got stuck in the bottom of my go kart today, it’s perfectly smooth and still functional
These chairs at my school's library
Some of my floorboards were cut they had some termite tunnels. Now there are these little network maps all over my floor.
Double banana.
This is what an alligator's eye looks like
This Family That Decided To Share A Birthing Pool
My cruton is as big as an origami cat!
Ah yes, the spookiest creepy pasta, dog
This Starbucks has a hole for the palm tree
Two fortune cookies in one wrapper.
Mini Jenga at this bar (glass for scale)
The way my chair arm looks kind of resembles Austria
Groot dabbing
I got two fruit-by-the-foots in one package
My Kit Kat Wafer was sideways
Someone vandalized this bathroom coat hook to be angry
My phones running on 0% battery
Ordered an orange juice in Japan
The moon is so bright tonight that I can cast a shadow
This frog in a thrift store who looks like he is being held for ransom.
Sometimes squirrels hang out on the side of our school building. They always attract loads of crowds. We’ve had almost 500 people crowding around 3 squirrels.
How we used to see what was on TV when I was a kid.
So my sister and her boss rode her horses to the pub to get dinner.
There was a pepper growing inside the pepper I was cutting up.
The trees mark where the sky goes from clouds so a smooth gradient.
Infinite screens
This inmense ant colony in the middle of a baseball field
Conjoined radish twins
This restaurant has straws made of pasta
Peeled off the image on my card and was worried it would look sketchy. Discover planned for people like me....
this onion healed over
Kid is trying to enjoy family time and his parents won't get off their phones
An interesting title
This restaurant uses paper straws.
Haze makes the moon look like Saturn.
The moon reflecting off my office window
I found this chip in the packet with a perfectly round hole in the middle
Mini holy bible
This Grateful Dead Bus
Yellow piece in my applejacks
Broken Ferrari in Paris
I found a McDonald's towelette from 1986 at a friend's house
Broken Ferrari in Paris
A spiderweb holding water
This luggage store has an airplane set up for customers to test their carry ons and underseater bags
Found an antique phone dated 6-66 AKA the Mark of the Beast.
Creepy nun train car
This sink I found in a cinema
These Shrek themed wet wipes
My jammy Dodger was put together wrong
The little Maple leafs made by my new boots
The artifacts on this laptop screen
Pulled the cover off of the grill and found this guy.
Conjoined snickers sorry for the bad quality
This Doritos bag is actually almost full.
The Australian notes has mini texts on them
I went to Spain a while back, over there they called Despicable Me 3 “Gru 3: My Favorite Villain”
A flat sunchip.
My daughter and I at the biggest Snow Maze in the world/"This hole... It was made for me!"
Oreo packages and sells it's broken cookie pieces
Lawrence Fishburns
These ice cubes at this restaurant
The way the color of the wall paint changes with the light
This car I saw at the Costco gas pump
Bellevue, Illinois
These cherry stems look like a checkmark
I put icing on another biscuit and it almost made America great again
This carrot is double cheeked up
As seen in my attic :o
I put icing on a biscuit and it almost took me to flavour town
My neighbors yard
One of my peach rings wasn't a ring
This straw was melted into the plastic wrapping
A mini ecosystem I found in some trash in the woods
My TV stand has a leveler (is that what they’re called?)
Donald Trump is in the new Death Note comic series
Snowman on the go!
These weird patterns on these leibniz cookies (they haven’t expired)
I spun the toothpick holder
My pen goes oily itself after idling for a while
Circle Moonwalk (r/gifs)
One of my chickens laid an egg without a shell.
Crayons with switched color labels (brown is purple, purple is brown)
A pencil without graphite
Albino cockroach. Should I burn my house down now?
This interesting neon sign placement.
Albanian carwash windscreen from inside
Found at a playground - it’s funducational
Found a normal fry in my curly fries
Police car in Canada
I completely separated the wrapper on a bottle of coke
My 8 year old cousin making a Barbie dress from a glove
What do you guys think of this? Who exactly is even benefiting from this fine? Do customers get their money back?
This conjoined lemon from my lemon tree
some more cool checker board Texas clouds
This framed telephone in a hospital looks like an art piece
Someone made an anime word search and spread them around at work
Found a fake ice cream cone at an Ashley’s furniture
Walked past a house that dressed up these in cutesy valentine's gear.
My laptop has a magnet on the inside that lets the dongle balance upright on its own
This single gill under a microscope looks like a giant monster living on the moon
Twin twin posts in my mobile feed.
Handprint on the plexiglass at an indoor soccer arena
These people are sledding and having a snowball fight on the new convention center.
the sims 4 got a baby yoda statue
Misprinted Paper Plate
Number of ads Adblockplus helped me to block.
This tree at my gmas was struck by lightning
Opening up uncles cabinet to find these nicely sorted and organized 🙂
They said a patron lost $4,000, but at least we got a shitpost out of it.
This anteater's leg looks just like a panda.
One of my moms wine bottles has a perfect “!” In the bubbles.
Rainbow on my homework
Stain kinda looks like a love or rock hand sign
My last fry wasn’t having it
Vancouver airport has a pot smoking area.
Entryway on a FedEx 777, only FedEx employees who hold airman certificates can jumpseat on FedEx planes
Instead of a plate, my sister’s quesadillas came in a car.
Auto-locking bathroom stall door made from rubber bands at a car dealership.
The code for this breast pumping room
Chip on Desk looks like lightning hitting a mountain
My friend has a cool no soliciting sign.
This double sunflower we got for my grandma's birthday
The way the ash fell
Mostly Strait Banana in a Bundle of Bananas
Shower Beer Holder
This tape showing where a staircase is going in
These beauties still work after a couple dozen years in storage!
Ink puddles at work.
This bar in Florida that uses pasta as straws since plastic straws were banned.
These beauties still work after a couple dozen years in storage!
Dad’s friend found this in his ice cream after scraping the top. Interesting caramel formation.
These swapped brand mustard and ketchup
Big grasshopper
this sideways palm tree at my local park
Water fountains for both humans and dogs - Mt Pleasant, SC
Rum bottle inside Vodka
This fish with a great dental plan
Water fountains for humans and puppers - Mt Pleasant, SC
The restaurant I ate lunch at today had these giant oatmeal cream pies for sale
The way the snow is sliding down these poles.
This reflection of a pine tree in a droplet hanging from a pine cone
My 1981 Peavey Patriot Guitar has an amp inside the case.
This pattern in my zucchini
A single gill of a fish under a microscope looks like a monster taking over the moon.
8 years ago two brothers set off on a mission to create Toy Story 3 shot for shot in stop motion. Here is their end result. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfduDq5gLnE (sorry it might be blocked, it is for my stupid school computer)
Threads didn’t get cut on this screw
Baby doe saved by backhoe
And good day to you sir!
This round pice of ice where just resting on the ground.
A rabbit used my shoveled path last night
Someone has issues with the mayor.
A war memorial in my local cemetery.
Usage of the word "bruh" from 1700-2008
Usage of the word "bruh" from 1700-2008
Risen dough that’s being stretched.
My local thrift shop's DVD organization
Amazing video of the surface of Comet 67PChuryumov-Gerasimenko
What he done this time?
This poster in my school bathroom
This truck has a mini army figurine hanging from it
This rock I found in Santa Cruz triggers my trypophobia.
So In my uncles rock shop I found this it’s an amethyst and quartz mixed
Frozen Hornet Nest
These bottles all with upside down labels.
This rock that appears to be on fire...
Frozen water spatter on the outdoor rug
This Pacman Gumball (the one on the left)
Book donation dropbox at my local grocery store
Found this mung bean pastry...interesting...
20 Years Old Masking Tape Untouched Till now.
Wavy, gravity-defying snow the day after a storm
Titles really do make a difference
The shape of these grapes on this homemade chocolate cake
My dog’s heterochromia makes the colors of her eye reflections different.
This bar has a built in disk that keeps your beer cold
Haha I finally got it!
Double nugget (that my friend not_portal was eating)
Ah yes, thats why i never find the Yoshis that walk of screen, i cant see 'em
This Tums dispenser at a brewery
Swimming pool-shaped tables
These elongated grapes
Just found a price of graphite that’s been on the floor for a few years, fedora for comparison of size
This roll of toilet paper
My Macdonald’s water cups have a line for when you should stop filling it with ice.
A round peanut
The stains and bubbles on my water jug look like stars and galaxies
Our cat blends in with our backyard almost perfectly
Found a raisin man at an antique store
This picture my friend took through binoculars looks like a painting
The holes of this desk look like mini t-shirts
This water drop looks like a little footprint.
My mom added a cross on the chicken pie for blessings
Just got my first passport. What does it look like I do for work? Wrong answers only.
this new dollar store used part of the old one.
The bowling alley I'm at has glow in the dark bowling balls.
Two yolks, one egg.
My originally heart shaped lollipop turned in to an apple with a bite taken out of it.
Two yolks from one egg.
Expiration date? 1946, of course.
Expiration date? 1946, of course.
These vegetable labels that tell you what to look for and how they taste
A woman on a train I’m on had a FREAKIN ladder!
This art gallery turned into a venue for stand up in Denver, CO
Howitzer shell my husband engraved.
Invisible highway of bugs in the sky
This nice note on my shirt
Planning sketches for my kids’ valentine boxes.
This video game's flag for English is the Canadian flag
This crunch cream packet has a lone piece of biscuit
Stairs that are made to make taking furniture upstairs easier
This DnD campaign took an awfull turn
This grid of fingerprints from months of Candy Crush games
This grid of fingerprints from months of Candy Crush games
Albino school bus in the wild.
Snow-woman day one
This luggage store has an airplane set up to test out that their carry ons and underseater bags will fit on an airplane
This Tree's Mood
Bob Ross in a shop in Victoria, BC
My glasses polarized oddly, no idea how
Factory forgot to add filling to my taco
Weather is South Carolina has been kinda funky. Three days ago it was 80° F (26C), teo days ago there were thunderstorms with tornados, yesterday there was wind with gusts around 40 mph (65ish kmh) and today it's snowing. I think somebody made a god mad or somrthing.
From a long ago time of innocent fun
Woke up to these two sharing a joke on my patio.
Light and shadows used to create a face
taken apart iphone
A man carries a huge hammerhead through the streets of Mogadishu
our bird feeder has started to sprout from getting watered by the rain
iphone
Found this book at Barnes and Noble
The icicle on this light bulb
My dog blending in to the rocks!!
Looks like this cherry wears its heart on its sleeve
This swarm of birds looks like a bird
This wine bottle my mom has has a perfect “!” In the bubbles.
This 'caution: wet floor' cone looks like a banana peel
Bacon and eggs art
Phone died just as I took this picture of this cat at work. Resulted in a corrupted image
Angel or Casper
Only one half of my tree died
Angel or Casper
My local grocer is selling His And Hers steaks
I hate it when there is no dividers
A student made this giant sandwich from two old mattresses and a few other things that she found in the dumpster. After it had been in the hall for a few days, she added mold.
Imprint of a bird that flew into my dusty window. The bird was okay.
The way the snow and ice froze along this pallet...
The piece of hair I found on my shirt while folding laundry looks like a treble clef
these chairs named after friends characters
This fruit loop plush is a Nintendo character?
Our houseman of the hotel had no idea he came to work wearing the Ned Flanders outfit.
Found this in the bathroom at my work.
I’m at McDonald’s and this French fry looks like a chicken nugget
the steam online bar dose not go the whole way across
In Colorado we shovel snow in shorts and flip flops.
This dude waking though town casually carrying a huge plasma screen TV.
After finding am odd shaped m&amp;m with 3 nuts in it, in the same packet was another odd shaped m&amp;m with 3 nuts in!!!
There's a manga that explains what would happen if we try to terraform Mars with a modified algae and cockroaches. Then, they send people over there and this happen.
THE M&amp;M HAD 3 NUTS IN IT!
My most recent dentist trip revealed that I have an extra tooth
A home on my street without a driveway
Found a very round yet square bumpy m&amp;m
I bought 2 tubes of mini eggs and one contained pink eggs only.
Fossil I found in the Dwarsrivier riverbed, near Ladismith in the Klein Karoo, South Africa (I'm guessing it's plant matter of some kind?!)
This lamp made of antlers
This mini snow-pengiun on a table outside of a local pizza joint. (The owner made it with pizza toppings)
Dog-shaped snow leftover from boot tread
The snow on this bust of Robert Oppenheimer on my old campus
My clementine had a tiny clementine in it
My Coors Light bottle is slightly wonky
My fortune cookie had two messages
My Obama Russian Doll (The smallest one is their dog)
I See Your Ice Mug and I Raise You Sparkling Wine in an Ice Chalice at an Ice Bar
This yin yang egg
Someone wrote “meow jazie” outside of a Starbucks, in mustard.
These baby chopsticks they gave my 2 year old
My moms wine bottle has a perfect “!” In the bubbles.
My Obama Russian Doll
This Wall-E at Walmart
This dryer displaying remaining time in fractional minutes
my aloe plant is flowering
L.L. Bean boot vehicle
I got a pack of just marshmallows and a pack of just cocoa in my marshmallow lovers cocoa mix.
A decent use of a movie review.
This onion that was in a bag on my sister’s counter
Bought WinRAR today!
This figure on top of a tree I saw during a hike
This figure on top of a tree
This metro’s ceiling has been leaking so long, a stalagmite is forming.
The size of this smoke cloud from a fire in Virginia today.
My grandmother got me this pen while she was at the Grand Canyon.
The snow on my husband's car looks like cloth!
I just randomly looked at my dash.
I found this Amex slip from early 2000 in a kitchen drawer
This coffee has the roast date
The soy sauce I spilt while pouring on my lunch landed only on my fork.
A clever science themed birthday party!
The stairs in my latest listing
is r/barelyinteresting a thing?
Little Ice thing that formed on my wheel.
I have a patch that produces more four leaf clovers than other patches
Life finds a way
This drink in a half plastic half aluminum “can.”
This lemon was almost all skin
They put the controls in backwards after fixing a dent in my car door
I found POGS at the store
This... uh, 'fractal' cabbage I guess?
I found this "GOT 'EM" stone on the beach
The zipper on these thrift store jeans.
The exact frost line at our school.
Im Connected To This Game
This cashew looks like a chili pepper
Two double yolks in a row.
These urinals have a floor urinal underneath to catch wayward pee
This stump that is made to be a chair
Little ice things forming on the whiskers of my new tire as I drive.
The way the light comes through the door as a rainbow.
This massive chunk of Cheetos powder I just pulled out of the bag.
This Decepticon like shape my car makes when I drive in the snow.
They coordinated the twist tie colors with the colors of the can opener
The coordinated the twist tie colors with the colors of the can opener
My bill worked out to a very nice anount
Library has cake molds- this one from 1989!
Thought it was amusing how these two things popped up in my feed.
This Urgent Care has a Slushie machine and a Pac Man arcade cabinet in the waiting room
The tomatoes I bought weight exactly 1kg
It snowed in Georgia today
This mini pinecone I found
This piece of wood looks like a woman in a dress.
This dog with two noses
Rick Harrison showed up in my class
This staple inside a staple
The way this water froze in my freezer.
My breakfast sandwich came with extra cheese
My wife's sense of wall decoration
Neighbours bought the adjacent flat and integrated it into their own; they removed the unneeded door but nothing else.
KFC's Twitter account follows "11 Herbs and Spices". 5 Spice Girls and 6 people named Herb.
The resemblance is uncanny
This gift card with real Braille on it
Somethings not adding up....
This specially designed public bathroom door handle so you don’t have to touch the same handle as everyone who doesn’t wash their hands
This milk carton with no lid, but still had one of those peel-away things on top.
This dried up toothpaste blob looks like a frog
The snow is only sticking where the boards are nailed down.
How it’s made- Dinner plates
Whoever made the dessert menu at TGI is one of us..
My Senior Naval Science Instructor cutting the cake with a military sword.
When this tree died, it didn’t want to block the trail.
Fog at soccer game
This wierd shaped quarter I found
Cross section of the path of a screw after showing my kid what happens when you don’t drill a pilot hole and/or use too big of a screw.
The airport I flew from is shaped like a plane
My bagel place is actually an alternate universe
I found this really long spaghetti piece while making lunch.
A very mad hamster
My mpg and average mpg were the same for a short time, recently.
This phone booth on a rural Scottish road (Isle of Skye)
Hit the lottery at a Mcdonald’s in DTW
This sculpture in a park in Basel, Switzerland
Sorry, but The Queen cannot make the grand opening of your bathroom at the The Crest hotel.
We made a Twitch bot, that lets you play text-adventure Dungeons and Dragons (AI Dungeond) with other Twitch viewers using powerful artificial intelligence. Text-to-speech is enabled. It's very fun, trust us!
This patch of ice
Slo-mo of my blender bottle
Tattoo Faceswap
This water stain looks like a wizard
This lid has two places for straws
Branch grew through, and is now part of, the power line
A shed at the end of the Delaware River... A Delaware River-shed
My hotel bathtub did this foam donut
The name of this street.
Single letter street name
This ear looks like a hand puppet.
This door on my Uncle and Aunt's rental car
My water glass cracked from the inside from cold shock
This tiny egg one of my mom's chicken laid. Regular egg for scale.
the way the snow melted on this car
The signal lines in this PATH train station tunnel. 9th Street, Manhattan, NY
looks like an evil toothed alien vagina
The pressure from the airplane landing took pressure from my fully closed bottle
Aftermath of 50 cm of snowfall in Montreal.
The hostel I stay at has an old frame on a framed picture on a mirror
These cards expire on 14th Feb 2413
This wet floor sign shaped like a banana peel.
Lecture du 8 Février - Réflexions Quotidiennes
My toilet paper spun into the roll.
This bug flew into my house.
Apparently 1 in every 1000 eggs are "double yolkers"
Found this little book called "Meet little Penis" clearing out my dad's garage
This bathroom stall door in Museum of Theater (Wrocław, Poland)
This scar in my palm looks like a thumbs up
Made a magnet float on one side using repelling sides
This plate from East Germany had a now-lost badge glued over the country, presumably to hide that fact.
Gondola run aground in Venice
This subway station still has an empty phone booth in it
I got the clean yogurt lid, my lucky day!
You can see how much this wood plank wore down on the side that isn't covered by the metal mast it is attached to.
Insulation doing its thing
The way brussel sprouts are grown.
This 69420 on a train carriage.
Built a snow fort at work today
This colouring book has a little guide to show you what colours to use.
A solid breakfast. It rocked, but it was stone cold. (It's made of rocks)
The dealership has a charging station that looks like a car battery.
I opened a packet of fizzy cola bottles and this is what I found
I found a Sour Patch Kid shaped Swedish Fish in my bag
Was always curious to see how Trump would look like without his tan, so I removed it in Photoshop.
Found $10 on my first day of work at a movie theater.
Souvenir cups from universal studios and probably other theme parks keep track of refills through a chip at the bottom of the cup which can be seen through with a light (zoom in)
My coffee is from the future!
The illustrated bulge on the executioner in the Guillotine game.
A banana shaped wet floors sign
I had 2 eggs with double yolks!
Conjoined popcorn.
Travelling from Earth to moon, at the speed of light.
On my flight today the lavatory has an ash tray but it is against the law to smoke on a plane....
This toilet with fake gold bars
The extreme price hike of N95 mask after the Corona outbreak
My local Credit Union (small scale bank) uses multiple glass panes sticked together instead of opting for bullet/smash proof glass.
Google sent me local guide socks.
I have a lot of bamboo in my yard and it’s covered in snow right now
An exhibit from Amsterdam's light festival this year.
A smiling bagel chip I found
I wrote some hamlet on one of my school’s whiteboards
Most Minecraft satisfying thing ever.
These stormtroopers
The distribution of rust on a metal plate next to a waterless urinal at my university
This reverse peep hole that lets you see into the room. At the OMNI Shoreham. [OC]
A Dollar Tree I frequent sells Surge
The way the frost is thawing on the patio
Back to the Future
Thats super interesting if you close the other side of the straw you make a vacuum where the drink is staying until you open the other side
These plates have grooves for different coffee cup sizes
A bird hit our hotel window and left an imprint of its body and wings
Do you See it ?
The way the snow melted on my apartment’s pool deck
Sonic the Hedgehog visited a giant golden ring in Michigan, known locally as “the golden butthole”
Ice crystals sometimes form on bare dirt after a snowfall
Jojo
The inside of the coffee machine at my local TESCO.
Employees at the local drugstore had some fun with the mug display
The tracks of this person that slipped and fell
If you have more than 99 tabs open in google chrome, the number is replaced with a smiley face
This chocolate stain that looks like Japan
They call brown rice “diabetic rice”
This cloud kind of looks like South America
Cubicle has a seat in it to hold your toddler while you take a shit
The way the moisture in this freezer has frozen
This pink/purple rice
My 150 piece puzzle was actually a 151 piece puzzle
My toast has a tan line from my microwave
The way the snow melted in the shape of my hot engine
The way the snow melted in the shape of my hot engine
The way the snow melted in the shape of my hot engine
The ball bearings move in a straight line
The roots on my plant look like ramen
Tons of Redditors continuing some screenshot chain
A dog projection instead of a handle
This fencepole kind of looks like a giant hammer
Parts of my bacon became transparent when cooking
Extra lock for your car
Extra lock for your car
{Cross Post} A Redditor suggested I put this here. Volume up, a little.
How the root slithers around the tree
What is going on here
My job is kinda neat.
At the local gas station.
This woman is adding litter to the streets of Manchester, UK, to make it look more like New York, for filming
My Nextel phone included a VHS tape in 1999
Happy birthday boy
Children’s book on divorce
This tree growing with a wall inside it.
Had a shitty day so thought to treat myself with a Snickers bar. Eeek! Try again.
Truck just turned 49949.9
A bus stop served only by 3 consecutively numbered bus routes in Dagenham.
My car just hit 100k miles
The bracket on this tea maker looks like a howling coyote.
This CVS in NeW York
The burnt cheese next to my pizza made a perfect 16
Braidception
These fans can interlock
Some Braidception I Made
Satirical Graph of people who watch Adult Swim. (Williams St. Atlanta, GA 2011)
Awards of r/pics forming the word “penis”
This picture of Jesus that looks a lot like Hugh Laurie.
My 3rd time donating blood. If you live in Canada and are able to donate please do. We are in constant need of blood and I know I enjoy know I maybe saving a life.
I left this can of drink in the back of my car on a hot day.
The frost shows a shadow of the framework on the inside of my trunk
Mini cactus plants inside mini magnet-mounted mugs
The way the snow settled on my truck hood last night
Twatt Kirk (Church). Twatt, Orkney. Currently up for sale after 900 years of worship.
This Redbox blue-screened.
Years of a slow drip led to this concrete erosion.
a municipality in Estonia called Kanepi has this as a flag
Our Frigidaire stove that was made in the 50’s and still works great!
This mirror is so old that the phone number of the framer is only 5 digits.
Old north korean wine
Poster outside my local pub
Brown and white peafowls opening feathers next to each other
The staircase of this building
This efficient poster outside my local pub
This efficient poster outside my local pub
This band has a Pirate Bay download link for their music.
This efficient poster outside a pub (repost from r/CasualUK)
I didn't know UK would visit the Philippines through clouds. (it just looks like the country)
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
A chunk of wall taken off a graffiti wall in West Compton, Los Angeles.
The soap dispensers in this public bathroom in Edinburgh
Britain has a lot of airbases very close together
Three equidistant freckles
This clear eraser
There is no 13th floor in this building
My phone vibrated whilst I was taking a photo and now my house looks wobbly
Found an old 5€ bill. (the one at the top is from 2013 and the bottom one is from 2002)
A children's book that contains some expections of the future
A thick slice of pepperoni from dominoes.
I found 2 mints in this wrapper instead of the regular 1!
The Pacific Northwest (PNW) is awesome
Posts about matching match each other
Mom fell on the ice the other day...this dude rushed over and helped her to her feet.
Went to Machu Picchu. This llama was standing in the perfect spot for a photo.
You can choose how much this game is worth
spotify shows an embed of this playlist when you unsubscribe from premium
There is a clear difference of cashews that sink, and ones that float, all from the same bag...
How to wash my new shirt.
This mark on my fridge kinda looks like a witch on a broom.
The way this beer can in Australia opens
Inside a sinkhole
A piece of my cereal was sealed in the top of the bag
An upside-down plug socket
Unfortunate post order
this seashell i found in Bicol philippines beach when i visited my relatives
Me and the boys doing a selfieception
My fingerprints on the glass being reflected on the table by the sun outside.
My fingerprints on the glass being reflected on the table by the sun outside.
My fingerprints on the glass being reflected on the table by the sun outside.
My fingerprints on the glass being reflected on the table by the sun outside.
My fingerprints on the glass being reflected on the table by the sun outside.
My laptop gives passive aggressive battery notification
My ‘Tangelope’ Wax looks like an RE-45 from Apex Legends.
This about 80 year old "pixelart" hangin on the wall
The way the cereal at the bottom of my bowl aligned.
Final Fantasy 7 Remake: Is Sephiroth The Greatest Villain Of All Time?
I bought this diecast plane from a museum and I think its pretty cool
Thought that most of you all might find this interesting. A picture of the first page of the original program code for Microsoft Basic, 1975.
My great-grandmother was a awarded a medal of the german mother for having 12 children in Nazi germany
The defect on my chopstick holder makes it look like it’s smiling at me
A Tesla Taxi
Mate cleaned his pantry and found potatoes he'd forgotten about
There really is a book for everything.
Sign at a bar in Seoul
Two posts from different Subs saying the same thing
Found at the in-laws’ place. Published 1927.
This roast duck that looks that looks like a tank
This car looks like it has a hdmi input
These exceptionally girthy carrots at my grocer
Is it just me or do the distances on this seem deceiving?
The water between the glass of the double glazing window on the train.
Old man paid with older notes, the $20 note is now worth $50
I Was washing cars today and found this smiling at me
You can now get these to make your banana stay fresher for longer
My Earbuds look like a dog
Drank out of a solid ice mug today!
This Acne miracle has 11,000 5 Star Reviews
These mugs for sale have a built-in spoon holder in the handle (and also come with a spoon)
Enough zebra crossings on this street
This dashboard
Enough zebra crossings in this street
The way these cucumbers are shrink wrapped together.
The discoloration this avocado
World's longest experiment - Pitch Drop at University of Qld
World's longest experiment - Pitch Drop at University of Qld
The way these cucumbers are shrink wrapped together
This couple carrying four goats on a moped
Found a bush made of gloves
The shadow from my cap looks like Spiderman
I added usb-c to my Gameboy.
I found a severed squirrel tail (you can see the bone)
Time to learn a lot about penises I guess
I added USB-C to my Gameboy.
My ice cubes grew a penis
This ridiculously square stone I found at the beach...
A century old Oliver Butterfly style typewriter. All the mechanisms are on the exterior of the machine compared to the interior. This particular one needs major repairs but I would love to type on it.
A century old Oliver Butterfly style typewriter. All the mechanisms are on the exterior of the machine compared to the interior. This particular one needs major repairs but I would love to type on it.
Found a white squirrel today
How frozen french fries are made (animation by Bigtem Makine).
This book from 1954 predicted Reddit upvotes and downvotes. Even down to the color
The way the snow melted on my warm truck.
see if you can find the little creature in the corner
Door behind moustached man left open
This cloud formation looks like an AT-AT walker on Hoth
Looking the periscope of a Russian Coldwar Submarine
This brewery offers Happy Hour specials whenever it’s below 20 degrees Fahrenheit outside
My friend drinks premium water
Dude didn’t realize he has a cum stain on his backpack
Truck leaving Walmart
The way these nuts are packed in an organised fashion.
The reflection in this puddle is incredible
Lady brought her goat shopping...
My neighbours umbrella looks like a cock.
The reflection in this puddle is exquisite.
Svalbard livestream, called slow tv here in Norway
The way these numbers aligned when I stopped pumping gas randomly
The reflection in this puddle is exquisite.
The reflection in this puddle is exquisite.
My friends pokeball changes color when the lights change color
The sky in front of us v the sky behind us. Unedited.
The sky in front of us v the sky behind us. Unedited.
West and East views from my front yard. Same day, same time.
My asmr video
This rabbit has a spot that looks like cartoon bunny on his fur
This one little spider plant that ventured towards our new lightbulb..
Popcorn....chips?
Perfect hole in a chip
Bruh, I saw these “chips?” at school
Bruh, I saw these “chips?” at school today
The way my cat is sitting
My Mcnugget had ears
This matches up beautifully
This Cheerio
The way the snow slide and froze
I have the same shirt that the host of Chopped is wearing
A nail perfectly stuck in my shoe
Brownian motion moves coffee particles under microscope. Google will do a better job of explaining it, but its basically when particles are small enough that the molecules of the fluid they are in (in this case, water) are able to kick them around.
This pen that had a calendar in it.
My sister handed me this for my birthday.....
The original sheet music for THX's "Low note"
A research center mailed everyone in my apartment complex $2 to take a survey
Dan Bilzerian looks like an ARK: Survival Evolved character model
This professional grade street sign that broadcasts 24/7 pancakes outside of a Greek house at my university
I caught the changing of angles in a single photo
This lexus I worked on recently still had the original VHS player in the back.
My boyfriend has a weird 2001 Vermont quarter
This moth that kinda looks like a snake
Bottom of Starfish at Epcot
made these animal astronaut stickers
My pencil landed like this
All the rulers are being held up by 1 at the bottom. If I removed one it would all fall
My clock icon is accurate
I have no fingerprints.
Years of hairdressing has erased my fingerprints
Perth, Australia. At a scale of 1:500,000 an inflatable model of the moon. For those that remember... I have been singing the Spongmonkeys 'like the moon' for a while now...
Years of hairdressing has erased my fingerprints
These really small bananas.
The way our plant has grown over the years
Maximum tottage
This is a car I saw the other day
A tiny person used to own my home
Chapstick out of my dryer
An arm emerged from the depths. I think I should find what it’s pointing at.
The amount of chocolate on this singular Kookies piece
Undisturbed snow
The yellow, orange and pink in my friend’s footwear perfectly match the colors he’s chosen for his apartment.
The lights in this parking garage show which spots are open
The melting pot has advice over the urinals in the men’s room to help you make the most of your date
Hot Wheels store in Japan
These fish slippers
This stump that looks like an old man’s face
Chia seeds stuck on sponge started to germinate
At Montana’s right now and just noticed this one menu to have pixelated photos, none of the other menus do. Odd
Occurred to me when I saw u/Osirisk post; I teach evolutionary biology...
Truth in Advertising
This Sears in Tucson going out of business but is "now hiring".
The Rings of this ponga plant.
An image I found of a space shuttle dangerously close from an airplane window.
This single line of footprints in the snow
My pepper had a bonus pepper
Was playing Jackbox Party Pack 6, got a pretty rare game code.
In Minecraft, the rain looks still when coming down from a jump because you fall with it.
My local market started stocking painkillers by the beer
Cloud form passing through my town 4 of 4
Cloud form passing through my town 3 of 4
My son looks like the Never Ending Story sometimes!
Cloud form passing through my town 2 of 4
Really interesting clouds passing through my town that's why I posted it here . 1of 4 picture
I completed the water ring toss game and sorted the rings by colour.
Some abandoned building I stopped at off the highway in new Mexico I think
Cloud form going past my town
This ad for the new 234HP all carbon fiber Ducati followed by a life insurance ad... 🤔
Mcdonald's ran out of buns
Got this miss cut $1 bill at the local auction
Looks like the teenage mutant ninja turtles are here.
While cleaning out my basement, i found a glow stick from nearly 7 years ago
These 3 sprite cans lining up just right
I guess the takeaway got my name wrong?
Mandarin within a mandarin
I guess I never realized what a project it is to refelt a craps table...
The wind caused our icicles to be slightly lopsided
The clouds align with the tree tops
You’ll be on your way at the convenient stores of Peedway!
My olive spread came off the knife shaped like Australia (Minus Tasmania)
My olive spread came off the knife shaped like Australia (Minus Tasmania)
My boys remind me of Kurt Cobain and Gilbert Gottfried...
This flooded football field in my town
This restaurant has tire sinks.
The green pedestrian crossing lights in Napier, New Zealand.
This restaurant has tire sinks.
Chinese New Year celebrated in a fun space (Westfield SF)
My son on bottom right looks like Gilbert Gottfried...
Installed some windows into my office
I work in automotive interiors manufacturing. Here is an image of part of the new Ford Bronco instrument panel.
The "c" is backwards in cm. (Sorry for bad quality)
This Coming Attractions DVD from Best Buy in 2003. I found a ton of cool pre-release game footage.
Tree stump kind of looks like a cityscape
A giant head carving at my local head shop.
The pizza on this pizza box has a hair on it
This Coming Attractions DVD from Best Buy in 2003. I found a ton of pre-release game footage.
I didn’t know that a hair could split this many times...
The shop I went into had mist keeping the salad fresh
Found the meme guy while browsing through Amazon.
This beer can has food, cheese, and cigar pairings on its label.
Saw this on my way to school this morning
This spider web looks like spider mans mask!
This Double Sided Lamp At My Hotel
Sign posted in the women's restroom of a local bar
I’m able to walk in a intersection in China because of the Coronavirus
Secret Tattoo Messenges
This dog named Little Bear has a little bear on his side
This no smoking sign makes an exception for those who can't help it
These mario eggs I found.
This peacock photo looks like it was painted
all the corners in my house are magnets
This black and white picture
The middle candle looks like it’s floating
Just noticed that I drove exactly 11,111 miles
Honda's newer era Civic tail-lights are shaped as C's to represent the Civics name
The cracks in my caulk look happy.
The way this frost formed
Stop Sign Warning With A Face
Measuring cups
Glacial rivers in Iceland
This Stop Sign With A Face
Did you know that Lysol can kill Corona Virus? Take a look!!
Glacial rivers in Iceland
1934, Headquarters of Benito Mussolini’s Italian Fascist Party.
Urinals with built in sinks to save water
These Oreos with one cookie upside down
Pretty much this
This "travel size" toothpaste our hotel provided.
There was water inside a bus window. The water apparently came from the small hole in the corner of the window. Looked pretty cool when the bus was shaking.
This Victorian CVS
A hidden companion cube in The Mandalorian.
A hidden companion cube in The Mandalorian.
A hidden companion cube in The Mandalorian.
Starch in the water formed shapes the same as the potatoes below them
Very interesting
I know light mode and on mobile but this is cool
A 1989 Intel Processor my mom found in her things. I'm unsure on where this should go, but pretty cool to find!
This warning in the bathroom at the Asian grocery store in Boston
The cafeteria at my college uses a banana for the wet floor sign
how he swings from sailor moon's hair
My Taco Bell order was rang up at a palindrome time.
These weird tree roots I saw in Pensacola
I found this while cleaning out my garage
Freshly Stamped Tubman Twenties, all signed by Mnuchin
I'm not beautiful like you. I'l beautiful like ME!!!
Funky strawberry I’m about to eat
Just in time for dinner.
This gradient in my water filter
A potato I found that looks sort of like MegaMind’s head.
The ice in my coffee cracking in a square
Billy Joel concert Amelie Arena, Tampa FL
Zooming into the Andromeda
I hit all snowmen and below zero.
Rusty USB connector
Bruh City Ohio
Rusty USB port
The London subway makes it look like you have only legs and feet.
This wall of people
Goat-shaped paper clip
Goat-shaped paper clip
Our dog matches our shag area rug almost perfectly
Guy walking his bike down the road in a ski mask carrying javelins in a quiver.
Moved a pot to reveal a concrete planet
Moved a pot to reveal a concrete planet
This working tiny rubix cube (About an inch^3)
Snapchat filters changed the colour of my Shrek doll
Mini bananas
My company makes the flooring in the camo shoe &amp; gym floor pic and we have some in stock!
Hack for having sick kids.
This Planet Fitness truck parked at my gym used to be a Uhaul truck
This pen is also a flashlight
A folded up blanket that looks like the Easter Island statue.
My friend took this awesome shot while reading Great Gatsby - the light from the window was just right
I don't need any introduction...but for those of you who don't know me I'm Mephisto
This Chinese buffet gives a discount if you’ve had gastric bypass
We saved a lost dog about 3 years ago. Couldn’t find the owners. My friends adopted him and named him Yoda.
My company makes the flooring in the camo shoe pic and we have some in stock!
My hotel room offers two types of toilet paper
These are mini mobile phones made to look like tiny soda cans
This cherry fruit chew came with two wrappers and an orange stripe... in case your wondering yes it tasted fine!
This puzzle comes with a box easel
My ipad is dead while i'm posting
Shoes of a person with leg length discrepancy
What he done this time?
my shift key flows a different color.
part of the 'H' on my medicine case rubbed off but it is still an 'h'
This funky ass tree that I came across today - Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
Winter tomato tree.
My eye looking mildly like Mars.
Picture on a menu: The crabman (crabcentaur?) is wearing a tie with a normal crab on it.
Origami swans I made from a candy wrapper and an EBT receipt
The odometer on my 1995 Grand Cherokee this morning.
The ice on this dog makes it look like it’s drooling
My son is my double when I was his age.
My coffee look like a face
I looked up while my girlfriend was driving and the stars aligned.
Spiral at the bottom of my glass after pouring a beer
A triangular Cheese Ball!
Antarctica logs hottest temperature on record of 18.3C
Took this pic while hiking in NSW australia. The erosion makes it look like an alien landscape
This is how much snow fell today. Light is about 3.5 inches tall. Can’t explain the lack of focus or the “floating” led image tho...Outside shovelling now
The top of this fifty year old step ladder.
These Trump Socks my mother bought 3 x 5$
The decks curve upwards toward the bow and stern in order to increase stability, Queen Mary.
Unbelievably, the hills behind the red barn aren’t hills. Its one large cloud
all pink starburst pack
No need to thank me
The snow on our mailboxes looks like dog butts.
My son’s pile of Simpson’s LEGO heads.
My sneakers match my guitar and glasses.
This 1911 gum ad with instructions on how to kiss a girl
This Giant Peanut Mobile
The way the snow rolled off the windshield of this car
Gummy worms are merged
Previous post inspired me. My yoga pants match the gym floor.
Illuminati triangle made of pool chairs found at my local pool
This adorable little stopper for my tea!
The way this phone stuck to a wheel that I saw while walking my dog
This teeny tiny starfish at my kids pediatrician
Weird throw
Ice formed over these trees to create a shield
My friends trow
Tree bark blends in (almost) seamlessly.
square donut
This guys post back to back on the main page.
Took a picture of the sunset tonight that makes it look all the trees have Christmas lights on them
This camel spiders legs look like McDonald's fries
I found a Miranda card under the drivers seat of my retired police car
Unintentional symbols of love created by tire tracks in a snowy parking lot
A sheet of paper that’s been through the wash. Shows only the word “at”.
Cave in Puerto Rico has a face.
This black mirror.
What you can do with enough rulers
The Alamo car rental kiosk at this small airport is just a metal grate in a brick wall
My neighbors car has had a whip hanging from the side mirror for weeka now.
I got a double pizza pocket
Snapchat lens on my dads phone
I got a double pizza pocket.
Winston Churchill got a doctors note prescribing alcohol during prohibition
Some naturally rolled-up snow
A supermarket giving you the do’s and dont’s of items on most shelves.
Close up of a cats eye, I thought those squiggles around the edge looked neat
This LEGO guy from the Harry Potter set looks like Bernie Sanders
The leg and wing dust left on my fingers after I smushed this mosquito
This straight banana I had for lunch
Used a pen completely up from new to empty. No one stole it and I never lost it.
This pine tree started growing on another tree
My coffee cup matched my desk today
Pigeons making out
My gloves look like they were wishing me peace after I pulled them out of my pocket and placed them on the desk
This chart of trucker language
A baby with cheese on it
This clear candle
Electricians at my work hooked a toggle switch to this vacuum cleaner.
My trial contacts fit perfectly in my glasses case.
A grain of sand under a microscope
Dropped my Corelle™ brand plate and it broke to tiny shreds
US And UK students : OMG SCHOOL IS SOOO LONG.............KOREANS :
Microscopic air bubbles joining forces.
The way the skin on my fingers wrinkles in the cold
This is on the bottom of my bag from Lush.
My dog has a tie
An unusually long frito.
This weirdly shaped carrot I found
I bought this crystal ball for photography but I found out it can be used as a projector for your phone
The way the checkout lady put the soda on the cart
I found a family picture inside of duct while at work. Found it interesting 3 of 5 kids were albino
You can buy a metre of pizza for €20 in Berlin
I scratched my self and it almost came out looking like a smiley face
This reminder in the bathroom for employees to wash their hands
facebook links a site that recommends vaccinations when joining anti-vaxx
A local bar added this door handle
The way this expensive-looking pane of glass in my building is failing.
The symbol on this hard drive
I found the holy number.
I got 3 sickeningly large chunks of raw Cheeto dust in my Cheeto bag.
This anime trash (bag)
From a 2017 Asterix comic
The Sticker's Shadow says ASS
The power went out on my block a few days ago and instead of fixing it they put this big generator
This odd brick
World traveler award for a woman who was 85 at the time
My mail went through the system backwards and was stamped on the backside.
The way these brake lights are on this gas tanker
Quadrant of swirls made from the bubbles of a dark beer.
This massive equation I made, that equals 69!
The juice in my refrigerator froze so now I have a slushee
This hotel room with 2 peepholes.
This slippery/wet floor sign shaped like a banana
This walkway in an airport in Japan shows how many calories you burned
This is a card from a ARG named Perplex City where you can collect cards with puzzles on them. To this day, this is one of the only two cards still unsolved. The only information on the card is the text on the left, which simply states "Find Me"
this serial number is 1
My cat’s blind eye is blue.
Whatever this is on my driveway today
My cat’s blind eye is blue.
I found a dime with weird nubs on it, almost looks like it was soldered
I think this m&amp;m came from chernobyl
Tried ordering face masks on Amazon, didn’t realize it would be a catch 22...
The way the BBC went rogue and abbreviated "kilometres per hour" as "k/ph".
This is what a Twix looks like with just the cookie, no chocolate
My pencil sharpener flattened my pencil lead
This rock formations that looks like Godzilla bursting through the ground.
The bottom of my Insomnia Cookies box
Just opened a roll of quarters and almost every single one was a State quarter
When the Feds call
My ice cube is reaching for the stars.
The amount of toilet paper in this bathroom
A 1977 Time magazine featuring all of the coolest trends
A white lifesaver had been stained with a little bit of red coloring
My local Walmart zip tied some shower rods to a pair of ladders to display hangers.
I see your Walmart ladder display for pool noodles and raise you shower rods zip tied to ladders for a hanger display.
In the past 3 weeks and mid way through the season the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA have traded a total of 8 players. 4 players on the opening day roster are still on the team. Here are 7 of the new players in a press meeting earlier today.
Wallpaper in the house I just bought has a puff puff pass scene.
My split end has a split end.
I’m an embalmer and these are my favorite tools for the job. Left to right: straight dressing tweezers, 2 aneurysm hooks, curved fixation forceps, small scissors, hemostatic forcep, post mortem needle, angular (dog leg) forceps. Not pictured, the trocar.
Organic bee throw up is better for you because ____ .
A fly I decapitated whilst trying to swat it of the window.
This giant crouton. Water bottle ring for scale.
My flight path from Atlanta to Tampa last night
The vibrations of the oven at work made this cool pattern of bubbles on my iced tea.
The shape of this burnt food..
The size difference in these two grown humans.
The restaurant I’m at has an automatic hand washing station.
This thin slice of pepperoni on my pizza
Only Germans seem excited about this.
Barneveld Noord Shipping Container Railway Station, Netherlands
First "woke" bathroom sign I've seen
This face on a toilet paper dispenser.
The stamps used on the mail I received today
You can tell that the owners don’t want to be sued by Nintendo
This is 28 year old Lieuwe van Gogh. Think he looks familiar?
When this happens in racing games (Specifically NFS MW Redux)
Six locks arranged so that any one of six people with their own key can unlock the gate.
Moth that looks like onion peel
This card stock protects against photocopying.
Sign on back of phone repair shop in strip mall where the line backs up for Starbucks drive through
These magnetic field lines my magnetic work mat made in my magnetic thinking putty
Today you can use Google's birthday car in the maps navigation
Frost lookin like tree silhouettes.
My economics textbook has a quote from Will Smith in it
These pillows around light poles for people to sit on in Utrecht, Netherlands
This floor in the Hard Rock Casino, Atlantic City, is comprised of guitar picks
This checkerboard leaf I found.
The foggy weather outside
Rooftop upvote
I took a photo of our cat and this angle makes her look like some kind of Snake
The view of the west side of Detroit out of the bathroom window at work. Occasionally it gets stuck open so you have a nice view while you poo.
My sneaker matches my gyms floor.
One of my classmates notes today
Never seen this as a security question option before.
A baby orange inside my orange :)
That’s definitely an interesting way to park (zoom in)
This giant grape.
This giant grape.
I don't remember these fun cereals as a kid!
I see a E and a L
Next to the bathroom at the Smithsonian, it tells you about poop!
This dent in my old apartment kinda looks like Sasquatch
This broke ruler that resembles a knife
This vial for sake that chills it with ice in the middle.
Fictional Fence [OC]
Van Full of Mannequin Parts - Knightsbridge, London 1991
My spaghetti has a hole in the middle
I got half a skittle in my bag today
The urinals in this brew-pub made out of kegs
Snow on a hot wood stove
Nothing to see here..
The way my girlfriend’s nail varnish scratched off to form a perfect musical note.
The back of my bottle of dawn soap has a list of ingredients and what each ingredient does.
Found this tiny clementine in my clementine
Accidentally spilled but it turned out perfect.
This clementine had a baby
You can get a pregnancy test from vending machines at Swiss train stations.
Chik fil a sauce perfectly fits in opening on my car door
Interesting cheeto if I do say so myself
Three Counties meet on Blue Mt.
The way this snow/ice formed on this car
This continuous line drawing I just did
This antenna disguised as a tree in my hometown.
This puppy that looks like Hitler
I perfectly unwrapped 2 candycanes
Lil' onion inside an onion ( ꈍᴗꈍ)
The light bounces off my table cloth, making a red ceiling
There’s two lifesaver flavors in one wrapper
In Hawaii (before the USA took over), your property tax went up for every dog you owned
Real sun
The chicken blt is served with the bun flipped
Manufacturing date on the bows of this aircraft wing
This blow up unicorn for my daughter.
Immigrants make America great!!!
I come from a dry state in India, and I thought my barber was spraying Jack on my hair.
The timing. Cross posted from r/pics.
This very long flame on a candle
This poster on the bathroom door in my university’s campus
The way the snow and ice peeled off the wheel of this garbage can
I found an angry biscuit
These tiles in my bathroom make a shape that look like Australia and New Zealand’s north island
Starburst yoplait
The jar I pour my fat waste in somehow has formed an air layer
The way this super glue took the form of its top
I got a big carrot in my packet of baby carrots.
Along with Mr Clean and The Kool-Aid Man, you can see the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile and the Nutmobile during Mr. Peanut’s funeral
I accidentally got too close to my boot with a high power pressure washer and made a perfect Nike swoosh
The Heroin Epidemic has gotten so bad in Philly Starbucks is offering needle disposal in their bathroom. This one was completely full
A poster against domestic abuse that targets the perpetrators instead of the victims.
This half cookie in the sealed package
Coffee can and margarine container have the same size lids
Extra long toilet paper piece
Plant I found covered in ice from recent freezing rain.
Road worker with a sense of humor: a BMW logo affixed to the road surface.
Snowblowing the boulevard between snow events, to make room for the next snowplow time
My microwave has a volume setting to mute it
Differences between evacuation procedure of France, Russia and Turkey.
These beer bottle caps have playing card numbers on them
How an avocado tree is grown.
Nifty little device we use to detect if sensitive equipment is mishandled during shipping
My kombucha can has two tabs
Found this massive Tomato. It's difficult to get a concept of how large it is. This thing was probably 7" wide.
This tree by my school looks straight out of a bob ross painting
I managed to take the plastic off of an M&amp;M's bag
The LEDs on my keyboard’s keycaps and the light coming in through the blinds are nearly the same color, making the keyboard appear to be unlabeled
This involuntary movement while my brother coaches a wrestler
A cigarette butt bin that looks like a cigarette.
These coffee shop sweeteners
Involuntary movement made while my brother coached a wrestler.
Feet made of pomegranate seeds and orange
Restaurant folded my straw wrapper into a flower.
How many window sills does a Canadian need?
My beer looks like a Starbucks mug
Just saw someone's post of art that looks a lot like something in our house
I am full now
My sesame oil came sealed with a bottle cap
The Defence of New Haven: a movie with only kid actors
The handle of this knife was made with quarters. The blade and the handle look like the same damascus pattern.
A lava lamp heating up for the first time
My reddit feed yesterday (long image)
My reddit feed yesterday (long image)
Just need 1 more upvote.
The meaning of the song "Dirty paws" by of Monsters and men.
Sticky notes on a mini pallet
The veins in my cat’s ear become visible when hit by sunlight
The back of my Girl Scout Cookie kind of looks like a face
This house is completely black
Snow Thanos I found at local park
My dogs shadow looks like a baby jacklope
I had a double mutant kiwi
This vat of oil that is perfectly still and has no crumbs in it makes it look like gelatin.
Put spring onions in some water 3 days ago. They were all in line, and in line with that (poorly drawn) line. LineLineLine.
The way my bed sheets finished washing
Self cleaning rat??
January kill tally with updated numbers since september 2001
My parents randomly showed up in the background of someone else’s profile picture
I was given a golden Roman coin from 375 AD.
The moss on this post looks like dessert plants
I accidentally filled an egg white with milk like a water balloon
The praying mantis is the only known invertebrate that can see in 3-D. It’s also the only known animal to have one ear (located in the thorax).
Village in Northumberland labelling its walls just in case.
My book arrived with a scrap of someone’s flights plans in the back
The way these tree leaves fade colors
The name of the music I was given
The chairs at my uni look like smiling pieces of toast
Confusing the heck out of my 1st graders
The inspiration for LOTRs two towers
This upside down Nike logo I found on a pair of shoes at work
This fused piece of candy (normal for scale)
My crisp had a Nike tick on it
Ambulance boat in Venice
Just found this In front of a local fish store.
You can open this restroom door with your foot so you don't have to touch the handle.
This Gobstopper has only 2 in them
My water bottle's refraction
This McDonald's in distress
I cut open some garlic and it's just one big clove
I cut open some garlic and it's just one big clove
I cut open some garlic and it's just one big clove
I cut open some garlic and it's just one big clove
These dust patterns on my office window
My ring had no hole in it
was cleaning and found this heart shaped cheerio on the floor, its almost valentines day!
This kinda looks like a lobster
My girlfriend likes to drink from tins like this. I don’t know how she does it but it works.
This pancake sausage thing i found
Germany: Just got almost €600 worth of medicine for free.
The high iron concentration in this waterfall looks an awful lot like blood.
This gorilla hand with vitiligo I’m really shows how humans and gorillas are very alike.
Same flavor. Different fonts, colors, and designs. Same store.
This ring i made at school today
Ice melting on my car this morning
my girlfriend likes to drink from tins like this. I don’t know how she does it but it works.
My friend taught her cat to use the toilet.
The snow packed down by footsteps was able to resist my shovel, making inverted snow prints
Interesting gate
Milk in Canada
My prescription acetaminophen has smiley text emojis on the packaging.
I opened two fortune cookies and got the same fortunes.
My Rice Krispie Treat was double wrapped.
This man trapped inside my acai bowl
So close to nice
The way the snow remains in squares over the Rocky Moutains
Street sign in Nassau Bahamas
Creeping through
Another take on Papa Roach's Last Resort
The truck has rust where the ladder has been.
This candy egg came with out the yellow part
this hot water machine has another A instead of a D
Someone posted a coke vending machine radio and thought it looked familiar. My dad has one in his collection!
1988 Nintendo Power Pad Instruction Manual
The Most Used Coffee Sizes
I found this while eating chips
this palet I use to hold the tv and some dvds and decoders
Filled my almost empty pump bottle with different shower gel, without mixing. This is what it looks like after 24h
This naturally shrugged egg...
Analog Nature vs. Digital Human
Interesting tree stump in my neighborhood
My Mom’s calculator from 1977 still in use
First four viewers of a google doc spell arms
Carpet up close looks really weird.
This house in a German village.
My break room kitchen counter's shadow looks like a mid-sized city skyline
One of my rubberbands fits perfectly in another rubberband.
First four viewers of a google doc spell arms
These patio chairs look like they are wearing socks
This cucumber has heart shaped holes
This barbershop has a kids chair in the form of a police car
The Donnie Darko tree I found
Archie vs. Sharknado. A 2015 comic book where Archie fights Tornado Sharks.
Snowy Sleepy Buddah
No pay? Or no mess?
This charging station in my school
This crumbled piece of paper that looks like a heart
One of the bottles in the 2 pack came with the wrong lid on it
The freezing rain made little ice mushrooms everywhere
I thought this was pretty cool
Picked up this twig which was covered with a golden sediment probably mica
This birthday car to celebrate google maps 15th birthday
Charlotte airport has rocking chairs.
A coconut flowering bud
My banana is smiling.
Tiniest job application ever, but I'll take it.
The way the water magnifies our body proportions
The residue from a sticker on the back of this bus kinda looks like north America. Alaska included.
These snowflakes shaped like sprinkles
If only I was going 69
Got a missed call from Cumming, GA
Snowman we made on our ski trip.
Fun fact. Rubies form these natural hexagon crystals.
This slightly bent toonie
What it says on bottles of Sparkling ICE
This stick with leaves that looks like a dragonfly stuck to my car window.
The shadow cast from my cap makes it look like Spiderman
This is an Irrawaddy and only 92 of them are estimated to exist. They also only have 12-19 teeth per side of their jaw.
A wet floor sign shaped like a banana
My sister's toy phone has a fortnite icon
The shadow of this statue of a hindu God in my house looks like another hindu God
2 Bananas 1 Skin
The way the heated inside of this barge melted the snow into perfect patterns
This vine seeking refuge from winter indoors.
Evidently 5 in 1 is pretty rare.
Some old porn ads found cleaning a friends house
Someone moved this big rock in the woods to reveal an old cig pack someone hid (and preserved) under the rock.
This egg's membrane remained intact
My “4-pack” of gushers in my box of galactic gushers
This puddle at Lake Tawakoni, TX shaped like the state. :)
I was lost and then I found this lorry
This 3D piece of art my family has hung up in their house
I saw that we are posting snowy no flash night pictures.
Just found out ketchup has the same consistency of yogurt
Ice spikes formed around my hubcaps.
Just found out ketchup has the same consistency of yogurt
This tiny spoon. And my hands are really small.
This tiny spoon. And my hands are really small.
Walmart using two ladders to display pool noodles
Wallah using two laters to display pool noodles
My mom has a wall of signed presidential portraits written to either my great grandfather or grandfather, going back to Roosevelt.
AP Spanish it taught in room 101 at our school, but this schedule makes it look like AP Spanish 101 is like an actual class that you take to learn about how to survive AP Spanish
This yin yang cloud
My carrot has a smaller carrot inside it
Old ammo can I got at garage sale
[OC] A tree fell where I live and another tree split it right down the middle
Lady uses remote control truck to buy steamed buns and avoid the corona virus outbreak in China
Just saw this in my sink 😑
The way the cereal boxes align with each other
Ooka Chinese &amp; Japanese restaurant in Birmingham Alabama makes a dragon with their sauces
Grocery store cart has an adjustable phone mount so your digital grocery list is easily visible without holding your phone
The white soap that had previously been in this dispenser and is now at the bottom must have a lower density (?) than the blue soap I put in to refill the container
An oversized piece of toilet paper
My mom took a photo of the driveway this morning. My dad left two perfect heart-shaped tire treads in the snow when he left for work.
Perfect snowflake
When the comment icon becomes a ritual line.
This wall decoration/fire extinguisher combo
Witnessed this plane circle EMA for over an hour at least (flight path in comments). Shows as leaving EMA to go straight into this pattern..... Incident or testing??
This fried egg that looks like Africa and Madagascar
Witnessed this plane circle EMA For the last hour.... radar (screenshot in comment) shows it as leaving EMA &amp; just circling! Incident or testing???
My hotel uses Starbucks style names for their coffee sizes
Took a photo of the Jaunty Seagull in Bude, Cornwall, little did I know that my name was reflected in the window!
I’m Australian so I’m not sure whether this is normal but apparently in Europe you can buy dinosaur colostrum
Ancient iPod Nano phone case
This fractal like pattern on a dusty table presumably from the path an insect walked
What she loves to do after a couple of wines.
The engine in my 69 plate Honda Civic. Not used to seeing a ‘naked’ engine in a car.
My friend's new locker has a huge pipe running through it
One onion becomes two onions
This spill looks like someone sneezing
Narrow house
This arm-warmer bike
Long exposure photo of Venus. It may have been a little windy or maybe it’s Venus’ signature.
My roommate is growing an avocado plant in our bathroom and is beginning to grow a second. For those of you who have never seen this before, enjoy. Apparently, one technique is to place the seed in water until it begins sprouting and then plant it.
This Stapler at my work is older then I am.
This diagram for an "information management cycle" that looks like a fidget spinner
My package left Manhattan (where I live) to Newark to be delivered later today back in Manhattan.
In Switzerland there are sockets that fit 3 plugs in at a time
This foot-shaped planter outside a chiropodists in my town
My eye colour becoming lighter &amp; changing over 4 years; brown/hazel/green. Apparently this occurs in 10-15% caucasian people, sometimes hazel eyes will instead darken with age. My age here is 25-29 -- Always check with an optometrist that the changes aren't indicative of any syndrome etc
Local pet store incorporated camera dome into the mural on their building
I was able to stab myself accidentally with a piece of my hair
This sneaky phone case
Some of these files say they were modified tomorrow...
this translation
Took off my keycaps of my MacBook
This lemon I grew had a lemon tree growing inside it. Also the lemons are huge
New South Wales bushfires taken from a plane above Sydney.
Some alterations to a Slippery When Wet sign.
Secret smiley face in Nokia 3310 circuits
This Acne miracle has 11,000 5 Star Reviews
This sign in the woods
This bizarre brickwork on my neighboring building
This motel uses dispensers to cut down on plastic consumables.
The cracks in my caulk look like a happy face.
What the sun looks like right now with all the fog (UK)
Unexpected engagement party with my delivery
The noise in my camera viewfinder looks like a photo from space
I trained an artificial neural net to produce trippy images and fed it a picture I took of a squirrel.
Inside of a Japanese vending machine
Twister board w/ every major US presidential candidate from 1880-2020. Liberals on the left, Conservatives on the right.
My fortune cookie came with the fortune outside the cookie.
I guess today is my cake day or something. Heres a cool thing the bubbles on my iced tea did when it was on the oven.
Never saw a tangerine this small before
I untied and reinflated 2 balloons and sealed them with a stapler purely to spite /u/Cultusfit [original in comments]
White Beyoncé
White Beyoncé
White Beyoncé
White Beyoncé
Acne Miracles
Was driving tonight and saw this plate. I had to yell it out
Part 2 of cleaning my parents storeroom, found this set of McDonald toys in a glass box.
A judgmental restroom somewhere in Las Vegas
A men’s restroom somewhere in Las Vegas
It took me over 3 years, but I used EVERY single Q-Tip in the jumbo box of 625 on just my ear cleaning. I had another box for other cleaning things. Tonight I used the very last one on my ears.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
A live Tropical Leatherleaf Slug, not a dead leaf as it appears to be
Fire hydrant in Poland
Why the letters are called upper case and lower case!
Why the letters are called upper case and lower case!
Scrap piece ended up in my rice crackers, and now I'm wondering if they usually just throw these away at the production line
This misshapen gummy worm.
Found my parents old collection of Star Wars movies after some cleaning from the storeroom.
These leather upper shoes after one week of wear.
He wears this hat everyday and he says it’s because it’s fashionable, what a guy
This solar powered E-Ink bus stop display that shows bus arrival times and can last a month without charging
He wears this hat everyday and he says it’s because it’s fashionable, what a guy
[OC] text on the back of a van I saw
Surprise Tropical Leatherleaf Slug! I certainly was surprised to see this leaf move when I was walking out and even more so when it it rolled up when I touched it with my foot. I had to research it during lunch, it's a native of Thailand apparently where I'm in sub-tropical Brisbane, Australia.
A Tesla charger outside of a hot spring in the middle of the Akita mountains.
Uncommonly light out tonight
my phone's activity tracker the week I got the flu
These fancy numbers were painted on our school lockers and they aren't the actual locker numbers
Most random.pic.ever.Bill Nye the science guy,Steve Jones of the SEX PISTOLS and FLAAAAVA FLAAAAAAVE!
The amount of Post K4rma I have matches the amount of Comment K4rma I have. (At the moment, that is.)
School based preventive dental program van parked in front of candy warehouse store.
A "board game" my 8 year old made. Can anyone spot a loop? I landed on it and I went into the forever loop.
My friend etches these miniature cartoon characters and here is his Spongebob
The little metal freshness seal from my can has a smiley face on it.
Yesterday I rode the “less than spectacular” Millennium Falcon Smuggler’s Run ride at Disney. If you look it up on Google Earth you can see the construction frame work of the scale size Millennium Falcon that resides there while it was being built.
See? A see thru leaf I found
This individually wrapped ginger came with my take-out sushi
Budgeting
how does this work?
Here’s a better photo of Chica and her chimera!
how does this work?
A wall in the radiology department of the hospital where I work
I got over 2 million in flip the egg on Snapchat
I got over 2 million in flip the egg on Snapchat
I got over 2 million in flip the egg on Snapchat
They still sell phone holders at that size
This lounge in CGK has a Indomie noodle station. Killer noodles.
This man-shaped hole in a wall
This chip in the wall looks like a game cover
A cup of vape
Public transport vs Private transport
I was able to untie and reinflate this balloon
Someone in my apartment building has decided to name his completely visible internet as "Hidden Network"
Raw edge cedar table we built for customer
These pizza boxes double as archery/gun targets when you’re done with them
This Sour Patch Kids Watermelon looks more like a jelly bean
This bird I painted by accident with two stoles of paint.
The "W" in the Walgreens logo looks like the "W" in the Washington Nationals logo
The size differential between these bananas
Llama has the clap
This bathroom with two toilets facing each other. You know, in case you get lonely while you poop.
The way this cotton candy just MELTS
This phone is a flip phone... With a touchscreen!
Shany brand nail polish “Shirin” is a color match to Blue Raspberry AirHeads
Outside at midnight, no flash or nearby light source, just a bright snowy night
My friend had this at lunch at my school ( couldn't take a picture so here's a image from Google)
The pattern that condensation formed on the lid of my yoghurt from the fridge.
I was just browsing through my photos and found this
The peeling skin on my hand kinda looks like America, Great Lakes included!
This dog toy has a dick
10-story card house.
This list or random restroom facts I found in a Jimmy John's
What he done this time?
Ice forming all last night and today, went to clean my car off this morning and pushed the snow brush over my windshield and the layer of ice remained.
Five minutes of using the iPhone 11 Pro Max’s camera used more power than browsing reddit for almost 1.5 hours
Colon means something else in Japan - it's a tasty cream snack!
Skinny Cow’s Clever Box Design
Colon means something else in Japan, it's a dericius cream snack!
Long avocados
My route looked like a face
A fly exploded when it landed on this hot light bulb. You can still see its shape
This carrot that looks like Donald Trump
iPhone’s operating system doesn’t capitalize god
Since the Coronavirus outbreak films like Contagion are seeing an increase in searches/views
Small Ibuprofen rock that was in the bottle from the pharmacy.
Which ones better?
An extremely colorful nudibranch
I found a small island forest fire on a satellite map
A raincoat for a cowboy hat
Why the letters are called uppercase and lower case!
Holes in the snow on the ground from snow falling off the tree.
This massive snow we're getting in Michigan right now
The shadow looks like it's charging my phone
I’ve been home sick lately since I moved away from my home town a couple months ago. My cousin sent me this in the mail today and I thought it was super cool!
I noticed my signature devolving over the past five years at the dentist’s office
This van I saw today
This school bus driver using a long stick to enter the gate code.
This recipe has a switch to keep your phone display on
Cursed Amazon purchase
My dad likes to take pictures and make them into pop culture references. Part 2
My dad likes to take pictures and make them into pop culture references. Part 2
These bottles all have different amounts of liquid in them.
My TV box says hurt since there is an outage in my area.
This cheap cake from Bangladesh looks like the DoraCake from Doraemon
Off center Pokémon
This machine in my local gym
This neverending hallway in my friends apartment building
This building at an intersection in my town has the street names engraved into it.
This sump pump is sitting on top of an old PlayStation 1.
An original copy of a newspaper from the beginning og WW1. (WARNING: NOT IN ENGLISH)
My pins came stuck together
I have this alien that looks like the Reddit logo.
This hilariously misogynistic newspaper clipping my great, great grandfather saved.
There’s a moon in my hot chocolate
This restaurant chair has rabbit ears.
My pop tart has a fold in it
This carrot looks like a bike handle + brake
This coka cola vending machines was made out of recycled spider man (lunchbox?)
U.S. Rep Trey Gowdy was on Forensic Files
Acquitted? search trend on internet for the word Acquitted...
Can anyone explain this???!!!
Some truck backed up in the snow and it looks like two hearts or scrotums
My new water bottle is a little old.
My brand new water bottle seems a bit old
Little biome in my parking lot survived a Texas freeze today.
The reddit logo if you are on a call
The way the prism colors "change" as the light color changes.
A tree growing over a lumber yard sign
This toonie with the northern lights on it.
When you don't have water supply...
This fortune cookie package with not one but two cookies.
My dad likes to take old pictures and turn them into pop culture references. (Sorry about the glare)
This gas price sign being tested
About 5 grapes grown together or however you would phrase it
This VW in Portland OR
This long grapes
Old Drum Shell w/out Rope [OC]
Thought these tea leaves that ended up completely rehydrating in my tea pot would fit well here.
This VW Bus in Portland OR
Partially frozen lake, with giant snowflakes shaped in the ice
The numbers that came up in my math work (I know my handwriting is bad)
This artwork at the restaurant I had my Birthday dinner.
White squirrel on my deck.
Seats at an airbnb look like a toilet seat
My blood print from the burn on my arm was a perfect smiley face
This single jelly bean my wife got for me
Found a sealed stick of trading card gum in a box of old baseball cards.
Car screw next to a phone screw
When I opened my chocolate milk carton, the cap seal thing stayed on the cap.
While waiting for my turn during a rules discussion, I built the stage from Q*Bert.
Wildflowers thriving on the bottom of an upside down palm tree in the middle of a river.
To celebrate Valentines Day, my local library is doing “A blind date with a movie”
I just almost walked into this icicle hanging from a spider web.
Really satisfying
The way this woman’s hair mimics ALF
These four crackers were still connected in a square.
The concrete part that traffic lights mount to before it gets burried
This snow pattern on my dad's truck.
Not rounding the “Total Fat” to the nearest whole number
Graffiti at my city is migrating to cursive writing
One day I noticed my cat uses the toilet.
56 years difference- Russian coins
These bills wafer boxes line up perfectly
I found this in Spanish class for whatever reason
I found this in Spanish class for whatever reason?
My language arts teacher's pencil
There's an alien on my table....too. E.T.
The hole in this person's car looks like a dog sticker
This monitor at work... came from Jersey apparently.
This rickshaw at one of our local Vietnamese restaurants.
"The Original Harray Potter" - according to this Scottish potter from Harray, Orkney.
I found an OOF painting at an art Museum.
oil spill in a perfect circle i saw on my way to the car
There’s an alien on my table
I stacked three golf balls
The tailpipe on this vehicle is a heart.
So a flip phone with a touchscreen... I downloaded Reddit!
Saw this out and about
The way the snow melted on my work vehicle.
The peephole from my door with sun shine looks like a rainbow bubble
This rock concert I found next to my mom's appartment.
The card holder for this tree cutting business is inside part of a tree
My frozen chicken tendie looks like a fat polar bear
This Oreo was made with the outside facing in
Went to get into my work truck and noticed the ice like this on the rim
Jaguar E-Pace Doors Light Ground w/ Jaguar + Cub
This Hot Tamale looks like a penis.
This pepper has a smaller pepper sticking out like a weird tongue
My new shoes vs the shoes I wore almost everyday for a year.
This @ symbol with an arc
These really pointy and round eggs my chickens gave me
Cone given to my dog after her surgery has nice messages written on it
These really pointy and really round eggs some of my chickens laid
How my soup dumplings were packed for delivery
These really pointy and really round eggs some of my chickens laid
These really pointy and really round eggs some of my chickens laid
This really pointy and really round egg some of my chickens laid
the reflection from the light in my room makes it look like there's a ufo outside
You smile I smile. Just drew this BP
Coral found on the beach of Taipan 40x magnification many photos stiched together
Odd programming line up....
I have a tooth erupting through the side of my cheek instead of through the gum (see off-white region next to finger)
100 “grocery bags” ordered from Amazon in black in the front vs 100 plus bags stored in my bin for years
My sister kicked a hole through the entire wall two years ago, and it’s still there to this day
This butcher shop is so old that i had a 5-digit phone number
This construction cover has holes for the trees inside.
This painting truck with chipped paint that looks like someone painting
2 in 1 salt shaker and pepper grinder.
My beer got double labeled
This strawberry. (If you're dirty minded, check the bottom.)
Melted light bulb pooled and reformed inside light fixture.
Storks are crazy
Storks are crazy
Storks are crazy
This puddle that looks like a goose
My 5yo son made symmetrical shapes out of his letter stickers.
I’ll be “skipping” Valentine’s Day this year
This frozen windshield.
My Zerowater filtered tap water reads 0.00ppm - now that's clean!
My coaster has a spot for a shot glass.
They light the tracks on fire to prevent them from freezing in Chicago (sorry for the crap pic)
My step count looks symmetrical
The road fell
Matching contour
Found this funky looking caterpillar on my bag a while back. What little research I did seemed to show this being a Tussock moth caterpillar.. and they're pretty harmful to certain trees.
The way my neighbor's snowman melted
This spill looks like the US
This bathroom where you can buy Pokémon figurines
I lost The Game homeschooling my son.
Leopard print school bus because....New Orleans
This to-go coffee lid that let's you smell the coffee as you drink!
Is this a common thing?
I'm this lucky. Started from the middle square
Took a picture of my dogs paw on my pillow
My textbook has a miscut page
this icicle stalagmite
Excited to Try out My Brand New GoPro
Most random ad I’ve seen in a while
A pickle chip just chillin in the jar
My rootbeer is reflection the writing know the cup.
My ribs made a smiley face...
Same teddy bear, 30 years apart. One is mine, other is my newborn son’s.
In elementary school, I checked out a book from the library and forgot to return it. I'm turning 20 in a few months and it's somehow still with me.
This blue salt on an icy driving area instead of the icy walkway. Yes they were done salting, no they didn't come back to salt the walkway.
My high score matched perfectly with my score.
This curtain and some wind cleaning a little part of a dirty apartment building
I like When Google has no idea who I am...
The snow and frost on this tree looks so cool.
Kit kat flavors not found everywhere
Found it in a math text book
Macro shot of frozen rain on a lilac twig
My grandma still has her flip cell phone from 1995.
Frozen droplets on a tree up close.
Nice looking snowflake that fell on my glove.
Took a picture of my dogs paw in a pillow
This butchers van slogan.
This butchers van slogan.
This rock formation looks like the figure of a man and a woman about to kiss (left pic) or in the middle of kissing (right pic), depending on your perspective
No snow just ice Love ohio
These fused Maltesers
The way the rain finds a home in this spider’s web
There's a detailed accurate model of the moon hanging up in the city square at the moment (scale of 1 to 500 000)
An upside down rubber duck causing a perfect ring of bubbles.
This rock I saw. Depending on where you’re standing, it looks like they’re either about to kiss or in the middle of kissing
A line of icicles that fell off this beam and then stuck to the ground still upright.
A tiger puking
This airport bathroom has lights to show you which stalls are free.
Cycle path growing moss where people don't ride.
Found this at the start of an old book.
scrape on my arm looks kinda like the nike swoosh
This stain on my garage floor looks like a dolphin.
Work's new resolution to us reaching through the gate and hitting the exit button to avoid scanning our badges
This keychain would’ve been a PERFECT rainbow color streak if the yellow chain wasn’t sticking out of place...
Took a picture of my dogs paw on my pillow.
I wore a bandaid while working in the rain all day and it turned my finger joint into a brain.
Marks on this meteorite show which way it entered the atmosphere.
Modern rules for cleaning up after your dog at this 2,000 year old Roman fort are printed in English and Latin.
Marks on this meteorite show which way it entered the atmosphere.
This ice slowly peeling off of my grill utensil shelf.
Never seen fog before when it’s below freezing out (29F). No wind so not blowing snow. Pressure down to 29.48” and falling.
One is norwegian one is american
Interesting sign
The way this ice looks on top of the snow
I think my dash panel is trying to tell me something...
Lightning struck a putting green in Iowa
This plastic protector strip behind the chairs so they don't damage the wall.
This clock in my woodshop class
This thin layer of ice on top of snow outside my house
This thin layer of ice on top of snow outside my house
This dressing was upside down in my fridge
Found this 40ish year old beer can in an air vent in my apartment
Was told to bring over a suitcase of samples to the construction site today. Only took me an hour to find this thing in the office.
The way the snow built up to look like a landscape drawing of a mountain range
The way the snow melted and began to slid down the roof, forming C-shaped icicles
Black River Bacon from Illinois knows their bacon.
The text on this package I received recently
Microscope parts made in West Germany, and still working.
Saw a painting in a restaurant and thought it reminded me of a photo i took.
This business freely allows girl/Boy Scouts but everyone else needs an appointment
Never knew there was a clear plastic receiver at the end of a sharpie cap
A single flower I saw on the way home. (Echium?)
This phone holder (?) I saw in a public bathroom.
These parking lots that give you extra space to open the doors in Wels, Austria
How this cafe repurposed am old tv
This poem on my receipt from my university's library
“A bit more” on my toaster
They hate us cause they anus
One of the many perks of being a culinary student
The hand dryers at my workplace project the word “DRY” onto your hands.
This small Skittle
This small Skittle
Even wear patterns over different shoes.
Carried some dusty ply wood that left an outline of my phone on my jeans.
Finally peeled the sticker off
This baby clementin i found inside my clementine
An ice leaf in New England today.
When a door closes, another opens
This framed portrait of Speedy Gonzalez sitting on a bench in Brooklyn
We have golf carts that pick up trash instead of trash trucks
My new pants are hydrophobic in the rain
The Wal-Mart I work at has had this mailbox for 8 years
The way the grass in my yard froze
These sheep have sticky-up ears.
Google moved the 9 down in 69 so it wouldn't look like that
13 year old lint filter from the gift dryer mom gave me in 2007...
This book clarifies who the true creator of the font it is printed in is
Car battery phone charger at the tire shop
My change this afternoon for a couple donuts and a bagel sandwich
Just realized my unbranded socks match my Columbian boots
The Luftwaffe delayed my paper.
These toilet roll tubes dissolve in water
This is what 35,000 GB of HDD storage looks like.
My grape Gatorade (usually purple) froze as this turquoise
This basket my mom made entirely of newspapers
These Tea bags.
This Carabiner clip I found at work
Found a cord for CD ROM
This tree growing through a fence
This tabletop is made out of shredded soda can parts.
The clouds covered exactly half the sky today
This "paper" airplane I folded out of sheet metal.
Shard of wood still got coated with match stuff
This complete washer
Only one of these dragon/lion figurines has a butthole.
Somewhat straight banana (Regular banana for comparison)
There was a tree growing up through the floor of an Arby's we ate at.
These clouds looking like a ghost viking ship
my parents cute (and overweight) cat has a half and half face. the colour of her gums are also half and half, as well as the pads of her feet!
This car had dust on it in the pattern of frost that’s long since melted/sublimated
A small bubble of Sprite formed on the top of my straw. The rest of the straw is empty.
My weird fat banana turned out to be a twin.
These black chips, surprisingly delicious
this old safe
This mesmerizing sunset
My first time visiting California for a music festival and a fire broke out.
This all black toothbrush I bought today.
I met Peter Pan once
Encephalartos ferox in Kona, Big Island
How this rice cooked
I peeled back the label on my hand sanitizer and found extra information
Spanish comic made a very unfortunate and gag on the background (1993)
A sign in the women's bathroom at a resort in Las Vegas
My new van arrived today lol
Frozen grass after a small ice storm
This ad for vacuum cleaner
Thing I found in my attic
In Argentina, “Chips Ahoy!” are called “Pepitos!”
Piggies all round!
The label on this creamer is off center
The founder of this medical institute looks like Theresa May
The egg shell cracked, but the membrane didn’t break
Ron Swanson being used to indicate mens room in Madurai India
Got a notification telling me I have too many memes
Did a double take when I saw this on the side of my eye, a bird shit-stain on my moms car looks like something out of a horror movie.
McDonald’s transformed local tram station to a happy meal box for their advert
Someone in my class made a very long balloon animal
My room this afternoon (the sun reflected on a road sign right in front of my window)
Someone in my Class made a very long balloon animal
Chapter 69 in my nursing textbook is assessment of the reproductive system.
Valentine's Knife gift
Book nook alley
X-Files &amp; Super Bowl 29
My donut-hole-less donut
The way this tree grew through the fence
This sweet potato looks like a walrus
This blood blister on my hand looks like a little face yelling in anger.
Mariah Carey’s year book comments from the late 1980s
This dry cat food I bought is shaped like little cat heads.
This tree that grew up through the center of an old railroad trestle support.
I have a single transverse palmar crease ("simian line") on both hands.
This piece of chicken kinda looks like a boxing glove
These "invisible" letters on my glasses
A good banana to use for an actual scale
A poster someone made at my school
A 3 in 1 grape
My buddy went to Venice Beach, so we did some location matching in GTA V
This coin of a different colour.
A planet growing inside this bucket
The way the snow is staying on the printed part of the table
Every morning the light cast a perfect shadow in my room
Whatever this thing is
Tiny Costa Rican "Baby Bananas"
There’s a little BMO-looking dude in this QR code
These tiny Costa Rican "Baby Bananas"
My dinner menu accidentally came with printing instructions on the back
This display photo, depicts a hand holding the display photo, which depicts a hand holding the display photo
This egg I found
This microwaves dial/heating guide
Peppers growing inside pepper
Please slow drively
This piece of strawberry in my dessert looks like a bunny
I found a tiny house inside of a tree stump.
Ice in a container left outside in the rain for a day.
My building alarm sign is a meme
The name on this Buick Enclave is misspelled
The name on this Buick Enclave is spelled wrong
This ad for... oat drink, apparently.
Single hair strand with multiple split ends
The name on this Buick Enclave is spelled wrong
Sideways tree
The name on this Buick Enclave is spelled wrong
This tree has been growing like this science I was a kid
This mannequin in a tattoo parlour with a moustache and middle finger
The name on this Buick Enclave is spelled wrong
What is the world coming to?
50/50 chance of clouds today...
This laptop has an actual subwoofer
This laptop has an actual subwoofer
Today my goofball teacher had these answer choices on our homework
This guy's LED backpack!
The splash pattern of the melting snow on my window
The way a friend of mine holds open their composition book
Diskermitnation still alive and well in 2020
The qay a friend of mine holds open composition notebooks
In dark mode, the Chrome dinosaur game gets light at night
The way snow rolls over my windshield
My office switched hand soap brands today, decided not to waste the old
a friend from college makes amazing drawings on the table when he's distracted
a friend from college makes amazing drawings on the table when he's distracted
How the field of view effects the perceived speed
The inside of this light catcher in my glass art class
This misprint in my fluid mechanics book
Split this wood ready for my fire and I noticed a cone growing deep inside the trunk.
my driveway this morning
This red pepper is growing a green pepper foetus
This artwork in my Silicon Valley hotel room looks like a circuit board.
A kid in my school set up a sword hotspot
Reflection of the light feels like there is a screen/phone under the bedsheet.
The way the concrete joints make an arrow in the sidewalk
My mom left these vitamin gummies above the microwave and they melted
My masking tape fits perfectly on my paper towels
Found a face in my Cheez-It box
Got some sort of super combo in my bag of combos today. Killed my appetite.
Panorama of used car lot turned out better than I expected. Note9 black and white
This DMV kiosk we found inside a grocery store.
This almost heart shaped spud
Found a figure in the rings of a piece of wood I got! Anyone else think it looks like a woman walking?
My frontyard,middle of the night,first snow this year,the snw reflecting the light looking like it.s middle of the day.
The way a bandage I'm allergic to burned into my skin while I was asleep after a shot
This cat lookout someone made
Paper bills were much cooler in 1896
This streetlamp is permanently on even when the others aren't because the tree that is next to it covers the light sensor.
Paper bills were much cooler in 1886
This Fortune magazine from March 1933
The color gradation of my leek cutting
I found a peppermint that looks like BB-8
A translucent D20 with a flashlight beneath it and a water bottle above it.
My university has functional payphones in it
Knots while chopping wood is usually annoying, but this one came out perfectly
This lion drawing on a classroom whiteboard
This face caught in the reflection of my bathroom wall shadows.
Tax Time in Chicago is always an interesting time.
The flap on my friend's juice was the wrong way round
The way the ice melts into my coffee...
My sister was in a Superbowl commercial.
The lake in my neighborhood has a floating house for the ducks and geese that live there
Barcode on this water bottle is shaped like a hill
A customer paid with this perfectly smooth, faceless penny last night!
The paper towel dispenser at my school has a setting to delay when the paper towel comes out
A Step impression vs a Stomp impression in the snow
A (somewhat) straight banana
Face in my tile floor
the way a bandage was "burned" into my arm after I got a shot
This small toilet on the right
This lizard lives in a smily face rock.
This small toilet on the left.
The tag on my sweater has a detergent advertisement
Hidden lumber pile drawers
Was making some Cheesecake when the spatula came out looking like Jupiter.
The dirt on the frying pan looks like space dust
Shadow of my pencil looks like a fire hydrant
After almost 2 years, this appeared on my window this morning. Due to the weather?
My bullet points progressively shift right as I write
Last pay period I worked 69.420 hours. Nice.
Toilet in Japan that uses the water to wash your hands to then flush the toilet
Toilet in Japan that uses the water to wash your hands to then flush the toilet.
Bunch of media and news reporters are at the courthouse today...I wonder who they’re waiting for (New York)
Macro photo of a gun barrel.
The paper I tore out from the notebook casts a shadow which is a man pointing a gun on the book
The paper I tore out from the notebook casts a shadow which is a man pointing a gun on the book
2-sided snowflakes in Indianapolis today.
I was soooo close to the 666 - could have creeped me out actually.
My cereal looks like a witches hat
The same street in homs , before and after the syrian civil war
This recycling can says Slim Jim on the side
This is the knife my grandmother has been using for over 20 years
The ice in top of a car in the morning
WeWork construction project management
Homs before and after war.
The canvas shape goes perfectly with an eye's shape...so here we are.
This guy selling icecreams on the sea
Loose snow swept away from a sidewalk to show the packed-down footprints underneath
My hen made an egg without shell.
This m&amp;m that is pi or it says I T on it. :)
This skull my Bio professor found in the woods
I found thus little nugget in my lunch today
My neighbour makes these lanterns out of ice for the whole neighbourhood
This succulent looks like a lady wearing a dress
The wear on the trackpad of my uncle's old laptop. The center is perfectly smooth.
This speed limit sign with a different speed for trucks.
This electric trolleybus in Armenia has a pre-molded opening for an exhaust pipe in the bumper
So I'm a big Howard Stern fan. A few years ago my wife gave me this as a gift. Riley was one one the people howard gave air time to. Basically he was insane. He was selling these a tickets to the mother ship when the aliens invaded.
Two sides of the same eucalyptus tree at a golf course in California
These signs they put up at my gym.
I saw a very angry deer yesterday
This micro-shellfish I found
Schindler's Lift
The small holes in propane exchange are in the shape of propane containers.
This quadruple goldfish
This ladybug is my new garden neighbor :)
The guys
The snow highlighted the rocks underground.
Crown princess of Denmark, Mary’s choice of shoes
the way the snow formed small spheres (Austin TX)
This rock shaped like a dog
Amazon now has an option to have your order delivered, in as few boxes as possible.
My number at the post office was 911
I was born 3 months early and developed Retinopathy of a Prematurity. I had to have cryogenic laser eye surgery to freeze my retinas. I finally got to see my retina scars last year after 30 years.
This mysteriously vague ad I received
This table has charging ports build into it
New technique can age fingerprints
Why is there such a difference?
These white things don't sink any deeper
Watching Disney+ and realize dude is wearing the same shirt as me!
the way this tree leaves are growing
This polydactyl kitty at my shelter.
The way this ice froze. Found in Pine Creek Canyon, Red Rock, NV.
My espresso is very excited!
This older vending machine with handles instead of buttons
They’re putting heart-shaped Cheerios in the boxes.
Footsteps, from and to nowhere
Footsteps, from and to nowhere
Huge shroom...sharpie for reference
A update on the Corona virus
This advertisement on tape
"May Contain Spoilers" on a "Spoiler-Free" video
Has anyone ever noticed Tim Allen's little gap in his bottom teeth?
Woke up the other morning to this frost on my window
my orange juice that looks like it’s screaming
This old tiny bottle of whisky I have that comes in its own matchbox.
This teenage carrot that was in my bag of baby carrots
I love Sweden.
When I peel my oranges it looks a bit rude, does anyone else do this?
My 90day transport ticket ends February 29th
This zebra crossing has images doodled on its white stripes
A urinal in a bar is an old keg
Just in case you haven't seen a turtle without it's shell.
This guy has been on the whiteboard for a week and nobody knows who drew it
How come my hotels cups are clear when they have a drink in them but have a blue tint when empty.
The local knitting supply shop used to be a bank so now they use the vault to store fabric
My friend drew a koolaid man on the wall (on the left)and the next day another koolaid man appeared (on the right)
Ice on chain link
My phone thinks there are more than 24 hours in a day
My family’s Christmas tradition of a 36 pallet tall bonfire
Child's physiology model using pasta, legumes and dried fruit bits.
Blue Silk Paper: normal (left) VS held up to light (right)
My clothes line this morning. That's ice.
This firework close-up
i made this coin stand up
Tip of a ballpoint pen under a microscope (100x)
WWII era menu from Sydney hotel
Each individual blade of grass froze last night
The way the snow in the shadow of the fence hasn't melted.
Same meme format back to back on different subs
Same meme format back to back on different subs
This nike birb
This nike birb
This nike birb
My receipt still lists the price in French Francs, a currency that hasn’t been used in 20 years, for reference
My breakfast is a tank.
KFC has a taco but instead of a shell, it's just chicken
I can’t tell of my cat’s eyes are green or hazel.
I can’t tell if my cat’s eyes are hazel or green.
This is what happens to a memory foam pillow in the washer
Toothpick crossbow
A screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot.
Some malls in Brazil offer an Alaska simulation experience, as most Brazilians have never seen snow
This hospital in Finland has local a amateur art show to decorate a long hallway
What he done this time?
Saw this on the way to work, how to get rid of construction waste easily
This boat be vibing
Interesting
Color Reflecting
This compressed kickers take at Marriott hotel Frankfurt, Germany
Cracked an egg with a completely red egg white
What six months of not cleaning out my winter jacket looks like, the pockets of the jacket are broken on both sides so the entire inside of the jacket is a pocket basically
This Walmart has a self driving floor cleaner.
A clock that goes backwards.
Foggy morning in London with a bit of sunlight equates to a ghost building on my walk to work
This urinal has a railing so that you don’t fall in
Some trash I’ve taken photos of over the last year
This curved plane trail
Some trash I’ve taken photos of over the last year
Decided to stack all my course material from my Bachelor in Med School while cleaning my room! (Powerpoints and online courses not included)
The way these bubbles lined on my water bottle
The butter is blessing me today!
This tangle in my wire looks like a pretzel
Etsy minimalist compostable packaging. Waxed canvas purse wrapped in 1 piece of brown paper secured with thin string of scrap leather.
Normal Australian dinner
Giant world globes - Why doesn't every school have this ?!
Normal Australian dinner
A seaweed in my soup had a small barnacle on it.
A seaweed in my soup had a small barnacle on it.
This bowl has the steps to make a strawberry glazed pie
This Cloud looks like it has a flat bottom
Just saw this 'inverse shadow' of the doorknob on the door
Took this picture 3 years ago during an eclipse and just noticed its projection on wall
Renovating a kitchen and I found this under the fridge this morning. Creepy!
Droplets inside this bottle
More ironic than interesting...
My grape was deformed
One of those is orange
These 10 cent coins perfectly fit the holes on this bench
This miniature composition book I found
An interestingly weathered ...rock, found on a wild camping trip near the River Esk, on the Scottish Borders.
Lights are chemistry beakers
Only days ago people cared about the date.
This slightly green bell pepper
Poor man's convertible.
Around Christmas time I stained my shirt and just realised it looks like a Christmas tree
The evolution of packaging
This bathroom had a ‘sanitary door opener’
Someone spilled something at my work and the stain looks exactly like a dog
This frog that lives in my fence.
The way my glass of water perfectly fell off the mini table
So Messed Up
This ring I designed
These rainbow-clouds
The way this boiled egg exploded.
The way this boiled exploded
Meanwhile in White House
Adidas.com has a category for yoga shoes, but it’s empty.
6 door Cadillac
This dragonfly perched atop one of the prongs of the lightning conductor on our building
I fell asleep wearing a Band-Aid I was allergic to
These anti-suicide stairs in my college residence building
My Super Star had two crowns
My Super Star had two crowns
Pizza broke in the box but fit better on my baking pan this way
This book I found at my job.
street library in front of neighbour's house, free to borrow and swap books :)
Wrinkled Egg
Bathroom rating buttons on hand dryer.
The scar running down my finger extends below the skin, presenting itself clearly in a blister.
The Jif logo looks near identical upside down.
Coronavirus: Should We Be Worried?
a water bottle that resembles a prescription bottle
Waived a cigarette in the dark.
Walmart rolling forward prices...
That's snow tongue!
1908 newspaper article describing a new high school class on "wooing" being taught in Illinois.
there is a ruler under the skin of my slappy bracelet
A celery that looks like one of those tube men outside of car dealership
This oddly shaped piece of toilet paper
Ice on car window up close night shot.
This oddly shaped toilet paper piece
Baby crocodiles sound like blasters from star wars
The sun ray looks like it’s pouring into my beer
The design on this Little Caesars mascot's clothes is made with an L and a C
this funky pretzel i found
This sweat stain kinda looks like south America
These giant Reese’s Puffs (big boi fruit for scale)
Green laser pointer reflection from humid mirror
This strawberry is very sexy
Amnesty for cannabis
The imprint of this bird on a window
A bald eagle 🦅 picking up a dead whitefish in Northern Ontario
Oven knobs have adjustments on the back to make the numbers on it more accurate.
This mama cat saving her kids from cold is goals
We found the location for the Charles Manson Family photo
These Identical drinks have different tops
Snack time surprise: grape within a grape
I Finally messaged my Sister back!
I finally messaged my sister back
This antibacterial escalator handle
This ice was crystal clear
Step vs Stomp
Sealed pack of chocolates, one unwrapped!
My portable charger came with it’s own light
My Ocarina doubles as a space laser!
I screenshoted at the exact time when my screen flipped
Haley Joel Osment's face never grew, only his head
The way that a selfie was described in a Life magazine from 1996, years before the term "selfie" would become mainstream
Job posting by Jeff Bezos - 1994
Tie fighter tangerine
My friend made an all in one breakfast
These plantains grew together
This braiding carrot
This wet floor sign shaped like a banana peel
A plant growing out of a brick wall
This surge protector has two extra outlets on the sides.
My school decided to have a memorial of Kobe Bryant on my school library
This Pomelo looks like lungs when cut in half.
I’d say this is very interesting
I also saw a (partially) albino squirrel out my window!
The way the original rubber band that held the cable got inside a package that has been sealed for almost 25 years.
I put baby Patrick on a cardboard chair I made for engineering class
This was left from a tin can in my art class, decided it showed be on here :)
Was gifted this “shot glass”
I put baby Patrick on a chair I made for engineering class
This package that has Leap Day as the best by date.
Made this with a 3D pen in a STEM class. Was kinda hard with the pixels that wouldn't connect.
I found a pack of Gobstoppers with 4 candies in it.
Now you need Premium to watch offline videos?
Copenhagen. The lobby of our hotel just screamed Scandinavia OC
This finger in my soup
Recently found this in my pictures... Surprised the world didn’t end that very second.
Fleece blanket perfectly encapsulated the rest of my laundry after washing
This mall in Vegas make it look like you’re outside
Which way does your toilet water flow?
The ceiling at school in the art classroom
Which way does your toilet water flow?
This massive blueberry, or is it a small hand?
Lysol kills corona virus
Gee thanks google
This building in Vancouver starts as a triangle and merges to a rectangle
I made this Gummy Bear Ritual Sacrifice because I needed something to do with my hands.
I accidentally poured wine exactly to the label
This Mannequin/Doll Family
This metal pot has measurement lines on the inside
These trees kinda look like a big bird. Sunrise in Bolivia.
Found a rainbow on a random tree
I found this mining claim marker in a tin can that a tree grew around.
This Bank drive-thru that was turned into a Chipotle patio.
Petroglyphs in Zion
My dish soap looks radioactive in certain lighting
Found a random rainbow on a tree the other day
Weird angle makes giant dr phil
Weird angle makes Dr.Phil a giant
My ear bud's protective sticker had a faint outline of the logo
Icicles left standing on sidewalk when car drives off
Found this Dorito Nacho Cheese nacho that kinda looks like Australia
If you really want to see a what a gerbil looks like, now is your chance
Taco cookie. Because tacos are love.
The patterns made from oil under the lid of my jar of coconut oil.
Removed the carpet in one of the bedrooms to do up the hardwood flooring, found these ink prints from old newspaper underlay.
There was a tiny bell pepper growing in this bell pepper.
My paper menu at dinner has Printing instructions on one side
This breathtaking view outside my cable car
The perfection of the snow falling on this dock at my towns lake
This pool has a permanently installed food truck
This Hobo Morgan Silver Dollar
My macaroni uniformly oriented itself in the microwave
A message I found in the back of a trailer at work
All white sixlet for you perfectionists
Went to throw out the trash, looked up and seen a Lunar Halo with what appears to be a ring on the side
Adapt, improvise, overcome
Driftwood building from Skagway, Alaska
The green on this rock has disappeared
The green on this rock has disappeared
The green on this rock has disappeared
I made a sign I can never post at work for my own sanity
Few years ago i was preparing architectural renovation exam, so i had to check some cadastral logs from the 1600 for the building history...
This notebook is missing some lines
My family’s Christmas tradition of a 36 pallet bonfire
I have no way to demonstrate it, but this can I just pulled from the box is empty and has never been opened, bottling anomaly
This lego wiimote I have
This lego wiimote I have
The imprint on this blood pressure cuff.
This albino raccoon my grandma is feeding
Radioactive source label I found at a flee market
My mom's books collection make an image
The fog makes the casino lights visable
My mom's books collection make a image
Can anyone else do this with there chin?
Y’all ever realize baby dolls are made for babies
This mild spoiler.
Magical accidental fluke, my total equaled the exact amount left on my gift card
My apple juice is perfect on the line of the cup.
My local Love’s gas station sells steam punk hats.
Wisconsin sun creates large beam of light. (Sorry for crude photo, I was driving)
My Kyubey plushie
This sunrise the other day at my work
My phone is organized by color.
My mom bought me this Pippen Bar sometime in the early 90’s. It’s been in her freezer unopened ever since as I thought it would appreciate in value.
My phone is organized by color.
This spider managed to anchor a rock to its web
The way my wife decrusts a sandwich
Water on my sunroof this morning
The amount of detail in a game that came out like 3 years ago.
I wrote a perfect P in geometry class today.
While getting a tattoo, some of the ink splashed on my arm
Found a baby bell pepper inside my big bell pepper
While getting a tattoo some of the ink splashed on my arm
While getting a tattoo some of the time ink dripped down my arm
This piece that fell off my grape stem that looks like Australia
The sun reflects off my double pane back window.
Walmart is apparently interested in getting you into the mobile ice cream business.
This BBQ place in Pflugerville, Texas had a Banh Mi on the menu.
When ur post has the same rank on hot as amount of upvotes
The algae growth on this creek looks like a path.
Going through storage and my mom showed me some money she illegally took out of East Berlin while visiting (circa 1981)
This hedge was the only one that had this particular color!
Guy last class drew a lil scene on the desk
A block of onyx being cut into slabs for carving into chess sets and such, Mexico 1071
A secret note in my instructions!
Awesome sunset
This donut with a heart in it
This 1GB SD card I found in an old camera
I work at Subway. My coworker was cleaning the toaster, and this happy little dude showed up on the towel. His name is Jim. :)
I guess a bunch of these spaghettis didn't get cut properly during mass production
My own post showed up on my feed!
Real-life cyclope puppy born with a genetic mutation, nicknamed Kevin after the Minions cartoon character, born in Thailand.
The amount of comments on this post
This home made toy gun
I peeled the shell off a egg
The vegetable factory left a carrot in my broccoli
What 8 years of flea market and thrifted Jurassic Park figures looks like.
This statue that predicted Ryan Reynolds future.
This Oreo crumb formation in my daughter’s milk
Marjorie Post's dinner table centerpiece called "War and Pieces". The thing in the center is an atom bomb mushroom cloud. The figures carrying flags are made of sugar.
These public benches are reversible, so you can choose to look at people, or boats.
My smiling apple... Happy appy if you will.
The racing decals on this car at the grocery store.
The foil came out as a heart.
These water droplets look weird up close with red light.
Frozen pattern in my bird bath
Piss looks like a thumbs up.. woah
Found this on my way to my house yesterday
The “stop sign” in the background of the new Domino’s commercial says “NOID” the name of its bunny mascot from the 80’s and 90’s
This very clean break of a glass
Is anticlockwise the new clockwise ?
The stopwatch on my phone has been going in the background since whenever I last pressed it.
A warning at my local clinic about Corona Virus
This apple that looks like it had a slice replaced with a darker apple slice
A "Dog Parking" found outside a Supermarket
Trash truck I was behind came with a warning.
This flight path a plane nearby took
This Starbucks with a hole for a palm tree
The way these icicles uniformly froze around the light
Jackfruit is big. Also the skin is latex. Keep the knife (and your hands) covered with coconut oil. Let the jokes start!
This book's cover was assembled upsidedown relative to it's pages
This floating dog
They forgot to delete the testing photos off my phone
(More) blocks being defended by obsidian from a world destroying TNT
On Pac-Man 256, after eating 5 power ups, I earned 256 coins! Coincidence?
This dog kinda looks like he’s floating
This NYC pizza box
This ATM accepts cards horizontally
Obsidian protected the other blocks from this world destroying TNT
When you receive a gift note not meant for you
This banana peel wet floor sign
A Coronavirus is any virus from the family coronaviridae And is not a specific virus
This penny from 1903
This candy that looks like sushi
This Bird scooter fished out of the Baltimore harbor has barnacles growing on it.
An L-shaped cardboard box
The bird on top of my cup has a perfectly positioned hole
A Coronavirus is any virus from the family coronaviridae And is not a specific virus
The ash from my incense fell in 4 upright columns.
This snow man
found this on the table in my science class.
The bird on top of my cup has a perfectly placed hole
This SnowWoman.
The bird on top of my cup has a perfectly placed hole
This pretzel stick in a bag of twists
A double leaded pencil I found
The way the liquid soap at work is separated
The Los Angeles metro is paying respect to Kobe
I live smack dab in the middle of texas and it FINALLY SNOWED.
This drugstore vending machine in Vienna
This church on an island in the middle of a lake in Slovenia
This overly happy goldfish
Dental floss dispenser in restaurant's restrooms
The Size Of This Crisp
Coinstar selling Bitcoin?
Basketball hit wet paint and it made a smiley face
This icicle growing off the snow
This knot in the 2×4 that popped out when we ran a screw into it by accident.
A double flavored dum dum I got
My cats have made a cat in their scratching board.
Someone’s iron must have accidentally turned on and burned the hotel luggage cart.
This restaurants slippery floor sign is a banana!
The bubbly texture of the snow on these rocks
Two mushrooms grew from under this snail shell that look like snail eyes
My fiance gave birth to a butter angel.
I found an unpuffed veggie straw
How my coke was manufactured
This exists? Coneheads action figure from 1993
SMH comments section looks like it's designed by Ali G
Baby Yoda is now considered to be a hate symbol
This fire hydrant is NSF rated
Drew this cute birthday boy
This case of neon lighting examples
Clouds over upstate NY
Was walking home from school and I saw this moss in the sidewalk nearly forming a perfect heart
Tiny bananas. Regular bananas for comparison.
San Francisco Fire Department
Mini bell pepper inside big bell pepper
Liquified salt
Sold for $100+ , Not a bad profit
I found a big smokie in my lil' smokies
Found this drainage tunnel in the woods lined with news papers from 1930's.
A pile of staples that I removed from documents for scanning
My neighbors got a backup car. Same make and color.
The shadow from my bathroom mirror alines with the tiles.
This starburst is the same colors as my dog’s Nylabone
The knife on the right is the last one of the original set from when the restaurant I work at opened almost 30 years ago, the one on the left was bought 2 years ago. The difference 25+ years make
How one side of my neighbors house is split exactly in half. The roof, window frames even the vines growing on the building .
A fire removed the paint and revealed years of graffiti
decorative plate from 1993 i found while cleaning. made in japan
This cool clock at the vet (Sorry for the bad quality)
I wanted to see how many times I could cut a piece of paper in half. I managed 28 times. (The ruler is in millimeters)
I found a round piece in this bag of tortilla strips
Nils Holgersson on the back of the 20 Kronor (Swedish) banknote.
I missed my last opportunity.. But I got it this time.
This piece of celery with almond butter looks like a person.
The bricks and glass on this wall blend together
My starburst packet had 2 pinks but they were different wrappers
What he done this time?
My fiancé's eyes have the coolest patterns
I saw an albino squirrel in a park where i like
The company that baked this bread burned it on one of the slices.
This couch made from parts of a classic car.
Hmm, didn't know that
52525 looks kinda cool
Glass bowl of cereal outside of Safeway. Poor hungry workers.
This old cup with a drinking imprint on the edge
The bar code on my popcorn chips is a tractor and corn!
The gradient of this freshly cut green onion
My r/all looked oddly coincidential today
A baby pepper I found inside a bell pepper looks like an embryo
these creepy cardboard shoe inners that my poppa had inside his new shoes he bought.
Some detailed bathroom stall graffiti I found.
Crisp bags in a local store being organised sideways?
A few pics I took in my hometown, known for its many white squirrels (not albino). Illegal to trap them or move them elsewhere as it’s our thing... Exeter, Ontario, Canada. There’s even a mascot who comes to parades and store openings!
Blue and gray or pink and white
These giant oreos
My chair wore down one specific spot in the floor over the past year and created a ring shape
These snowflakes falling around a lamp post.
These disinfecting wipes claim to kill the Human Coronavirus as well as HIV
Swirl in a frozen puddle of ice outside our shop.
This PT Cruiser without windows
Apple released that they are adding these emojis to their keyboard.
This PT Cruider without windows
This mini accidental terrarium I found in the woods
The albino squirrel I encountered
This cloud I saw that looks like a stork carrying a baby
Tree with helmets tried to it
A case of disappearing children in an old photo.
This can/bottle of soda I bought
There is horse fat in this hair mask
this kit kat with no wafer inside
Sign-up below to secure your spot.
This tree has grown around the metal bars at my university.
This giant wrench I saw at work today
This banana this morning had a heart on it
I found a (fake) shrunken head in my grandpa's old stuff
A picture i took at midnight by the river. Looks like cartoonish painting, No filter nor photoshoped
These shoes which are a Vegans nightmare. Kept the cows fur on the leather
These shadows from the clothes rack looks like a bunch of dogs in different poses
It's a fake candle, but it's still made of wax.
I got so bored in class that I made up Paper Tetris. I assigned each block a number value and then would flip to a random page in my textbook and look at the last digit of the page number to play.
Turtle coat hanger in bathroom stall @ bar in LA. (Didn’t remember taking this until the next day lol)
More twisty tie art from my sandwich shop job
The stuffed animal collection of my seven year old bro. Can you count them?
When my son was 4 he accidentally tattooed his hand with a broken marker, he's 11 now.
I remember seeing a pic on here a while ago of someone posting -20.00 lenses. Here’s the other side of the spectrum with +10.00 lenses.
My perfect spiral hair
My perfect spiral hair
My perfect spiral hair
My perfect spiral hair
My perfect spiral hair
My perfect spiral hair
Heard you guys like accidental beer art. It’s a tree or a nuke
My perfect spiral hair
My perfect spiral hair
Color Temperature For Light Bulbs
My Orange Peels Vaguely Resemble a Map of the Old World
Long exposure shot I took on my phone. This is on my counter at my house using an led light.
The view from inside my glass shower door
How just how??
My protein powder has some sort of magnetic charge
The cards were never cut.
The reflection of the fireplace behind me makes if look like the fountain pool is on fire.
The oldest yearly profile badge on Reddit is for 15 years, meaning that every year they have to make a new highest one
Of Welter and Whim
Newer versions of the album “Dookie” by Green Day no longer include the puppet of Ernie on the back cover. It was airbrushed our for fear of litigation.
My dish soap looks radioactive in blue light
Nerf Battle Wall
Looks like an aug from C.O.D
A un-ripe blueberry i found
The way the snow formed on the back of my SUV.
Found this screw inside of my PS4
This carrie book I bought has some sort of printing malfunction that makes it look like there are blood stains in several pages
This carrie book I bought has some sort of printing malfunction that makes it look like there are blood stains in several pages
The way the snow curled off the roof
I found a big smokie in my lil' smokies
This fake refrigerator amp’s levels go to 11
These chocolate shaped bus seats next to the candy store
The way the shadows of the tree branches look like red spray paint on this reflective sign...
“Well we definitely can’t cut it down.”
Seeing as you guys liked that nazi coin from the early 1940's - I thought you might enjoy my collection of Austrian, German, US, Japanese, and USSR money (and an Australian stamp) From 1875 (German) - 1975 (USSR) (see my comment for more details)
This spicy Vitaminwater
I have a gently used sweatshirt that appears to be from the 80s that leaves behind little bits of red dust whenever I wear it
The shiny squirrel I failed to catch
Turns out the black remote for my FireTV is actually translucent red
My doctor’s office uses Hello Kitty toilet paper. I’ve never wanted to steal something so badly in my life!
A tomato with horns
“War in the pacific” US quarter
On the men’s bathroom wall of the Greek restaurant I ate at
Burnt suction cups from our roof window (survived 3 British summers)
This cars tiny licence plate
Upvote arrow on my pant
A 20 year old bill from a bookstore I randomly found in a book that I was reading.
Talk about a blast from the past to my childhood, Berenstain Bears!
The Arby's we're eating at didn't remove this tree when they built the restaurant.
I found a pinecone in the woods that looks like a tempura shrimp.
Wrinkly Egg.
I found this salt at my great Grandparents house! I think it's from the 90s!
Walmart parking lot art.
One side of my Mint Oreo was flipped.
Colour of this calf’s fur.
A stink bug left its shed skin on this windowsill.
Bubbly Smiley that's a good morning
This man's jawline
A juice bottle with a 2120 expiration date
An albino pidgin I found
This cloud looks like a line
This really big pinecone
The reflection of my bottle of water
Doing tips today at work. Found this gem.
this Starbucks’ men’s’ toilet has a little side piece so you can raise the seat to pee without touching the seat itself
There are 4 Gobstoppers in one package, usually there are 3
An Albino Squirrel in our backyard
Short short bus
My coffee smiled at me this morning
The back of me dogs ass looks like a dog
This is a picture my friend took of the rare sky.
Sunset from Boulder, Colorado
The Dishwasher took the red out of my Pot Noodle
My 32GB Flash drive advertised as one actually turns out to be a micro SD card reader, meaning that if the flash drive broke, the data would be safe as long as the SD card if fine
My kid-I need to buy an Lol boy. Me-that’s a boy?
Inside the bowels of a fuel pump
The size of this pinecone
An old school OOO in a modern world
The blankets still held the shape of the basket after being dumped
It looks like a little robot watching me but it's just my wireless headphones carrying.
this object used for holding pencils once they become small
Found this stuck to the back of the under stairs cupboard in our 1900s house. Any suggestions how to remove without destroying it? - I don’t know what glue it’s stuck on with!
This snitzel sandwich
When reporting a tweet on Twitter, there is now an option to report for being misleading about a political election
These poles at MC Donalds look like cigarettes, Victoria Australia
Plant growing out of a fertilizer bag at my local gardening shop. [OC]
This gigantic sandal outside my window.
I cracked three eggs in a row and each of them had a double yolk
The bottom of this stamp looks like a murder scene because of the ink
This pear that looks like the Death Star
Bread stickers on the floor at Little Caesars look like real bread
Nicholas Cage in a Nicholas Cage
Kitchen sponge my mom bought
3 fruit snacks stuck together
2 Fortune 1 bag
This peanut butter turd
This snowline slowly creeping down.
Reverse snow tracks.
Burger King in greenwood SC with a backwards "opening in March" sign
One of the butter cups from McDonalds came out as a smiley face
A Strawberry Rice Krispie got stuck in the seal
my friends pen is made from a water bottle!
The way ice formed on the Nissan Logo
My neighbor found this news paper from 1928 in the walls of the house he was renovating
my friends pen is made from a water bottle!
Somebody sells covers for trash cans so your trash cans don't get dusty or wet.
The way the snow fell on on this building in Tromsø, Norway.
This Spiky Tree Seed Pod
The way these two random reddit submissions seemed to line up. From a wave to a burning ladder.
Identifiable pieces of shrimp in my ramen
This politically incorrect metal wall art... Any clues to age or origin?
These near perfect snowflakes
How my cat relaxes in the stairs.
A time lapse of my tortoise eating, it takes so long my phone ran out of charge twice
The way sunlight shines through a window on these file cabinets at work.
This business card has the initials of the 12 months, in order, starting with June.
My dollar bill serial number is four pairs of numbers
I started working out for the first time and I got stretch marks on my arms
Once you can see it you can never unsee it
The way portrait mode failed
This one grain of sugar on Jim Jam Biscuit
They put pancake batter in a rice cooker
This advertisement for a christmas tree fish bowl decoration from 1888
Pip boy malfunction
I feather my peanut butter
Colorado sunset.
A rare leap year expiration date, only printed on one day every 4 years
Found this 3/4th pine cone that was likely chewed by some animal on this Wisconsin morning.
The water on this cup looks like a little tree.
the chocolate sauce melting inside of the ice cube
Pepsi Superhero Collector Series circa '66, '75, '78x2
Clear fused pushpins
Driving with tabs that expired 35 years ago
The way Ice formed on furniture wood this morning
Hospital TP dispensed like tissues.
My neighbor's homemade mailbox
A coin my pa gave me
We got around 14 inches of snow and it got perfectly shaped on my tramp
thousands of birds outside my school in white plains NY
say hi to Carl!
I "excavated" a cookie in high school history class today
The way the snow curled off the railing. It's like a wave, it is not supported underneath. Another angle in the comments
The way my cat has curled her murder mitten
How they cover the construction of the facade with an image printed on canvas that looks like the original facade. Image from Hamburg, Germany
This fern growing in a sidewalk lamp
Cold morning in colorado
Rocks below the ice leaving imprints
Maybe they mean "meticulous."
This polar bear-statue outside a house in Norway
Two labels on this drink
They have a cone for delivery people to use on the street.
Bar door with a pizza slot, so they don’t get knocked out of their hands.
Dow Chemical says they are not harming the atmosphere
Spiderweb that looks like a Spider-Man mask
This lantern
This lantern
My sauce bottle didn’t get perforated
Due to the coronavirus crisis, Business class tickets are now cheaper than Economy.
A fish jenga tower
Just got my replacement debit card (right) because my old debit card expired (left). Notice the chip card design looks different
This artwork in my workplace (digital agency)
My Zzz plant grew around a cat whisker.
This house from the 1800s that has a modern mariot hotel built around it
My ice cream cone’s chocolate center was inverted.
The way the light matches with this orange stripe makes it look like its glowing. Its just painted cement.
This toliet paper shadow looks like a giraffe.
My local mall just added this rent-a-powerbank system
I called it! (Not edited)
These rabbit ears.
Amazing Sunset
A pristine thread in the middle of a frayed rope
My boot prints look like what you’d see in old cartoons
Just another day at the office
So I ordered a burrito “to go” with no olives. This was on top of the box
X-Ray pictures showing wasteful and deceptive packaging on common grocery items.
This Volta Charging Station's message was really interesting to me, and idk why
These tree sap icicles I found
This original german newspaper from 4.2.1940
How the lighting on these two posts match up
Why would they program a number that doesn’t exist?
How these two pictures match up, nice.
Saw an albino squirrel out my window
This small pallet
This oil/water stain looks like a cow skull
This photo at my jobs bathroom.
Nice
My hitchhiker's thumb
I just found a hidden inside pocket that I didn’t know I had on my backpack. I have had this backpack for years.
Blue Screen Billboard in Nashville Today
Friend's vehicle registration ID apparently never expires.
My toothpaste looks like a tooth.
This doggy piggy bank
Second time I’ve seen snow
In the UK we have tea specifically designed for hard water
How to Potty Train your Puppy EASILY! Everything you need to know
Accidentally made a spider during class (sequence in comments)
This Cannabis Amnesty Box just beyond the TSA checkpoint at the Chicago Midway airport
Daughter(3) has super curly hair, except one section of straight hair that she was born with.
The Cloning Paradox
Weird thing found on pavement next to Bill Clinton’s childhood home.
This concrete looks like wood from the wood used to frame it while it was being poured.
Apparently the God of thunder works at frankie and bennies these days
Crack on the bathroom wall looking like Winnie the Pooh
This Montage Snapchat Ad
Parked at work and paused playback of my Audible course on a numerical palindrome.
One blue cap in this entire water shipment
In season 2 of an anime called rezero one of the main characters gains a lot of weight after some sort of magical mishap
My pepper had a pepper which had a pepper insit
This weird fork my aunty has
"Otters Crossing" warning sign on a causeway in Scotland
My favorite picture from the top of the Verrazano Bridge in NYC as part of my job we go up to perform maintenance from time to time. It’s truly an amazing sight.
My dad just received this letter, 24 years late. The postage stamp says 1996.
They added these in my school bathroom so people can’t see between the cracks in the stall
I wiped the extra ink from my ball pen and it created this picture which looks like a BAT is flying
These disposable cups used for pills.
This girl on a door of a kebab restaurant who looks like Miranda Cosgrove
I missed the picture of 80085 but here you go for all you palindromic number lovers
My fortune paper told me I freed it from the cookie
This death star firepit
Economic toaster plug
We hired a new valet guy for our office and he seems to be a little O.C.D
This „American Style“ Pizza with Hot Dogs stuffed into the crust.
Cat has all four feet replaced with 3D printed 9nes after losing them to frostbite
On Interstate 70 in Colorado, DOT replaced the Mile 420 sign with Mile 419.99 since it was stolen so many times
These giant oreos
A 100 year old penny I found in my change today
My Reddit feed had good timing. The above is a video or a coyote and badger and below is an article about why... both posted by different people and on different subs.
I have a lego of a real lego set
This double-decker street I found walking around in Thun, Switzerland.
Found a picture of Mona Lisa made up of animals, angels and furniture.
Small space heater looks like an astronaut helmet
This almost circular rainbow I saw from the plane
This table has tiny nipple on the side of it
A coin I have from the nazis
This coin from the nazis
Carrot cooked into chicken
This mildly confusing sign I saw in upstate NY
This almost circular rainbow i saw from the plane
This AD i caught while going to Abu Dhabi like 3 months ago
The shape my conditioner formed when it squirted out of the bottle
I found this empty box of ammo when viewing a house
The rain washed away the dirt around this pipe and created a wall, the mud then created a hole to funnel through downhill.
Bill Murray as Carl Spackler by Ling, Melbourne, 2018.
The back of my cat's head looks like the front of a dog's face.
My dad has been drinking from this cup for over 40 years. In rotation with others. This one has the exact print where he drinks from.
Two different wall street Journal headline pictures, same day..
The back of my cat's head looks like a baby fruit bat's face.
The people living on this hill station have either blue or yellow water tanks.
This tv fit nicely in the corner.
My Giant African Land Snails are currently making baby snails.
took a photo down a microscope with some blood under it
This “thing” from a Museum.
Real Marble Poker Card Gift - Shatterproof
New signs at our local grocery store
This sugar packet has a very minimalistic design
Sign on a causeway in Scotland
the chocolate sauce melting the ice cube from the inside
These cardboard packaged pocket tissues
This broken outlet cover makes it look like a bear with a tilted hat
What he done this time?
This avo pit hole looks convex, or like when the avo is not quite ripe and the flesh sticks to the pit.
The reddit vote buttons have different colors than I expected.
these ''virus meatballs'' that somebody made
Tom Holland was sleeping on set when this poster photo was taken
This knife edge line of rock near the surf in Hawaii. Zoom in, it's like lace
This Ottoman era birdhouse is designed to be a miniature version of the mosque it is on
Not sure if it was a dog’s toy or if the dogs chewed it to that point...
My tangerine has a smaller one inside!
This very short 30 km/h zone
Saw a dead bat at a Wawa parking lot in South Jersey tonight.
Put a $65,000 piece of equipment on top of a home depot bucket and plastic plant pot. Always find a way to set up the experiment.
This eye shaped candle I have, which after burning, made a smaller circle in the center
This portable saddle chair you can put on any chair.
Animal skulls attached to a tree. Not far from Warsaw, Poland.
This newspaper article
Someone went through every single mirror in my school and put positive post-it notes on all of them
This hole they cut out for the tree
This is a cross section of a Katana.
This rainbow on our bathroom wall.
Really old school Pizza Hut in Leamington Spa UK
This void fill kind of resembles Pringles
Wedding invitation of two people who met at a party for divorced singles.
This VW's paint job to make it look patina.
Maui Brewing quality assurance laboratory had a can of Yuengling on their test stand
Look at my Astronaut Lamp, You guys might like it
Four leaf clover in my beer from an Irish inspired brewery.
The gas station brand from Toy Story
This really small mandarin orange I got for Chinese New Year
This gas station that only cards people born after 1920.
Who says pants has no singular form?
This waterfall that is “sticky” instead of slippery
My local newspaper dropped off a paper today that is dated for two days from now (received on Tues, Feb 4)
In Australia..Going through the drive through bottle-o on a horse with faithful companion on a leash.
My local newspaper dropped off a paper today that is dated for two days from now (received on Tues, Feb 4)
The way my miso soup moves
Cute albino ant (sorry for camera quality)
They put pancake batter in a rice cooker and now im aroused
'Idk' was first used in the language that WWI-era American doughboys used to harass new guys in the unit.
How does this happen?
this sign looks like a watermelon, kinda
Found while moving. Somehow ended up with a promotional copy of avatar.
For the first time in my life I finished a tub of lip balm
This wax seal I own made by King Henry VII of England
Why isn't the sky lit up at night if the sky is full of stars like the sun?
Why isn't the sky lit up at night if the sky is full of stars like the sun?
These weird grapes at my work place
My boss hammered a screwdriver into the wall to hold his hammer.
This happy closet rod hanger dude!
Fuzzless Kiwi
This bumper sticker I saw on my commute home tonight
This piece of playground equipment reminds me of E.T.
my desk is messy
Just a random car tire rim on the side of the road.
i have a bullet hole in my bedroom wall
Local police station set up a place in their parking lot for people meet up for online buy/sell
My food cabinet. Show me yours.
Adnan Barakat (1935-2000), a Syrian actor who bore an uncanny resemblence to Stalin
This is called false vivipary. My Venus Flytrap grew a flower stalk and instead of growing seeds, it mutated and skipped to growing a plant instead.
Just replaced the strings on 9 of my instruments. Never seen so many old strings all at once, thought it was kinda neat
This other stop sign
This stop sign
Found this 2008 GQ Issue magazine, starring Megan Fox, in a suitcase under my bed.
Found a Star Wars SpaghettiOs in my original SpaghettiOs
Found the largest (piece of) shark tooth I ever have today.
My grandma remembers when sliced bread was invented. (She was born in 1924.)
Someone Turned Computer Lab into an Uter Lab
Pizza box has reheat instructions
My piece of jerky I picked up is shaped like a horse's head
I freed a smol paper from a fortune cookie
The pattern on my shoes looks like the Star of David in some places.
Rain drops evaporating from the light's heat
Rain drops evaporating from the light's heat
These Spanish frosted flakes at a local Walmart
This McDonald’s in Sedona, Arizona is one of the only McDonald’s without Golden Arches. For this particular one, they said the golden color would clash with the aesthetic of the landscape and mandated it be changed to turquoise arches.
My best friend’s polydactyl kitten, Hemingway.
This McDonald’s in Sedona, Arizona is the only McDonald’s without Golden Arches because they said the golden color would clash with the aesthetic of the landscape.
The inside of a dragon fruit
This sushi has a little bit of gold flakes on it
Half of a dollar
This thing has a damn butthole
10oz glass Pepsi bottle from 1967 found while excavating in down town Houston
The bottom of this restaurant take-out bag has suggestions on how to put your food in the bag.
Scuff marks at work
This rather unusual and beautiful spider in my garden
Nancy Pelosi Ripping Up the State of the Union Speech
The eggs I made for breakfast came out to look like a heart
I cut into this tomato just now, and all it’s seeds have internally sprouted. So weird.
I bought this box of tictacs solely because they were almost perfectly aligned, and they even made the trip home in my pocket like this
This oddly long twist-tie.
Heart shaped puddle of water in my recently deceased father's parking lot
The way this blood isn’t flowing over the edge.
My chicken tender looks like a fish.
Girl Scout Samoas cookie with no hole
Took a photo of a nerve cell today in biology
found chungus in my grandma's house
Real estate ad didn’t say anything about a built in towel warmer. Cool!
The way this card box opens :0
Saw an albino squirrel today
There is a penny in my nickel.
This bench with snowboards as the seat and skis as the feet
I probably have spare earbud tips that fits everyone with ears.
This heart I found on my Apple
This is cute :)
This book that my piano teacher turned into a treble clef
A book that I found in a second hand store came with someone’s “new” pager number.
Smiley Face in Chili
Going to a rave and meeting Bootylicious women
A wave of snow by a dumpster
Spooky hotel in Nevada has claw marks on the furniture and eerie vibe. Topped it off when entering the bathroom and seeing an old graveyard picture on the wall.
In the bathroom of a small town diner I found a picture of a picture above a toilet, above a toilet.
I got the same Snapple fun fact two times in a row!
This Squash-family plant growing out of a palm tree
Confusing restroom signs
How Common are Twins?
You can’t put the number 69 on your custom license plate in California
Carl is one interesting hedgehog pass him on
This aquarium's logo is mildly suggestive of hybridization...
This gator missing an entire hand
Stolen from iFunny...
This apple I found at school
Quack! This neutrophil looks like a duck silhouette.
The perfect line in which the snow melted on my front lawn
I bit into a biscuit that was meant to be 60% chocolate but it turned out to be 100%
Old US $20 Gold Note from 1928
This jug handle that hasn't been punched out.
Perfect snowfall
Systems programming professor warning about unsupported Operating systems while using windows 7, an unsupported operating system
Everyone I get a palate of these bags I play giant Jenga while unloading them
This spoon stands upright when put into the sanitizing solution we use at work
This little spider on my friends finger
My fortune had an ad on the back
This village in Siem Reap, Cambodia that is constantly floating. Includes small like motels , restaurants, and bars!
Seattle Washington State Ferry, Country Dance Flash Mob Girls
This 75 year old valve from a power plant
The way this red box is blue.
Totem Pole or Gummybear Centipede?
The KFC Twitter only followers Herbs and Spices
The way ice formed on the wheels of my work truck here in CO today
This freebie bag from the 2016 RSA Conference that Marshall’s is trying to sell for $50
This head of broccoli my dad grew at the local community garden!
My Tic Tacs matched my Post-it
My Tic Tacs matches my Post-It.
Customer asked for us to write a joke on the pizza box. The joke I had in mind was too long to write down, so I just wrote them the link to the joke instead!
I’ve put on weight while my fiancé has been deployed...I’m nervous for when he comes back home
A mushroom I found that looks like Squidward
This decades-late library book about drugs I never turned in for some reason.
This handcrafted chess set I found on the curb
Frank's "small" bags are bigger than the "regular" ones.
This handcrafted chess set I found on the curb
This handcrafted chess set I found on the curb
This ranch dressing stocking
A Keurig toy, to imitate (21st-century) Mom + Dad
My 4th grade daughter has homework that involves QR codes.
My red pepper had a little green pepper inside it
The dates look like a weird computer language
Passed by the Oscars red carpet before it became glamorous.
One of these men is a notorious serial killer.
All in one tree; glowing base of arranging leaves by Andy Goldsworthy
Drive Thru Terrarium
Old US $20 bills from 1928 were once redeemable in Gold Coin
Owen Wilson with short hair
The light from this lamp in my room looks like the outline of a person holding papers
Scrolling on mobile and had the same post b2b from two different subreddits. This happened to anyone else before?
Adidas has a yoga shoes section with nothing in it
My family annual Christmas tradition of a 36 pallet bonfire
Google lists Bradley Cooper as the Joker
This link of starburst I found
Google lists Bradley Cooper as the Joker
How years of footsteps have worn these granite steps
Papillae On a Cats Tongue
little suprise underneath my kombucha label :)
The size of New Zealand compared to Europe
The size of New Zealand compared to Europe
this is a onewheel pint. more info in comments
I cracked an egg but the shell fell but the rest was intact; it's not a boiled egg
My daughter's 6ft corn snake likes to climb trees on her pottie "walks"
This is what standing at the world’s highest observation deck looks like. (Shanghai Tower)
My gf’s car hit a milestone today. Nice.
My package came with uncut book pages as packing paper!
This tree's roots that completely filled the original planting box
So happy to catch that I had 11,111 miles on my car! Right after palindrome day too.
My highlighter has built in page markers.
Balloonman made these at the restaurant tonight
The burn marks on my french fry look like a smiley face.
Strategic Plant Placement
The two eggs I had for breakfast today were both multi-yolk
Buddy sent me a snatchap
These two posts right next to each other in my feed
Another pepper was growing in the pepper I was cutting up
My bell pepper has testicles
Hawk and squirrel looking at one another while the hawk eats a bird on my picnic table. Fake owl is useless.
This bag, along with all the others in it’s row, are printed wrong.
I have 1000 years to eat these PopTart bites before they go bad
The first 39 presidents in brush-and-ink style (at a friend’s house)
My friend mixing tea
The steam from a nearby plant making a giant cloud on a very cold day
What are the odds?
If Goofy were an orchid.
My nail polish that chipped (almost) perfectly in half.
The way the steps didn’t end straight.
Bottom of an In-N-Out cup
The lightning strike somehow end up matching
These cards I found at my grandparent's house that you can’t see without holding it up to a light source.
This sign shop doesn't have a sign.
Our oven clock shows midnight as 24:00
This K'nex ferris wheel at my PLTW classroom
This fruit loop is stuffed with another fruit loop
This sauce dish in the Wegmans sushi lid
This card offering to buy a 5 star review on Amazon that came with my vacuum
This block of cream cheese has recipes in it
how my blonde fantail’s feather color splits almost perfectly with the midrib
My beer has a tree in it
A Green Pepper with an Identity Crisis
This cat I saw while I was being picked up has polydactyl
The way this ice/snow melted then refroze on our patio table.
Recipes for stuff inside cream chees
These little plants growing on my car
One of a couple doodles on desks in my Precalculus class.
The atm limits in a Leicester Square casino
My dad gave me his old blazer and its made in west germany
I broke a million score in 2048
Found this the other day on an elevator I use frequently.
My grandpa’s ‘shot’ glass he got for his birthday in January
The map of this railway station is designed to look like a train
There’s a peppermint stick holder for my hot chocolate
The formatting gave this r/nosleep post an accompanying visual.
Two sealed straws
Around this time last year this building was a 7-eleven, now it is being reborn as Eleven Convenience Store.
This one liter can of beer at the local bootleg-supermarket.
The way our snowman's face has melted
Interesting shapes made by these sticks in a lake
Tiny bananas.
Left some Pringles cans on the porch in the sun and they lost their original colors
The difference between the shape of this fields in france and german
This mark on my fingernail that looks like a happy face
My university is giving out Xbox 360 Keychains with game fuel purchases
This building on my campus is connected to a childcare centre so it has a railing for the lil ones
This mark on my fingernail that looks like a happy face
I left bandaids on my fingers for two days and now they’re wrinkly
I’ve won but at what cost
These tiny metal replicas (US) coins.
Found an old AIM chat I printed in 1997
Intricately decorated antique handgun
I Love This Kid
This crosswalk has a button for horsemen/women
This car is THICC!!!
When there's only one piece of something left my fiance and I pass the piece back and forth and take bites and see who can get the last bite. (I always win)
Give me dum dum
Here is my proudest agar! (Mixed E. coli, Serratia marcescens, some other stuff).
This crack in the alley outside of my office looks like Africa.
The way my cars air filter only half wore out.
This extremely thin match I found in a match box compared to a regular one
This locker with an outlet to charge your accessories
The snow here has melted everywhere but this piece of wood
For all those Santa Clarita Diet fans. This bench is outside my company's building
Found this randomly walking through my neighborhood
Ice build up on the lugs of my truck
The way my whitening mouthwash bleached the leather in my car after I spilled it
Beetle Bailey has a Smartphone now.
In-n-out agrees that Epstein didn’t kill himself
"Wound Man" is an illustration which laid out schematically the various wounds a person might suffer in battle
The way my hurl broke makes it look like a hockey stick
This temporary mural made of crumbled up paper balls in Richmond, Va
Two bananas one peel
My friend has a robotic arm that his brother made for him.
This Super Mario Themed Van Paint Job I Saw Today.
At my college there is a building that was added onto later and as a result the two sides of floors are offset slightly - so they replicated it in the elevator
This empty warheads candy wrapper
When my dog had surgery the stitches they used were green so now she has a little great scar
Boston MBTA map along the Blue Line clearly shows where people have been pointing
This triple goldfish my brother found
Not really sure where to post this but I found this optical illusion of my friend’s dog interesting.
This rip looks like an outline of a dude staring down
Ordered a sausage burrito; got a stamped burrito
Steam fresh string beans came with all of the insides gone.
Pulled out the whole stick of lead out of my pencil
Weinermobile and a couple of nuts visiting Austin today
My piano teacher gives out peppermints and this bag had 2 in it
I'm confused!!
Found in my front yard. I live in a wooded area NE U.S. A fox has been seen around the neighborhood.
For Bills Mailbox
The Democrats response to the national address is taking place in my highschool's cafeteria.
I have a cup and a glass of water in my room that looks like a camera filter. Ain't that refraction for ya?
This potato that looks like it was naturally cut down The middle
I took a picture just after lightning which made it look like it was day time, this was taken in the middle of the night
The way my korn album is reflecting through mu water
A car with wipers on its front headlights
Nikki Preeces finding each other
You can tell from my pulse when my final exam started
My office downtown has an old built in telephone booth (the light comes on when the door is shut)
Discovered my 4x Great Grandfather was Killed by a Grizzly Bear in Oregon (after shooting it twice and stabbing it in the belly)
Raccoon prints on this dumpster
Crampons for crutches
These Hawaiian print clothes on the wc indicators
My dog has a ridge down his back where the hair faces backwards.
My snot bubble
The white snow and clouds make it look like day time at 2am
Dicolas Cage, This sequin pillow
i made a playdoh rose today
A house in our neighborhood filled their trashcan with something that melted it. It hasn't been moved for several weeks now. Someone added an art installation placard to add some humor to it. [OC]
This Site That Shows You How Thick A Paper Is After Each Fold
This pink tile floor in the middle of a parking lot
Did you know eggs come in multiple different colors?
The way this ice formed on my SUV's wheel (Boulder, CO)
Some colored rain drops that appeared on my driveway this morning
My food cabinet right now.
This glove changes colour when it comes into contact with concentrated acid
This twin grape I found
This Site That Shows You How Thick A Paper Is After Each Fold.
Recruiting for a Volunteer Fire Department is a piece of cake!
Wrinkles in my shirt sleeve look like James Corden in Cats.
New violin rosin
These advertisements in a newspaper from 1888 (german)
The way the melted on my rear windshield
This ad for a bird feeder featuring a cat
This mini liquor bottle seems dangerously similar to an actual light bulb
Which way does the antena spin for you?
I got a sealed straw at chick fil a today
I added new soap to the dispenser and it turned ombre
Win 2 guns at this California high school’s Grad Night Raffle! Only $10!
A dead snake I found, frozen in this position
I found one really tiny match in my matchbox. On the right is a regular size match
My cup made a happy face of condensation :0c
the world if all ice melted
This handicap parking sign had a handicap of it's own.
This popsicle joke is on the wrong end of the stick
This deformed Life Saver gummy.
Parking garage hands out business cards so you don’t forget where you parked
I saw an otherwise healthy pigeon with no toes.
That time a bird knocked himself out by flying into my sliding glass door and I helped him up.
I found a really tiny banana
The accuracy of the throws of this strong lady
These markings left on a tree
My choco milks were made one after another
Art on the side of a train car.
I gave adult coloring books a try and here are the results
Local supermarket chain gives you a discount of BRL 0,03 for every 5 items if you bring your reusable shopping bag
Amazing Deal
The large setting on the office keurig clearly marked on my mug
Before and after
The way the light from the window is reflected by my sunglasses.
In Thailand, If you have the same last name, you must be related according to Thai law. There are no common Thai surnames. Surnames were largely introduced to Thai culture only by the 1913 Surname Act. The more you know.
I was finally able to get every drop of ink out of a pen without it being lost or taken
This seat in a Auditorium
Custom made Johnny Cash toolbox
The ‘frosted door’ for the downstairs toilet in my grans house
This fence in the middle of the road.
Orange faucet w/ flat sink at Airbnb lobby bathroom.
This unopened roll of toilet paper I found
The way this apoxy flooring looks like a beach.
The clasp on this jacket looks like a happy and sad face
What he done this time?
I found this thing to be most useful on my technical college
They have these portable chargers you can borrow at my university
Growing up in rural Indiana in the 50’s, indoor plumbing was a luxury. This was our bathtub that we filled with warm water heated on the stove. BTW we got dial telephones in 1969.
These urinals have a lid
My McDonalds cup has a slightly off-centered hole on the lid
My 3D printed space shuttle lamp, you guys might love it
This heart shaped chicken biscuit I had for breakfast
This emergency toilet paper box in a restaurant
I thought it was interesting that milk cartons with this expiration date are only made once every 4 years.
Had two eggs for breakfast both had an extra yolk inside
The surface of this egg carton has imprints of the swirls from milling the carton's thermoforming mold
This pen has a light that switches on when you click the top to write.
This old crotal bell I found with my metal detector
This bucket of grease/oil/coolant looks like a close up of Jupiter.
My local library giving away these bookmarks for free.
This water bottle with a Bluetooth speaker as a cap
They ain’t messing with no broke......
A cleverly named building/address
My parents have had this set of knifes for over 8 years, I only today noticed that the holes go all the way through.
Clone Trooper helmet set on dehumidifier looks proportionally accurate.
A section of Bob Ross's
A very large cloud I happened to see
This rollercoaster of a paragraph.
My birds kissed
Schiphol airport in Amsterdam has a clock with an animation of a man painting on the time.
Astronomical Ring, A 16th century ring that unfolds into an astronomical sphere
Mutant strawberry is hollow in the middle.
My truck has a compartment that hold a can can of sardines
This mildly unhappy guy in my lamp with a stick through his chest.
A yoda usb drive, my dad has
This Peephole allows a viewer to see in four different angles.
You can see where the current from my wireless charger flows on my phone case.
Batman wet floor sign
This statue in Venice
This plant growing out of a leaking pipe
found this fun list in a re-loved book
The seasoning on this sour cream and onion chip. The whole bag was like this.
These candle holders that are covered in the wax of previous candles
My brother's chickens lay bluish eggs. White one for comparison.
More right handed people than left handed people have used these door handles at my university so they’re at different stages of wear
apparently i sorted my plates by colour without realizing. call me fake, idc
Date a book at my local library.
I grew the word “phobia” (as in germaphobia) in bacteria on a Petri dish. The pictures are only a few days apart
This honeycrisp apple shaped like a red delicious
The first row of this ice-tray from my freeze makes much smaller ice cubes.
Google doesn't even know
Pikachu dabbing on a Grand Cherokee
The way this bucket split when my coworker accidentally dropped it.
Minecraft a 1.5 Billion $ company thinks "Windows" is "PC", PC MEANS PERSONAL COMPUTER!!!
This clothes dryer which stopped working has a graphical printout of temp over time from a repair shop it was presumably worked on at.
This lifesaver that looks like a toy earring.
Shakira appears to be wearing her Zootopia character outfit
A perfect banana beneath a repulsive exterior.
My glass bottle was dented
The blanket laying on my dog’s pillow looks like another dog
Got stitches removed recently. Needless to say, my hand is happy with the progress.
This very low license plate number
The way this ice formed overnight
I'm open to other suggestions
I don’t know what disturbs me more. This layout of the air directors or the one in the top right that is pointing the wrong way.
I might not know why the chicken crossed the road, but now I know where she does it
I might now know why the chicken crossed the road, but now I know where she does
Cracked my old screen protector and made a mountain range
Cracked my old screen protector and made a mountain range
Cracked my old screen protector and made a mountain range
"Nope, human still there filming me"
The famed triple apostrophe, used correctly three times in once sentence.
My cats double-tooth as his adult tooth grows in.
Poop stain on ceiling
Frozen drain ornament after a sudden freeze.
This mangrove has an old bottle trapped in its roots.
This table cost me $20. It’s hollowed out with cardboard support.
Falling sand in the Sahara
Falling sand in the Sahara
This wedge prevents ice from piling up
This elevator with up and down buttons on the inside
Steel surface cracking
It may look like a photo. But that’s Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020
This futuristic sink
This onion had an outer skin on the inside
This caution wet floor sign looks like a banana peel
Watercolors: Origins versus in Negatives
Let's be very clear what you should not do on this lift
Monday nights we bring Nerf guns to the bar.
The sun in Saskatoon today, can look right at it and everything.
The sun in Saskatoon today, can look right at it and everything.
The lemon I grew looks like a mango
There is a hand dryer in the stall of this public bathroom
A hailball hit my airplane window during an overnight storm.But since the plane was 10km high up, it didn't melt.
The amount of reposting is intresting. Specialy when it is the same video in a row in two different subredits by two different users.
Some old radio electronics magazines I found at my office.
This insult will not be forgotten, human.
Glass window that shatter 15 floors up in my apartment.
A round lemon
This puddle on the balcony across from my office looks like a bird.
This puddle on the balcony across from my office looks like a bird.
Stock Photo on Amazon for a Mattress Protector
There was a tiny cutie inside my cutie
My potato thinks he's a rubber duck
The towel at my hotel has a hook on it for when you hang it up to dry.
Welder signed their initials on the top of this parking structure
A big shiny wooden stag.
This Russian school teaching the cyrillic alphabets with tanks.
Ron Swanson - Pro Uber Driver
In a bathroom stall on campus
The first person to park at my office parked over a foot away from the stopping block...which caused everyone else to do the same.
This grocery store has a bar
The named cans in South Africa had phonetic spellings on the can
(L to R) I found an old Moto E I used a few years ago (~2015) &amp; compared it to the Google Pixel 2XL I use every day &amp; the Kindle Paperwhite I got on Black Friday last year. Curious to see how small my phone used to be.
I got a notification for my own post
The salt shaker is in the fridge
This hair from my cat changes colour in the middle
Rainy winter. Where is our snow?
Can anyone beat this today?
This persons name
This pancake kinda looks like a witch
This giant mini wheat
This giant mini wheat
My captcha security code was almost a perfect sequence.
just found this under a bunch of old material at work (shop)
Thanos glue at my school.
This lid on my sisters coffee table
A tree growing through a rotten wood pillar
My dads little metal detecting museum
The drop of water that spilled on my paper looks like Africa
The sunlight coming through my window hits the wall in JUST the right way to create a baby wingless dragon (dinosaur?) with a really long tail and tiny horns.
This could be True...
A rainbow of light diffracts through hummingbird's wings
A rainbow of light diffracts through hummingbird's wings
The map of this railway station is made to look like a train
It was 78 2 days ago, and with no storms rolling it it is 48 today.
This portrait HK$100 bill
An abnormally long candy worm
Just a house on the loose in North Co Dublin
Mushroom shaped popcorn
This island in the netherlands. Almost a km in diameter!
Rainbow sun only shows up on rainy days
The ice that grew on the back of my lid
I opened up a drawer in one of the side tables in a waiting room of my local hospital and found these 30 year old cassette tapes.
These grapes I bought
Gender selection in other species is interesting
The way this wine glass snapped while I was drying it
This man was such a gentle soul, but still didn't put up with nonsense. We should all aspire to act similar, imo. Credit to cracked.com of all places.
The bubbles in this bubble wrap connect to each other, so if you squeeze one it puffs the air into the others... Meaning it can't be popped.
A bird flew into the window and left a perfect outline
This Latam Boeing 787 Star Wars paint job at JFK Int’l.
My friends house gets packages so frequently they have a counter to see how many days it can get up to without getting one.
Weird Al's head stabilized while photobombing Gwen Stefani
Found this a while back in universal studios in Orlando
Rock, paper, scissors.....tree trunk?
This ice at my apartment complex that looks like Greenland
This dried espresso at the bottom of a mug
from where i live you almost every day you can see the moon even at day time
The break room board today
My work installed personal air fresheners in the bathroom stalls. Works really good!
This sign is so old it turned grey
I’ve worked here for 3 years and had no idea there was water or that boats could get through.
This green screen background.
This sharknadeaux poker chip I got at a Mardi gras parade in New Orleans, Louisiana.
She sneezed during a panoramic selfie photo.
This splash of water in the sink looks like a key.
This splash of water in the sink looks like a key.
This fork at my job
This has a French creole translation
Independent Fact-Checkers on Instagram combatting fake information!
Advertisement in Oslo, Norway with instructions for how to fold a plastic bag
Invisible advertisement.
This photo I‘ve taken in the Antelope Canyon looks like a chain of mountains on the horizon
A sunrise rainbow
This record was bought 43 years ago today
Box of bananas comes with cute cartoon care instructions on top
Almost perfect paper airplane
A group of apes in Skukuza stole a lion baby and now they‘re treating it like their own child!
One day at a time. One day at a time.
My parents always buy blood oranges and it always makes me think that it is an apple.
The way my hospital is advertising flu vaccines - Wales, UK
This spider pattern on my walnut...
A rat enjoying a milkshake in the backyard of my local burger joint
The Switch controller glows incredibly bright under blue light
One of my cat's paw pads has a different colour due to his fur
My father looks like Socrates
Found this tiny alleyway in Stockholm’s old town.
Salmon blood dehydrated with NaCl under a microscope - looks like the moon
Papaya turned icy in the fridge even though it wasn't in the freezer section (fridge was at 7°)
Comic specialist. I momentarily forgot Dutch existed
My works van has an escape button incase you are trapped in the back.
This russian school teaching the alphabet.
My battery matches up with my Minutes kn the clock
This rubber is inside the pencil case
These water droplets on my cat's tail after drinking from the tap.
An interesting title for r/notinteresting
This pigeon I saw today had no toes but was walking and pigeoning as it should.
Gordon Ramsey has the ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ emoji on his chin
The shadow of my bookmark protected this small area from the sun, I stopped reading at this part for months.
The shape of this egg is strange
The Only Anti Aging Skin Care Solution For Men
My view every morning. Covilhã, Portugal.
Look at how my coconut oil set/melted
So many ice fishermen behind my house. I had no idea we were the ice fishing hot spot in Wisconsin when we bought our property.
This "Ario" plastic chair i found at my wife's grandparents.
Our old water tower was turned into a climbing tower for kids
This see through Kettle where you can see the water boiling
This see through Kettle where you can see the water boiling
Ancient Relic
i had these taco bell hot sauce packets in my drawer for so long that the the white on the package started to come off
These pieces of paper I found in the Hiroshima Peace Museum with the letters burnt out
All 4 planes flying over upstate NY are private jets carrying presidential candidates from Iowa to New Hampshire.
A cloud next to the sun that looks like a building on fire!
This cleaning bottle I saw in a restaurant shows you the dilution proportions on the side.
My cup with a light shining through it
All 4 of the planes flying over upstate NY right now are private planes carrying presidential candidates flying from Iowa to New Hampshire.
We make almost perfect color hue.
I'm going to frame it.
This Synthesizer cake my brother made
This picture of my cat stretching which makes it look like I'm standing on her leg
This picture of my cat stretching which makes it look like I'm standing on her leg
I don't have a red light in my room, but the beam of light in the hallway coming in the crack between my room and the doorframe splits into blue and red. Only one light in the center of the room, but it's full spectrum.
My dentist's business card is dental floss
My suction packed embroidery thread looks like a modern art piece
My suction packed embroidery thread looks like a modern art piece
My suction packed embroidery thread looks like a modern art piece
My suction packed embroidery thread looks like a modern art piece
My suction packed embroidery thread looks like a modern art piece
My suction packed embroidery thread looks like a modern art piece
Waffle iron bought used at a garage sale in 1958 for 25 cents. Still works.
The barcode and thank you message on this toothpaste packaging
The size of this cat's psw compared to my index finger
Perfectly imbalanced while descending clockwise!
Before and after trying to suck a Mike and Ike
This partially filled and malleable beer can
Intel's Forum Preview Crashed
The piece on my snack mix
The trucks look like they are conjoined
Caddis building golden cases
Flies painted inside urinals to increase aiming.
Now I am scared . . .
Neat a Chevrolet amazon delivery car near Bay Area, CA
My chicken tender that kind of looks like a chicken leg
I found a guy in front of my school that looks like Sonic from afar
666 total recovered from the corona virus.
USPS broke something but they apologized
I got an apple in my all berries fruit snacks
I need this shirt
This trees bark looks like Abstract art
There was a sugar coated Swedish fish in my Sour Patch Kids bag.
The storm painted waves of snow on my door
My cat has alternating colors on his left and right paws
A pepper growing inside a pepper.
Shakira wore the same outfit she wore in Zootopia
This mini soda keychain that can be opened and has wet tissue inside of it.
tree grew around this penny
This sheet of ice that broke up along the edge of Lake Superior
Found this fly on my floor with no wings.
My brother charges his Juul on his keyboard
Two consecutive double yolk eggs from the same carton
The way my butter melted in the pot
My bunny’s ears in the sunlight
My friend found a whole horse hoof at the farm she was cleaning.
That time when WDW celebrated the 25th anniversary. Next year is 50 years.
I found a hairless Sour Patch Kid in my Swedish Fish
Same member, 2 subreddits
I Drank This FULL Water Bottle In 1 Seconds
Portable toilet seat
A chip I found that kinda looks like a heart
I used 100% of the ink in this pen
Grocery store artwork’s reference to Ferris Bueller
My office has a calorie count in steps.
I inadvertently created a water feature in my kitchen sink.
What ten years of ice looks like
My brother took a photo of me at my office from his office
My brother took a photo of me in my office from his office
These three one dollar bills I got from a vending machine were minted in a row.
This dollar I found has a pretty cool serial number
Condensation built up on the inside of this bottle, except where I wrote on the outside.
My red bell pepper had another bell pepper inside it
The natural ‘scoring’ on this shiitake I bought today is geometric &amp; beautiful!
This is a sewing box
The restaurant I went to has lights on the restroom floor that turn red when occupied
Someone donated their dogs urn (ashes included)
Boredom is the driving force behind creativity
Boredom is the driving force behind creativity
My Buttnut squash was sprouting inside
this ice popping out of the ground
This bill is printed off center.
This vintage Mickey Mouse watch my great-grandmother gave me (it still works!)
The TV in this hotel bathroom is inside the mirror
How much larger the xbox 360 Keep case is compared to the ps4s keep case, but same disk size?
My friend moved to Santa Monica in 2012, and this is his favorite Japanese Restaurant.
This light bulb packaging has the lighting equivalent of a Nutrition Facts box
He's definitely ours.
This is a ball left in my yard from before my beloved best friend passed away, it is now growing moss
The Cost of Desktop Computers Early on Was Insane.
Cockroach’s lives matter
found these 2 pennies in a secret pump filter in our washing machine. (and everything else too except for the penny for scale)
My bathroom still has the original exhaust fan from the 1960s.
ice emerging from frozen ground
Marble collection from the 1800s. All made from polished semi-precious stones.
A pair of handcuffs and locks on a fence
Fortune that I got from a cookie :(
Because I can’t have a pet I decided to make a box my pet. Here I present Sunny! My box-pet.
Because I can’t have a pet I decided to make a box my pet. Here I present Sunny! My box-pet.
12oz of mercury versus 12oz of beer
This dime has a dent in it
I'd rather be Walking... Against Want.
Nazi dagger taken from deceased soldier in combat.
Mildly interesting slogan.
The way the sun bleached my ds case
I took a selfie and it looks like I have two different colored eyes.
This potato chip has a little face growing in it.
Nazi dagger retrieved from deceased soldier in combat.
Iowa blizzard 1978
My University uses this contraption to provide drainage for leaks in the parking garage. Though only a 'band-aid', never seen this before.
Be the yellow carrot in a bag of orange carrots.
When You Post a Pic of Your College House From 28 Years Ago and Then the Current Resident Posts a Replica - I ❤️ Reddit
A calculator. Gamer's Edition
I made this icyhot challenge with my friends
Interest in the movie Contagion has peaked recently following the prevalence of the Corona-virus
This cat on a kid's meal book that has it's south regions censored (bar is on packaging not book)
A half pie at my local grocery store
The teeniest doll inside of my wooden nesting doll set
This fortune cookie I got had the fortune on the outside
My new jeans came with a fortune
My new jeans came with a fortune
Someone graffitied the ivy outside of my school
Childhood Stuffed Animal Old vs New
The bottom 20% of this candle doesn’t have a wick to light
This hallway has two cameras
Ummmm ok
My Slim Jim came with two in the same wrapper.
My high school bathroom actually went uphill.
Local library made this snowman out of books
This toilet paper has no toilet paper roll
This one roll of TP at my office has no perforations for tearing
This piece of chicken looks like the millennium falcon
i made a sticker of this brave astronaut
This block of tungsten weighs 26 pounds, and is denser than lead
My Marilyn Monroe switchblade. (Kershaw knives, custom by PVK Vegas).
Ronald in Thailand. Namaste
Found this unopened “AAA Travel Guide” while helping my grandparents spring clean. Any one know how it was suppose to work?
The logo of the plumbing company on the van in front of me in traffic
Some cool ice formations I found on a hike today
Does this mean they never expire?
The way the ice sits on the grass.
Our plane being de-iced before take off.
This hidden tree web in my local nature trail
Did a plane cut the clouds? Superman? Perhaps Mothra?
My Veterinarian has a concord dog to assist sick pets.
This ring around the moon tonight.
My son's dumpling at the Super Bowl party looked like Yoda
My fruit snacks were all one color
This map of NSW(Australia)
This is what sprite tastes like
Water spilled in shape of an arrow
This news reader’s neckline
Chris Hemsworth with his stunt double
They are a combined 93 years old
This onion ring looks kinda like a football
These nutrition facts list an extra 10 calories if you eat both cookies in the pack
The way the clouds look in the moonlight
These nutrition facts list an extra 10 calories if you eat both cookies in the pack
This waffle quadrant looks like a B2 stealth bomber
This Hot Wheels paint job
My shattered glass looks like an upvote
The Devil’s bridge in Bulgaria. It’s called like that because if you turn an image of the bridge and it’s reflection 90’ sideways you can actually see the Devil’s face
These mixing bowls I got off Amazon have a Big Lebowski themed packaging even though they have nothing to do with the movie.
It's a simple little drain ornament, but it always cheers me up a.bit on cold days like today.
the house across from me
My Kit Kat didn't come with a wafer
This ad I found for Diet Coke pressure washed into this old Memphis Street
I Heart Potato
I Heart Potato
Improvised face protection Guangzhou airport, China
I was reading about a cannabis company named Cookies opening and they asked me to accept their cookies
A restaurant near my workplace serves a sugar water solution instead of sugar packets to sweeten tea.
This school tape from 1974 still works.
Outside my house there was a ring around the moon
My pepper has a baby pepper growing inside
This barcode label
This ‘historical artifact’ on display at Howe Caverns in NY.
so my Lil bro accidentally dropped a dime into an electrical socket and my mom fetched it and then this is the pic my mom sent me.
Shakiras outfit from the Super Bowl halftime show is nearly identical to the one her character wore in Zootopia.
This driver.
My Keebler peanut butter and cheese crackers came with only 5 crackers.
Made a post about this before, no one seemed to see it, I marked it out this time.
this accidental rainbow on this paintbrush?
Welcome to Fhloston Paradise
This green grape growing on the stem of red grapes [OC]
Harrods, the department store in London sells, six figure art and isn't afraid to just put the price tag right there for you
My orange had a little orange pod in itself
How this piece of German chocolate cake stuck to the tupperware lid.
This bar is named Gold Diggers
Buckeye recipe
Tiny Travel Tic Tac container
This conjoined pizza roll
Fitted Sheets No Longer (as much) of a Pain; Different Colors For Head and Foot Ends
A cut out in low hanging ceiling for fan blades
The same tweet being used for these two memes back to back
This dry patch that looks like a woman
my friend's nail polish chipped in the shape of an elephant
Saw these black widow egg sacks by the laundry room
This guys motorcycle HELMET
The ends on this Pokémon card
The animals didnt have there details pressed in
I just found an unopened letter from 1947
I just noticed there's a smaller secret picture of Andrew Jackson if you shine a light through the right side of a $20 bill. Pretty neat.
My coffee grounds look like a lake in the woods today
This scrap strip of wood I cut so thin it’s like paper
This huge avocado (bananas for scale)
Found an animal cookie with a pretty interesting shape. Kinda sexual though
This sink with a drying faucet
Separated orange juice from the local market
The iced tea is still in the bottle upside down with no cap on it
This light tells you when your hand is dry
My nosebleed last night made a perfect exclamation point on my pillow.
The sand erosion around this rock looks like a planet's rings.
My friends old high school, in the town over from mine, was featured in the super bowl!
I have paper towels that can split into 2 squares (this is 2 paper towels with 1/2 of a paper towel sepparated)
Neighborhood Feud Update: we've reached February
Boxed Water has expired
Groundhog day of the Groundhog Day on TV in Serbia
My socks are marked for a specific foot.
My work got shipped a box with a bunch of random numbers on it
My perfectly timed doctor's note from yesterday.
What do you think this is a picture of? I'll tell you after a few guesses are made
What cut the clouds? A plane? Superman? Mothers perhaps?
My office has motivational calorie counters on the stairs
The way the backing paper of my nasal strips fell, makes them look like castle parapets.
This calculator on r/gaming
One of these things is not like the other...
This promotional can of Duff beer including the stylised font of The Simpsons
This speed limit sign spotted in Tennessee
This can of Duff beer including the stylised font from the show.
Heart Shaped Potato Chip
These cars waiting at a red light.
Heart Shaped Potato Chip
This popcorn piece I found looks like a heart.
A white henbit plant I found, compared to a regular, purple henbit
This CNN anchors pupils 0_0
This popcorn piece I found in my popcorn looks like a heart.
This popcorn piece I found in my popcorn looks like a heart.
This clementine shaped like a lemon
This popcorn piece I found in my popcorn looks like a heart.
This popcorn piece I found in my popcorn.
This popcorn peice I found in my popcorn.
My Dads collection of Fire Patches from around the world.
My mouse’s x-rays revealed severe scoliosis
Light coming under the bed makes me look like I have a terrible sock tan.
Not extra stuff, the most stuff.
Bathroom door mirror stained the carpet with a green tint over the years
This Pub in Oxford, England has had some interesting customers.
Illustration at dentist’s office
This CNN anchors pupils 0_0
the inside of an escalator
This triple peanut butter cracker.
The boards on a part of a wall in one of my college buildings say what wood they’re made of
This latrine that shows which stalls are or are not in use
Check engine light finally gave up. My car feels like it runs better for some reason.
Soot/dirt doesn’t stick to my scar for some reason
All of the viewers liked the video
There is a solution to every problem: simple, quick, and wrong.
With the help of lighting and my double jointed thumb, I can make my hand look super deformed
My son's ball looks like the Pepsi logo
Shakira's superbowl outfit was the same as her character in Zootopia
This speed limit sign in my girlfriends neighborhood not only doesn’t end in 0 or 5, but also a half!
This bottled water from an Air Canada Flight has its mineral contents by PPM
This Japanese toilet that doubles as a sink
This log looks like wooden underwear
239HZ instead of saying 240hz. why.
My town just put in some bike parking stations by the library
This orange with a spine.
It's a Toyoda focus with a Toyoda logo over a Ford logo who are they trying to fool
The bathroom of a coffee shop I frequent has a peephole in the wall. I pressed the button and looked through to see the little scene on the right.
These bedsheets are pill resistant
I was born with mole earring
The perfect dog lick
An airplane's trail casts a shadow on the higher clouds when the sun sets.
This mustard that got double labeled
The tiles in my bathroom are arranged in a way where it looks like the face of a witch.
My sister still has flappy bird downloaded
The copyright information page in a book I got for Christmas is... unconventional.
Random painted square in the floor of the house I’m moving into.
These clouds
Splashdown - funky shape a drop of water from my work cup made on my keyboard.
My onion ring shaped like infinity
Speaking of Petri dishes, this bacteria was grown from boob sweat.
Point an AK47 bullet leaves the barrell
A Friend lives near a metal worker, this are his shavings. Looks like a Tool Album-Cover.
This Mike Wazowski-looking tree
Just moved into a new house. It’s on Redditt Rd.
Carved Ox Skull
This multi-colored lemon flavored warhead
Meanwhile, right off of Hollywood Blvd, a man walks his GOAT!?!
Selfie I took in my husband’s eye a few years ago.
Found an ice dick in the freezer at work
This split Lipton™ teabag
This tiny pumpkin candy corn
This split Lipton™ teabag
This temporary tag that expires on leap day.
This split Lipton™ teabag
This abnormally small sweet
What he done this time?
The historical cobblestones are peaking through the modern tarmac on this road
A small tangerine in a tangerine
This long baby carrot
The new underwear pack comes in a resealable bag
The house from the 1974 film The Texas Chainsaw massacre
These weird clouds my wife saw today
This brochure I got from Swarthmore College today
This buffet I went to had a jar of wrapped Jolly Ranchers in the dessert section.
I approve this message.
I rearranged some gum
My birds chillin
A large sized strawberry bought at the grocery store
This church is trying to decide on toilet paper
This maze that can’t be completed
In this store I went to they labeled this as 349 ¢ instead of 3.49$
This building smiling whilst dead inside
My plant has multiple sets of leaves growing from the same node.
In this store I went to they labeled this as 349 cents instead of 3.49 dollars
My maths professor looks like Spock from Star Trek.
This dude achieved the impossible
My Maths professor looks like Spock from Star Wars
Saw the post about the two freckles looking like an eyebrow piercing... here’s my mole earring
I bought some yu choy for the first time. I opened up a bunch and found a teeny bouquet.
This “coming soon” label on my dish soap.
Two mirrors cut off my foot
My cats tongue
This house has 2 garages within their garage
Apple that resembles a pie chart. [OC]
This popcorn that looks like a cat
People that use the "community spoon" for coffee at work.
Makes Monday Interesting?
My bread came with a "Rye Tick".
An old Tabasco bottle
There is no best before date on my packet of wraps.
Weird speed limit in Durham
The matching curtains and light fixture at my hotel
The way the snow stuck on our pavers.
Tomato duck found in the wild
This dollar my husband got with writing all over it
This dollar my husband got with writing all over it
If baby yoda was old
NEVER FEAR, FOR NUGGET MAN IS HERE!
The way the dirt eroded around this rock.
My egg i had for lunch cuz i was sad and it looks like it came from hell to make me feel better
This soap smudge on my shower door looks like a snail mermaid with butterfly wings.
This money box that is made to resemble a vintage radio with a working clock
Upvote from my Fruit Loops
My truck has recently started spamming me with advertisements when I start it up.
The snowdrift on my friend's car this morning
This electrical worker’s setup in my college’s study area
This picture of my cars clock with all 0 and 2s
This “waffle” fry I got from Chick-Fil-A
A spring reverb tank, incase you didnt know what it looked like
Backwards Oreo
My cat on the scanner
Bus drifting as part of a winter conditions test
Battery recycling bins shaped like batteries at my university
This warning on a lead brick.
These erasers are greasy
Carl Sagan Stardust Cocktail. It'll make your dookie sparkle.
A Stingray and her Pups sunning themselves... quite a peaceful site
Pediastrum from hay broth during Microbiology lab
Got my kiddo a crystal growing kit, this is about 4 mins since dropping them into the solution (note that the directions say it takes 6 hours to grow, so was just not expecting them to have any visible growth after literally less than 5 mins!)
This keyring holder.
Modern problems require modern solutions
My teacher’s sample of Obamium
This rock I found in a creek that has an almost perfectly round hole straight through its center.
These clouds yesterday in Concord CA
Amount of bacteria on AirPods
This slice of cheese
My house which really does show it's age. (Built in 1903)
These rocks I found in my field
This notebook with an unperforated cover
This apple, I think
The weird ridges on this chicken egg
Man in background has Reddit downvote birthmark
This tiny avocado I found at the store today
Was walkin and this happend in my pocket
The progression of my printer running out of ink.
A yellow rice crispy
Our bathroom door looks like the doors in cartoons
Strange cloud I saw on Friday.
The snow lined up on my garage door before I opened it
Emergency Donut Vehicle
Stack of Shuffled Post-It Notes
Racist? Bad metaphor at best?
A Chocolate labrador with dwafism. This is the best photo I could get (and it was a hell of a job to get them like this) - She's about 2/3rds the size of the one behind.
Icy little spikes on my tires this morning.
Bowling ball broke
This well-done Mystery Machine
One Hundred Trillion Dollars
SO helped me realize that my socks match my wallet
SO helped me realize that my socks match my wallet
SO helped me realize that my socks match my wallet
The way the light reflects off the house plant makes it look like there is a screaming man on the left wall.
These French mints have been made since 1591
One end of my straw was still sealed shut
This bar keeps a bottle of cleaner on display with the rest of the alcohol
Check out the check number, in 10 years I've never had this happen to me.
These French mints have been made some 1591
Two sausage egg McMuffins costs less than one
Two sausage egg McMuffins costs less than one
This XL McDonalds chicken nugget I got for lunch today.
This face on my mother’s made pancake
Every year on my uncles birthday ...
the dirt stains on this car looks like clouds
I bought a pack of screws which had one smooth screw in it
Wet paper formed a rubber ducky on a rainy day
This oak leaf that melted through the snow
Patriotic Shotgun Shells I bought a While Back for Shooting Clays
This ice cube(?) shaped like a top hat
Water for the perfect reddit price
Meme i found on fb
This soap uses ground walnut shell casings instead of microplastics as an abrasive
The orange tree made a very small orange, he is done growin but he is small
The ice melting from the Bull statue is Rakvere Estonia makes it look like it is ejaculating semen
Paint chip in a plane seat that looks like Austria
New hospital in Wuhan being built in 10 days
The way the sunlight hit my cup this morning
This fruit smoothie that separated overnight at work
The shadows of elephants from Google maps
The attempt to make this fire exit info a little more eye catching.
These gravity wave clouds this morning
My friend did an attempt to draw me.
This straight banana
This photo of blue water is not edited in any way.
I believe Ive found a glitch in the Reddit Matrix
Over more than two centuries, one of the pots on this gravestone has remained watertight, while the other hasn’t
Yellow stop sign outside of my college in Texas.
The lobster price. A little happy. A little sad.
This wonderfully crushed Fresca can
I had to do a double take at the back of my crisps.
How the ice froze around the nubs on my newer tires.
My mushrooms grew into each other.
I bought CBD treats for myself and my pup and inside the box was a giant shipping label with her name on it
One time Sky Movies Comedy showed Groundhog Day 13 times in the same day.
My Dad’s old 45lb plate has the “D” printed backwards. The matching plate does not.
My gas pump this morning.
This old radio has the police frequencies labeled
This handler looks like an elephant
This handily looks like an elephant
I've been doing restaurant work the last 10 years, this is the first time I've ever had this happen to me.
Took a pic with flash on and recreated the Nike tick
I can’t believe I thought $15 was a good price for 3 prints. (1998)
The ombré on these leaves
Kid in my wood shop class folded a quarter in a clamp
Chip with a smiley face from ikea
Found and bought this pocket knife that has a garden shovel feature
Two dorito bags merged together I found while traveling.
This big ass sweet potato I saw at work
This dark mode notebook
This Neumann microphone has an image on it that looks like Dave Thomas.
Preserved Spa bath house. Buxton, England.
Sunlight turning all the red elements of this poster yellow.
The water washed all the dirt around the rocks away
E. Coli that my co-worker grew in a petri dish.
Puzzles companies reuse stencils
The way the snow and ice on the roof froze
China builds new hospital consisting 1000 beds in 10 days to fight with coronavirus
My local grocery store has “combo loco” deals where you buy one thing and get something slightly unrelated for free. I wouldn’t say these are completely unrelated. But it’s nice to know my super market has my back on Valentine’s Day.
This worn out mark on my bench looks like a tiny visitor.
I burned my tortilla 8 years ago... do you see something?
Corona bottled corona virus model
Most of the fruits on Maoam wrappers look like they are having sex
The bubbles on my orange juice look like a jaguar getting impaled by the straw
Street view is now the only place I can get puppy photos of my dog
This black toilet.
Girlfriend doesn’t want to be recorded anymore
This tiny orange my friend gave me this morning!
A copy of hunger games catching fire is French on the side.
Burnt about 627.9 worth of chicken drumsticks in calories.
I found an extra thick cheez-it
They used toner to make the black model's hand darker (you can it in the creases)
This Reese's got wrapped upside down.
when Samsung's charger design makes sense vs. Apple's bloc
This Herbie I keep seeing around
The way this flower grew
This round potato chip my brother found
I found a lemon skittle in my bag of wild berry skittles
Condensate on the underside of my coffee lid
NXM bricks made in India
NXM bricks made in India
Snow flowers are forming on the ice of our pool
Only red and blue in this roll
The real chairman.
My wife's Superbowl squares winnings were the perfect size shim to keep the pet carrier door from rattling. She said she felt like a real high roller.
A piece of bacon that looks like a heart
Bacon Heart
Headed into O'Hare last summer
Clouds that look like coke lines.
This hotel elevator that apparently moves at an angle.
North Korean snakewine
These mosquito bites I got look like a sperm travelling to the egg
Am I walking upstairs or downstairs?
This pillow I just bought is 30.
The morning shadows of my front door
Landing in Chicago O' Hare airport, looked out the window and saw a pond shaped like a dragon breathing fire
The inside of an acid waste line in a hospital. Purple dye from chemicals used in the lab. The piping is made of glass.
The continents carved on this light pole
Me rn
Pumpkin leftover..
This glass
The major junior ice hockey team "The Tri-City Americans" based out of Kennewick, Washington has exactly 2 Americans, precisely qualifying for their name.
Banana spotted in a field
These rotten apples refusing to let go.
neglected potatoes
This oddly straight banana
This d6 belonging to a friend has no 2
Found this English 5p today . It's so old its gone from silver to bronze.
This one seed tried to escape the melon
This broken sunset yesterday
Simpsons at it again
I spilled water on my desk and a perfect circle formed.
This staircase built infront of this door. The door still swings open.
This staircase built in front of this door. The door still swings open.
This staircase built in front of this door. The door still swings open.
These crystals look like a couple of cold beers
Woke up this morning to my car gaining a 6-pack overnight and putting me to shame.
Dubbed the "big booty judy" chair at work. We can't decide if it's for someone will luscious lumps or ergonomically designed.
(Resubmitting) I found an onion in my onion when I was cooking.
Hong Kong shopping malls have separate rubbish bin for face masks (as preventive measures against coronavirus from China)
the shadow from my torch
I submitted a 20$ cash pickup on 20:02 02/02/2020 20 days after my 20th birthday. What a time to be alive.
This notebook with an in-built portable charger
This notebook with an in-built portable charger
The frost on my neighbors' roof looks pixelated.
This piece of ice in a stream that looks like an Eagle
My lip balm has the same color scheme as the book I’m reading!
The clouds by my house look so cool right now!
I don’t know if this is mildly interesting enough or not but the clouds are so cool looking right now!
Frost on my windshield looks like some 3D icy mountains
This Glitch Picture Of A Frog My Phone Created By Itself
There is a town in the US called Gaylordsville.
An extra pancake was put in my package.
Hershey Lodge freebies
Found some Polish money on a street in Indonesia.
My glass isn't flat at the bottom
This sign next to a science centre
This big piece of dead skin that came off my foot.
My keychain left a “permashadow mark” on this glow in the dark sticker
A wrinkled egg I found
I've been working in the same yard as this tower for 5 years. Just found out it was Tolkien's inspiration for the two towers as he lived in the street across the road. Being a LOTR fan I thought it was pretty cool.
Everyone is an Iowan Today
McDonalds and Jollibee (a local fast-food competitor) branches in my hometown of Silay City, Philippines. While McDonalds renovated an old ancestral home, Jollibee built one from ground up architecturally inspired by it.
Add up each year and see what it adds to
The first documented sighting of the giant sequoia took place in the spring of 1852. In 1891 the giant "Mark Twain Tree" was cut down. A slice of its trunk was sent to the American Museum of Natural History for a display which lists things that took place during the time it was alive.
The most unnecessary parking sign of all-time?
These nightclub stamps
These lemons I bought are orange
comedic hero or villain ?
comedic hero or a true villain ?
This Wawa slushy machine runs Ubuntu Linux
My school's bathroom sink makes a water bubble
This black slug
The rules Apple apply to my inbox to mark all messages from Apple with a blue color - that I didn't ask for.
The flowers my mum got on her bday have the same colours as the flowers on the painting she got on her bday. Given by two totally different people.
The clean break of the top of my crystal whisky glass.
this highway sign looks like a squirrel
all my fruit gushers are red
Sand formed by Lightning (This time a real Fulgurite)
Managed to do this
I made these with Sketchup and 3D printing service
Jousting armor
The buses in my city display a train at a station in the number panel when the buses are replacing trains
This necklace I wear has worn down a bit.
A milestone lol
How did this get stuck here
Sand formed by Lightning
So Tinder seems to have a problem of banning trans people
The way the saw cuts the wood, but not the tag
How my boss supervises my department.
Riding tips from the Icelandic Bus Company (Strætó)
been taking a selfie every day
Logos with slogans
The way the sun bruises apples when left in the sun (normal Apple on right for comparison on 1st image)
My yellow hibiscus flower grew three pink leaves. The plant next to it is red. First time this has happend the 4 years I've had it.
Just an anatomical heart my daughter made by accident while we made pancakes!
A worker in my factory has a cowboy hat that doubles as a hard hat
Turn your screen upside down.
Snail graveyard?
I folded a hat for Lincoln
This medieval "graffiti" carving on this wall
English is weird
The wear and tear on the wall where we put or key
This metal straw for my iced chai tea latte at a Japanese cafe
How does he see
Big plane flying by a small one
I spilled water on my desk and it looks like a whale splashing water
This usb can plug in either way
A tiny banana
Book cover brought to life on the book
A comparison between the 2016 election map and the map created by using hashtags in support of teams for the super bowl seem to almost mirror eachother.
This paper thin building
Some military vehicles on display inside Fort Campbell, Kentucky. They couldn’t fit in the museum so they placed them in the parking lot nearby.
The two pictures I stuck in my sketchbook got caught on to each other
This headless cross walk sign
The Great Lakes look like a woman in a life vest
The light switch in my bathroom is made of phosphorescence material, making it glow in the dark.
This reflection on my leg from a tiny puddle
Found a couple of triple-shelled walnuts.
This lady bug looks like an ink blot test
i just lost a beard hair thats split twice
students from China need to pure
Phone panoramic squished the length of the cars on the street
This elevators weight examples.
A cool S made out of cool S's
Escalator for shopping carts.
This spider web got decorated with the rest of the bridge.
The Snow on this lamppost.
This Emu looks like a hairy stone from behind
This weird cloud formation that goes for miles.
CASHEWS CASHEWS COME FROM A FRUIT.
My receipt today was for 02/02/2020 02:20
The floor rugs at my job have RFID chips in them
The pattern on this snake looks like an emoji
(Right) Shoe that has the right side of the grip shaved.
I switched colors while knitting and it looks like a bacon
I switched colors while knitting and got a bacon.
The way this burst when I boiled it
My Mums plant has a flower that looks like a mini pineapple
This frost on the grocery store freezers
How are you still on?
Poster on my bedroom wall
The effect of lighting on your paint color. (No photoshop/digital editing involved)
This wee little grape I got today
Rescue helicopter takes off in windy conditions.
I asked for downvotes but got the opposite
I made a microwavable lasagna and the recycling indent pushed into a pasta layer
Our six-year-old made a kaleidoscope at school and I can't not see the jazz solo cup design.
After picking up some noodles, I let go of my chopsticks and they balanced like this
I have never seen a bike rack in a parking lot stall before. Usually this spot is designated for disabled placards or shopping carts.
These are water bears (aka tardigrades). They’ve been found on Earth and the moon.
I found a square jalapeño today.
Tokyo 2020 Erasable Pen
This quarter I found has one side partially ground down.
Spent $20.20 at In-N-Out on 02/02/2020
W-what have I made
These earrings in the shape of ears
Total cost, order #, and nametag
This 50lb bag of whole oats had one corn kernel.
This is only applicable for the next hour in EST, but kind of crazy
This fancy booster seat with matching chair fabric
The bottom of this sixer box of beer.
This is the first time the three dimensional version of my cat has ever been on this refrigerator.
UPS driver training course. Tiny houses, roads, street signs, stop signs, parking cones and even a UPS Dropbox. Sorry for the panorama, but it was the only way to get it all in.
The cord from my pressure washer twisted itself into a pretzel
This perfect little bench.
9 10’s on the screen at the same time
Not sure if this goes here but I’m hella interested.. full name on the jail roster: Poog Dableed DevilDrugChristLord.
$497,000 house and your driveway is to steep to put your $100,000 car in the garage.so you block the sidewalk....
Asbestos filter Cigarette
$497,000 house and your driveway is to steep to put your $100,000 car in the garage.so you block the sidewalk....🤔
The inside of my beer seen from my phone camera
My neighbor installed a window for his dog into this fence.
My friend used epoxy resin and different bottle caps he collected over two years to create this awesome coffee table top
The spout on this fabric softener refill looks like vulva.
This painted quarter found in my register
This gigantic lemon
This locker with an outlet to charge your things.
This Japanese capsule toy my boyfriend gave me
This ad has 48 awards
I've had an epiphany!
On the second day of the second month of two thousand and twenty, I worked the second shift with two cats in the office. Just one good dog though.
Pupcakes with icing that looks like dog turds
222 on 02/02/2020
Coca Cola can from the 80’s
Today, 02/02/2020, the first palindromic date since 1390, Kansas City Chiefs’ Head Coach Andy Reid wins his 222nd career game.
Today, 02/02/2020, the first palindromic date since 1390, Kansas City Chiefs Head Coach Andy Reid wins his 222nd career game.
I was attempting to draw a tree for my geometry student, but accidentally drew Abraham Lincoln instead.
This picture in the state capital that's intentionally blurred.
Today is the first palindrome day in 900 years. The wait is short, though, the next one is next year.
The camera at the top of the treadmill at my gym
The size of this stalagmite in a cave I went in recently.
Today is a palindrome 02/02/2020-&gt;0202/20/20
My 8 yo daughter created a comic book character named “Handbutt”.
It’s been 900 years since the last palindrome day. The wait is short, though, the next one is next year.
The coincidence is uncanny. In all fairness the prank is pretty epic
The Oregon convention center has the cascades on the roof
This speed limit I found whilst delivering.
Four Headed TNT Yeeter
One of my parents rooms have a small door to access the plumbing
This soda fountain at our local pizza place
Measuring cups designed after the fractions they represent
This tomato looks like squidward
I just found a little ladybug on my sisters jacket in the middle of winter...
This backwards clock
These historical records in a library are in comic sans
Bedroom hidden in plain sight as a cabinet
This giant bagel
This banana really big (added pen for reference).
This double-colored table tennis ball
I met a dog that sits like this.
I met a dog that sits like this.
These clothing hangers match the color of the shirts
My brother in law asked if we needed anything for our Super Bowl party. I jokingly quoted a line from Airheads. He did not disappoint.
The way these rocks are stacked
Ode to a sneeze
Kids birthday party @ my work had a Bob Ross theme!
A strawberry that looks like a hand
Spotted the Ghostbusters car while I was out playing Pokemon Go.
The color distribution of this gala apple (more photos in comment)
I pulled this wart like scab off the side of my head and it looks like something from a different planet. I used my phone's camera and a 10x loop to take the this picture of a piece of it
My fresh tattoo left a perfect partial imprint on my bed sheet last night
This car’s headlights have tiny windshield wipers
The lock screen of my phone is showing me how long that study beats livestream has been on for.
The yellow cups behind the water make it look like.. uh. Sidenote: why is there no neutral term for the word: piss is too vulgar, pee is too childish, and urine is too medical.
This Seagull has a butthole and is giving the Giraffe the side eye
I have an unnaturally sharp canine tooth.. Guess I'm a vampire or something
The way my chip formed
GameCube controllers of all things.
Fred the Floridaman spells his name in the targets at the bombing range.
Room numbers at a hotel my parents stayed at.
This can of soda that exploded in the freezer
Inside of an escalator
Saw a post about moles that look like piercings. Here’s my
Snow slid off the roof then refroze
Snow slid off the roof then refroze
Letters on the inside of my shoe wore out and now it just says "ass"
This great slogan
Silver Pendants on a Sunflower
My hand looks like it's dissolving in my bathtub being filled with water
This real ivy is pushing out this fake ivy
The landfill/dump in Montgomery County, Ohio decorates with discarded bowling balls. I love it. [OC]
The letter O on the inside of my shoe wore out and now it just says "ass"
The dry part of my dishwasher looked like a puddle of metal.
The Detroit Airport Has a Light Show Between Terminals
Tim Hortons new cereal!
Hospital door attachment to prevent stretchers from jamming.
My aluminum mug has a reflection of itself on it.
The Super Bowl Halftime show stage looks like it’s from Minute to Win it
This plasma portal lighter rotates plasma with Larenz forces
A round egg my sister found. (Second picture)
My grandpa’s freezer
A candle with the wick removed
These weird polyp things I found on some rocks.
This plasma portal lighter rotates plasma with Larenz forces
Unopened La Croix can completely empty.
This plasma portal lighter rotates plasma with Larenz forces
This little free library we found on the sidewalk
This chip in the wood panel that looks just like the head of a dog
Spotted 4 prototype cars, all with left hand drive in my sleepy Australian country town
Plasma portal lighter makes plasma rotate with Lorenz forces to light your joints evenly.
Fixed the post "my number 7 looks vaguely like an emo teenager with hair over their eyes" please hold your praise, I know it's perfect
My Slim Jim came with two in the same wrapper.
I pulled up to the pump to get some gas.. and it looks like the last person scored the best deal ever.
Found a note with something written in Chinese inside an old spider-man toy.
Straight from the carton - the shell came off but the membrane stayed in tact
This towel stain looks like a cat
popcorn i found a few minutes ago
Found this old headstone almost overtaken by a large tree.
The Earth without water.
My oven looks like it’s being sarcastic
This little dinosaur at the Starbucks drive thru
This soap bubble that formed after draining my sink.
My seven vaguely looks like an emo teenager (like with hair over their eyes)
A so called millennial
These puzzles that have prices shaped like something that’s in them
The way my cactus grew
This apple I bought had a heart on it
The way this ice froze
My cousins have a square toilet bowl at their house.
If only we had a shape that looked like an I
If only we had a shape that looked like an I
My abstract painting looks like a spine.
The way my lazy dog sits while she eats
These LaCroix boxes I found seem to have a doubled flavor name typo.
This message on the bottom of this coffee mug
My dad’s been to 3 Super Bowls. Check the price for a seat on the 50 yard line!
The bottom of this chipped door looks like a city skyline.
This fork at my all inclusive resort
Look at this pretzel
Didn't expect to pull Donald Trump out of a skittles bag. Impeach the rainbow?
My butter was wrapped incorrectly
The supermarket happened to be selling Reddit upvote shaped hamburgers today
This temporary tactile paving next to construction
The core of a rubixs cube with the screws and springs
My Mystery Dum Dum was multicolored
The length of whatever these things are at Domino’s.
Box for new headlight bulbs. It has a checkbox for the model number, but they don't use it. Instead they made the text (and checkbox) a different color.
This little mini pallet for the sticky notes.
New headlight bulbs. The model # is indicated by ~~the checkbox~~ the text color.
One of our wedding photos made an unintentional wave.
Popeyes sells juice in a bag
These oddly specific heating instructions on the chiccy nuggies
Popeyes sells juice in a bag
Pretty big weather swing over here in Colorado this week...
Either they used the wrong cap or placed the wrong label. Is it whole or 2% milk?
This tomato with a full root system growing inside
I felt guilty eating my Yorkshire pud!
The sell by date on this beer bottle is a palindrome.
The expiration date on my this beer bottle is a palindrome.
My cat’s stubby paw.
Found conjoined twin portabello mushrooms.
Tree that looks like face
This local Chinese place stores iced tea in soup containers
This flippable Skittles ad I found in a magazine
This geode from Michael’s that was solid crystal.
My fortune cookie gave me a chemistry factoid instead of a fortune
Look at this jaw (of a bird I think) I found in the desert!
The dot in my eye, was born with it, is a mole.
Today's date is a palindrome (02/02/2020)
This cup holder clip.
Ancient astronauts confirmed.
This peppers got balls
Paintings from the first time doing acid.
99 smartphones in a cart to create virtual traffic jams on Google Maps
THIS ICE IS FROM THE BOTTOM OF A COCA COLA BOTTLE
This road has been closed for 3 months, I have to wake up at 4:30 AM everyday to get to work.
I found a baby onion inside of my onion
Today, 02 02 2020, is a better day than most to learn the meaning of this word:
The date is a palindrome consisting of only 2s and 0s
Bill Burr looking like a dad who just roasted his son with a mediocre, but in his eyes, legendary joke. Sean Evans looking like the son that took the roast to heart, but doesn't want to display weakness infront of his dad.
when Samsung's design for its charger makes sense vs. Apples bloc
This railing that just bent around the rock instead of moving the rock
Someone brought this to the SuperBowl party, Lays sample flavor bag before it hits the market
A tiny slice of pizza
If you google superb owl, this comes up.
This stick I found
Empty Tide Pod
Three identical cars at the stop light
This ice hanging off a bush
My box of mac &amp; cheese is simulating what it's like when people take off their glasses or put on their friends glasses
Wrong noodle in the kraft spirals
How to Crack a Combination Lock in Second With No Tools
barcode is in the shape of my state
The first six digits of the speed of light is the exact same as the latitude of the pyramids of giza
Thought it was a charred dead bunny lying on its back. Turns out, just a tree root.
This Vans sticker on my power bank got scratched and looks way cooler
You can guess the 4 digit code to get into this building quite easily from the faded numbers.
Bathroom Faucet with Soap, Water, Dryer all in One!
The dumplings are served on a small sailboat
This brewery puts interesting facts and adventure maps on their cans
Special price reduction
In honor of the Super Bowl today; my football was made in someone’s chin.
Sneak Peak At Amazons New Drones
Two years from now, this photo's descendants will be much more significant
All the urinals in a bathroom at a restaurant were filled with ice
Frost on my bumper this morning
The menus at this restaurant are printed on wooden boards
My kitchen thermometer has a setting for cooking crack.
Bathroom faucet with Soap, Water, Dry all in One!
This vintage wood and brass toilet at my in-laws.
I found an unopened 4-5 Million Year Old Fossil Scallop Shell today in the creek.
Andromeda galaxy photographed by an amateur from their backyard
A heart formed in the soap of a pan I was soaking
This winter storm warning looks like a penis
Found a dorito stick in my bag of chips
The time and dual ac temps
The time and dual ac temps
Every letter is capitalized except the I
This drain looks like the WiFi symbol
My in between packet of crisps
I have a tiny mole on the edge of the eyelide
The icicles on this house
My friends cat drinking water from the fish bowl (he leaves the fish alone)
My friends cat deinking water from the fish bowl
These traffic cones at the Harry Potter studio are shaped like sorting hats.
My friends trash looks like an alien being
This thing i made was completely held together by acryllic paint
Close up of the sun
Me and my mom have a line through our nails in the same spot
Me and my mom have a line through our nails in the same spot
A bird flew into my window and left an outline.
Banana full of water in Staten Island
Subreddits that come up if you search "stupid"
My Twix had no caramel
A tank display at an Aquarium in Denmark
The lichen on my front steps
Coronavirus doubles as a viral marketing campaign for Plague Inc.
This pencil is made from reclaimed denim.
I have consecutively minted 2 dollar bills 2
A display tank at an Aquarium in Denmark
This extra long, bent piece of uncooked pasta
This cool soda WE found
I found a bag of these jail chips In s store
Our neighborhood has this little book sharing house installed.
The way this snow forms on my roof
Once in a lifetime opportunity
Had to reupload: this rock solid mini pumpkin I have :) it never molded or rotted, it just shrunk!
This is a naked lemon!
This crack in the ice looks like a synapse
This crack in the ice looks like a synapse
This unopened can of Corona from ~1970s that was in my grandmothers basement
My Paper Airplane went through a plant leaf and stayed there.
Conjoined grapes
Almost used this to do laundry. A Tide Pod that wanted to be an Air Pod.
The sink at the restaurant I’m at
This phallic, yet ornate ice design created in my freezer.
This egg I bought, bananas for scale
R.I.P. Kobe Bryant, Now We Can Remember You In A Better Way
The light my peephole reflected
Bill McElligott, Delivery Truck Driver, Has Severe Sun Damage On One Side Of His Face And Shows What 28 Years Of Sunlight Can Do To You
Very interasting yes
Rip Kobe :(
My brother's fortune
My electric toothbrush gives smiley feedback
Hole in the ceiling at my work
Arson, but a note on some medical documents in the back seat makes this interesting to me. “Please put his bin meds in too please, going to Tennessee- has hooked in to mental services yet”
I was given a cat spoon.
The Birthday cake my S/O gave me!! (Because I don’t like cake!)
This Pink Princess root
Conjoined orange slice
The way my boyfriend puts his wallet in the same way every time
This perfect ice cream
You can see the veins in my cat's ears when the Sun shines through them
Blood orange slice with a color gradient from dark red to bright yellow.
This urinal has a stall door
The digits in the speed of light are exactly the same as the latitude of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
My girlfriend wears a different mask everyday because it's extremely difficult to buy in bulk due to the virus
People putting their hands on the same spot have worn down this door handle( originally silver)
The way I spilled my milk
Today is 02/02/2020 — the first global palindrome day in 909 years
Before and after photos of freshly fallen snow vs how dirty the snow looks after a couple weeks and a windstorm
Tesla store in the middle of an indoor shopping mall
The way the wax melted
Thai Red Bull from the early 90’s
My porn rind with a tattoo visible
The way this candle wax dried
[02 02 20 20] Palindrome Today's date reads same way for the heathens and non heathens that invert the day with month, but also when reading it backwards, and even when you get to the time 20h and 20 minutes
This shirt is supposed to say love, but I see a mouth and nose.
Super Unleaded was cheaper than Unleaded.
One side of this Orange is orange while the other is red.
This egg yolk from a farmers market egg:
Time taken to reach some celestial bodies if you’re travelling at light speed (~300,000 km/s) or (~186,000 miles per second)
My SpotBot cleaned a stain on my already nasty carpet, so now I have a stain where the stain was.
This custom manhole cover
i didn't know that they made mini mentos, found out just a little bit ago and thought it was mildly interesting
The high shutter speed on my phone disturbing this fidget spinner ( which is spinning)
This tape stole the SpongeBob font
This is one long carrot!
The way this post it fell
This packet of crisps came attached to each other
This expiry date is a palindrome
“Uncomfortably long”
IKEA has a chocolate bunny that you also have to build
Something you will never see again
My baby niece has an extra finger
Ice Cream Mask - opened Cold Stone Creamery “Peanut Butter Cup Perfection” and found this mask under the lid.
Something you will never get to see again
Today, February 2, 2020 (02022020) will be the first time in over 8 years since the date was a palindrome — on November 2, 2011 (11022011). Until next time, 12022021.
Ice Cream Mask (opened Cold Stone Creamery “Peanut Butter Cup Perfection” and found a mask under the lid). Matching pic of ice cream in container in comments.
i've been seeing 24's all week long.. RIPKOBE
Bathrooms at pike place market in Seattle are distinguished by chromosomes
2020 inception
Visited this interesting antiquities shop in Lyon, France.
One year old skittles
This guy has a Pizza Planet truck
This guys has a Pizza Planet truck
I met a two headed turtle from the reptile zoo in Monroe, WA
This Custom Bowling Ball That I Found In My Closet
These urinals that have a grate and drain underneath them.
20h20 02/02/2020
Two A Day?
My best youtube video:
I guess it's Two A Day
My middle school's yearbook forward from 1999-2000
This restaurant has a foot pedal for the bathrooms so you don't have to touch the handle.
Palindrome user no. on a palindrome date
Water froze while coming out the drain
My flop tan line after working on a boat for a year
I have a freckle in my eye
This albino strawberry
This candle lid is made up of smaller candles
Walmart with escalators
My pants kind of look like a dog head
To deter porch robbers. (Read bottom right)
I caught a whiff of something good smelling.
Should have gotten multigrain, hole bread disappointed.
This pavement
Does it feel safe there?
Y’all so interesting about how today is a palindrome but also forgetting about Phil, Happy Groundhog Day everyone!
These paper towels have little ghosts on them
This gentleman has been growing his hair out long since before he started going grey.
Infinity lights.
Discarded tissue looks like a bird in flight
Fog avoiding the crack in my windshield
It must be groundhog day
The bees knees
My county has k9 cards
Our puppy has a perfect heart on her side..........
This line of white cars at the grocery store.
This bowl is a perfect match for these noodles!
This parking garage has lights above each spot that indicate if the spot is taken or not, and you can see them from the end of each row.
This mildly witty suggestion on the bottom of my mug -- just noticed it a decade later.
This shadow that kind of looks like mario without his hat on
This fence shadow lines up perfectly with the sidewalk crack
My new lighter uses electricity. Looks cool.....!!!!
This little “gallon” of milk.
I ordered hot tea with milk and was served 4 tiny shots of milk.
This unknown shirt tag
The leftover jello shot I forgot about since Christmas apparently slowly evaporated in the fridge
What is this?
This looks like Mike Wazowski
This water fountain that has a place for dogs to drink
Amazon Prime- Never seen an actor in a movie described as one of their previous characters from a different movie
This dirty pan with water and grease that looks like aliens staring at you.
Palindromic Date and Time
Amazon Prime- Never seen an actor in a movie described as one of their previous characters from a different movie
Amazon Prime- Never seen an actor in a movie described as one of their previous characters from a different movie
A rat enjoying a milkshake in the backyard of my local burger joint
My Swiss cheese reminded me of Plank from Ed, Edd, and Eddy
I found some Mountain Dew that expires on 4/20
I found some Mountain Dew that expires on 4/20
I found some Mountain Dew that expires on 4/20
This tiny window with a tiny roof
I was chopping firewood and found this log with lines going accross the grain.
There’s a whole misspelled r/mildlyinfuriating subreddit, and no one there realized it’s misspelled. It’s like their own parallel universe.
There’s a whole misspelled r/mildlyinfuriating subreddit, and no one there realized it’s misspelled. It’s like their own parallel universe.
I was splitting some firewood into smaller pieces and noticed this log has lines going accross the grain.
The Stormtrooper on my socks, upside down looks like a menacing ET about to explode with laughter.
Today is 02/02/2020 and I turn 22
Fingerprints on my moms iPad from playing candy crush for three years and being on level 1866
Clearing out an old server closet at work, and found some original 1MB RAM chips!
Someone spilled coffee. I just saw Rock n Roll!
sky made the clock tower look like it was photoshopped in
My shoes have a map of the world on the bottom
Think mom will notice?
This forgotten pair of shears enveloped by a tree next to the home I just bought
This spaghetti noodle
This red pepper began to sprout from the inside
This tree stump in my neighborhood looks like a lion
This tree stump in my neighborhood looks like a lion
How many people can travel with bus vs. same number of people traveling with their own car
i found a straight banana
i found a perfectly straight banana
I just realized my friend from high school looks like David Thewlis and now i can't unsee it.
Today's date is a perfect palindrome!
I found this key outside Texas Roadhouse
today's date is a perfect palindroom
The lemon slice in the water I was served had the stem on it.
Found a perfect cocoon carcass
Round Up
I have 2 consecutively minted 2 dollar bills
I have an incense burning smoke breathing dragon
My Dad's Thermostat is living 13 years in the futre!
This manhole cover in Copenhagen
He does tricks with his monkey
A clever take on ‘truck nuts’.
This lottery ticket has only winning numbers.
Wow 02022020
The menu at this Chinese restaurant is printed on one very large piece of card
The Humpback Bridge is the oldest of Virginia's remaining covered bridges. Located in Alleghany County, just west of Covington, it was built in 1857. It was part of the James River and Kanawha Turnpike. Traffic across the bridge ceased in 1929. [OC]
Aerial view of Red Rocks Ampitheater, Morrison, CO taken this AM
A clever twist on ‘truck nuts’.
The caster on this shopping cart was inverted causing the wheel to wear down like so
This ketchup timebomb I found in my drawer.
The first picture ever taken of a cat. 1880
This see through highlighter so you can actually see the words you are highlighting.
Small Pharma Stores in Vietnam started to give out free basic medical mask to help prevent Corona outbreak. Currently, Vietnam have 7 confirmed cases. - Feb. 03,2020.
This rubberduck store in Mallorca
This see through highlighter so you can actually see the words you are highlighting. In other news: highlighting on camera is hard.
This stain om my stove that looks like USA but with a deformed west coast
We have a chicken that lays blue eggs
Fort my dad built me on left and fort I built my kids on right.
It's a rare thing, madame.
“Grains” of salt super magnified under an electron microscope reveal themselves to be cubes.
The “handy” pull-tag that I bet nobody ever uses to help them step into these easily accessible slippers...
I found a baby snapping turtle in my garage.
This door knocker
Plantt
Happy Sunday!
Weather dog has a green screen bandana making him look transparent.
This long can of spray paint
World apart
In Sweden you can get oranges on your pizza
This button on my grandparents TV remote
The roof to this rundown house I saw
NFL league standings in mini Snickers bars (missing Eagles and Jets).
This door knocker
I got the ad of a movie on YT that I was gonna wanna watch an ad of the movie on
Sweat marks on the inside of my sports bra
This stain on the ground outside my dorm looks like a head in profile.
Rare Palindrome Day
I swear these have all come from different bags!
Happy palindrome day
The nice tree i saw
I have never seen this one before
This dime my mom found
Found in old stuff... When I consider this was high tech at some point in the past.
This reverse icicle in front of my house
This Tesla with photos of it's driver as a vinyl wrap??
WOW
Rotton tree with the branches still inside
This tag on my pants
[OC] This apple that I cut right through the middle.
This sign in the bathroom at a brunch place is to help sexual abuse victims
This toy I found at my Grandparents’ house. It ‘deposits’ eggs
How my notes have changed over 2 years
My hotel room is on the 13th floor
My Kit-Kat has no crisp, it's solid chocolate.
This toy I found at my Grandparents’ house
Beautiful ice formation
Nicholas Cage’s tomb
The size of this menu at a local Chinese restaurant
A light festival at my city making the entire street look like this
My friends cat has had a dick on his face...
When zooming in on a computer screen
Today, 02022020 is a palindrome day, next time this happens is 12122121
This take-out I ordered lets me know the body temperature of the chef, assembler, and deliverer.
Today, 20200202 is a palindrome day, next time this happens is 12122121
Today is 02-02-2020 which is a palindrome. One will happen in only once in a 1000 years. Now that’s interesting
Today, 20200202 is a palindrome day, next time this happens is 21212121
Local Barbershop
My hotel room had a sign with prices on all the items inside the room
Broke some spaghetti into a pan and accidentally created some modern art.
Dean Koontz predicted Chinese diseases coming from Wuhan in 1981
this restaurant i went to last night has a framed picture of hide the pain Harold
Today, 02022020 is a palindrome date. Next palindrome date is 12122121
Don’t know if this counts, but the seal covering the code on Nintendo switch gift cards look like PewDiePie’s wavy design
These photos? inside the lid of an old chest
My neat photo won a people's choice award
For all blog owners out there to get better search engine rankings :)
Today’s date is a palindrome, which we won’t see again until 2092!
This frozen chicken approves of its fate.
The facade of the cabin we took our cub scout troop to is a castle.
Today is an eight-digit ubiquitous palindrome date. It reads the same backwards and forwards.
This broken down box turned into a monster
Quite cool
The massive icicle hanging off of my roof!
Xmas tree amnesty near me 2/2/2020. Yes those are all dead trees, not bushes.
Strange way of displaying suits in an expensive shop
The massive icicle hanging off of my roof
I got paid for babysitting in 1 dollar gold coins
I got this perfect picture of my dog when she was yawning
Last November I had a bonfire here, now a couple of plants are growing from it’s ashes
My Bird of paradise has a flower coming out of a flower
This tree ate a carpet
Was flying to Hawaii and woke up when I flew over the Grand Canyon.
This hay bale decoration has sprouted fresh grass
Today’s date is a rare eight-digit palindrome: 02/02/2020 — the only one of its kind this century
This beacon is getting on my nerves
Do you think my gf will like this gift?
This gas station added hand sanitizer
My wife likes Crunch Berries but prefers a higher Crunch to Berry ratio so she buys Cap'n Crunch and Oops All Berries then meticulously mixes them.
Is it a fox? Is it a horse? Is it a wolf? Yes. But no.
How smooth the wax melted in my wax warmer
I purchased dressers from George Rodrigue’s (deceased/famous Blue Dog artist from New Orleans), estate and there were three watercolors hidden inside, one of his grown son, Jacques. I wrote to the foundation to authenticate and offered to donate them back, and they are denying they are Rodrigue’s.
This wet floor sign shaped like a banana.
The per-pound price didn't get rounded properly, so it covers the item price
I rarely see pay phones anymore.
This large strawberry
This perfectly straight banana
Some posted prices at Target didn't get rounded properly
This Poster Hanging Up At My School Advertising A Boss Baby Roleplay Club
Local convenience store has a very limited card selection, but chose an 88th birthday card to have in stock
I’ve always seen these on instagram and my bf finally ordered me one and I couldn’t be happier!
This feather that looks like a dinosaur
How I hold my ipad from a bunkbed
My friend uses his iPad to lift his mouse cable off the mouse pad because it was catching while playing FPS games. He said it hasn’t moved from that spot in a year.
This Chinese restaurant has humorous comments by the owner about the dishes
This defective nut has no thread cut.
The trees covered in frost
This menu option at my local diner.
New protection for coronavirus!
The name of the store where I buy alcohol and blunts.
The ages on this dinosaur puzzle
Ski thru McDonald’s at Lindvallen ski resort.
My in-laws coffee mug has a penguin orgy
My mulberries are best before November Firth
Palindrome Date today.
My friends cat is named “dick face” guess why?
The way the light is reflecting onto the countertop.
The way this almond milk settles in my cold brew.
The pour spout on this fabric softener refill is shaped exactly like vulva.
Mike Wazowski !
Today is the only date with an 8 digit palindrome this century, the last being 11/11/1111, next being 12/12/2121
The moon tonight in Wellington, New Zealand
Not that cool but I have a white blue healer
A picture of Kobe Bryant on the wall in the gymnasium at his high school.
Strap in for the ride
I saw this two footed tree on a recent ride
This soap company makes it a priority to tell you whats in their soap
Green capsicum growing inside a yellow capsicum.
Packet of delicious noodles
Breast milk separates into cream and skim milk if it sits for a couple of days
Muscle atrophy of my leg after wearing a cast for 4.5 weeks
These bottle caps have a small marker on the outside, that corresponds to the threads on the inside. Each one uses a different style marker.
Chicken breast piece that looks like chicken wing, btw this piece has no bones
This bin of donated parts at the ReStore has a "Cremated Remains" label on it
This BWM Logo on the wheel.
the way this boat goes down with the water
My in-laws keep garlic salt, lemon pepper, and MSG on the table, instead of the usual
Ants raided the cat food, but had to leave behind all the bigger pieces that wouldn't fit down their hole
This pillowcase
Today (2-2-2020) is the first day since 9-30-2009 without a 1 in the date.
This multicolored sugar leaf on my nug.
This Quaker soars box is printed upside down
This tree branch grew into itself making a handle
The ceiling tiles in this birthing center are oriented towards the mother giving birth, instead of the rest of the room
Not surprisingly they played Frédéric Chopin music in this hotel lobby
This thrift store book had the stories indexed by princess
Netflix markets Taylor Swifts' Miss Americana documentary to you with different posters based on what your other interests are
The thumbnails :)
Today is 02/02/2020 which is a palindrome and the first in 909 years
Enjoying a LBGTQ mandarin (?!?) slice at a Human Rights Watch meeting.
Today is 02/02/2020 -- the first palindrome day in 909 years
If you google Superb Owl, it will bring you the Superbowl results but with an owl.
These Harry Potter themed coasters...
These screws inside the PlayStation have the icons on them
These Harry Potter themed coasters..
These Harry Potter themed coasters..
These Harry Potter themed coasters...
This strawberry tried to grow another strawberry.
This mini waffle iron
Took a screenshot at 02:02 to celebrate 02/02/2020.
Today’s date
I just learnt that if you push the triangles in on the end of film, foil or paper, you never have the roll falling out, or using more than you need. Brilliant eh?
Today’s date
I don't know if this counts. My toaster was made in West Germany.
Today’s date
The way this apple split between red and yellow
Today’s date
Today’s date 02/02/2020 is a palindrome
Today’s date
Today’s date
Today’s date
Lemon size cabbage
I got a 2 in 1 fortune cookie!
I cracked three eggs into a bowl and they made a cool smiley face :)
Today’s date
The branches on my trees are encased in ice
Today is a palindrome, the date can be read the same forwards and backwards. The last 8 digit palindrome was 909 years ago.
We have an ant problem, so my dad made a makeshift moat to protect his biscuits
This drawer that looks like an old school car
This almost perfectly brown pancake
02/02/2020 is the only date in our lifetimes — and the 1st since 11/11/1111 — to be palindromic across the World, in whatever date format you choose.
The pattern the soap follows on my shower door
Hotel room shower has built in retractable clothes line.
These Edding spray cans designed to look like a marker
Penis-shaped orange peel
Hidden Liverpool: Houdini performed in a police station in Liverpool in 1904. Completely naked, he escaped from three sets of handcuffs, opened his own cell and all other cells in the block and locked another prisoner in so securely, only Houdini himself could let him out. All in 6 minutes!
Penis-shaped orange peel
my childhood home, a float house
This perfect brown line my coffee made in my cup.
The way my lemon is green.
Today’s date is a palindrome
The refils of my mechanical pencil got stuck in a hexagon structure
Today is a Palindrome across the globe
When excavated, Mummies were found to have bead netting placed over the most vulnerable parts of the body for protection. Here is an actual Mummy Head in the World Museum in Liverpool with the bead netting still in place.
How the eyes of a chameleon move
When excavated, Mummies were found to have bead netting over placed to protect the most vulnerable parts of the body. Here is an actual Mummy Head in the Liverpool World Museum with the bead netting still protecting its face.
The way my cat's paw looks like a human foot.
This maple seed germinating on the car window in February, while it's supposed to be winter in Finland.
The bus camera date is reverted back to 2010
The date of the bus camera is reverted to 2010
This NERF gun looks like a monkey when put upside down
This sea creature caught off Coney Island tries to attack camera with probably poisonous spikes, 100% goosebumps. I'm calling it a dragon.
Pack of pringles? Saw these in a vending machine today.
Giant Red Pepper with a banana and orange for scale.
The pattern of this ice on a play set.
This really tall heater
Dude “chugs” down 2 beers at the same time through nostrils
The make up box my co-worker brought to work this morning
I have a pair of moles, that look like an eyebrow piercing.
A folded Pringle
The answer to my homework (69.69 recurring)
This crossbow i made while working
My drunk neighbor who would rather sleep in the hallway...
In Sweden, people use bikes to commute all year
In Sweden, people use bikes to commute all year
The right side of my sandwich ended up looking like a heart
In Sweden, people use bikes to commute all-year
Spiders Are Worshiping Satan Now - A Pentagram Made Out Of Dead Spider Legs Found In My Mother's Bathroom.
Driving shoes from 1968
Today’s date, 02/02/2020, can be read both ways.
Today’s date, 02/02/2020, can be read both ways.
The number i got at my local supermarket
The number i got at my local supermarket
Today's my lucky day!
Stactue dog
I got 69 upvotes on my latest post. Let’s do 420 now!
This is a 24 hour clock that my parents have that I saw at the exact right time where it was 22nd minute in the hour 22nd hour in the day 2nd day in the 2nd month in the year 2020 and to top it off it’s 22 degrees
This frozen pasta
How you digitize albums, en masse.
These 2 shampoo bottlee. 1 is upside down
These 2 shampoo bottles. The etiket is the same but the bottle is upside down
This 2 shampoo bottles. The etiket is upside down
This bubble formation in my dish soap
Now the roof has been cleaned.
Bee chilling in some grass growing out of an old pipe
Super palindrome
My new plant has a plant passport
What a quid used to look like.
The other board underneath the actual dart board show where people missed
My dogs extra toe
Inside of a Blood orange
A leaflet handed to a passenger arriving into dublin about a suspected case of coronavirus on their flight
Today is the last WORLD WIDE VALID palindrome day in your lifetime! (fixed title)
Never noticed that trademark notice on Reese’s before. They must have a signature orange colour.
Today is a palindrome date, 02/02/2020
Does this look familiar 🤔? Just for the record, this English Grammar book was printed in 2008.
A wall made if pencils and string
Self service Draught beer taps at a 7-11
In Chrome Mobile the tabs button turns into a smiley face once you hit 100 open tabs
clementinception
Like today’s date, this license plate number is a palindrome
The steps of an escalator
Sunset @ 30,000 ft
That random #1 pattern on a mosaic.
Sideways sunlight reveals structure of this house facade (Stockholm, Sweden)
Not sure in other countries but in Malaysia there’s toilet for little boys and girls.
Bench looks like it has been pulled from the ground
Pealed Paint on the back of car looks like a world map
An apple with a distinctively miscoloured section
Taking the elevator in my hotel and realised I'm in Schindler's Lift
found on r/pics, this clementine had a smaller clementine inside of it
Alcohol based hand sanitizer works as ink on receipt paper, as I found out when I accidentally sprayed some hand sanitizer on my logon barcode at work! (I’m now making art with it, follow me @barco_dart on Instagram.)
The remains of a huge 300-Million-Year-Old shark skull have been found deep inside an underground Kentucky cave. It's a long way from the ocean today, but the discovery shows that this ancient underground labyrinth was once a vast ocean riddled with sharks.
This beer bubble
Today is the last palindrome day in your lifetime
This egg is a bit odd..
Long egg
Check out how Japanese media is covering the Iowa caucus. Each candidate is riding a tractor through a corn field to show their lead. The scarecrow is a real person in a costume. Gotta give them credit for capturing the Iowa vibe.
This giant chicken wing giving the finger behind some e-scooters
This huge fungus
This price with eyes for zeros
This huge fungus
This huge fungus
He's blue, daba de daba di
On the way to Budapest airport the street lights look like planes
You can see a little snow tunnel entrance/exit from where a snake crossed this sidewalk
Rolex sink faucets in my hotel room
A bug I saw on the seat of my cab had an interesting pattern on it's back!
McDonald's in Japan uses hexadecimal for Uber Eats order numbers
Beautiful stones
A kid from my class added scales to the board
This cup of tea with a paw print
This filtered picture of my dog
I've had this pumpkin for over 7 years. It never molded or rotted, it just shrunk. It's as hard as a rock as well!
a handmade knife made by spouse's grandpa
A river full of crocodiles in Costa Rica
Periodic Table of Swearing. Found this in my old basement.
Stumbled upon Dwayne Johnson in the woods
Black traffic cones
This airport's departure gate noticeboard tells passengers to relax in the language of their flight's respective destination(s).
My car hit 123,456 miles while I was doing 78 miles per hour.
This cup tells you where to drink from
Translucent garlic clove from an otherwise normal bulb
Perfectly cooked pancakes
My uncle posted this. This type of palindrome only happens once in a millenium. 02022020
This sticker at the bus stop
Does that mean it's opposite day?
A concert hall collapse in Saint Petersburg
This plant at my grandma's house, that just decided to grow in a diffrent colour (Sorry for bad quality my camera is shit)
This house has a tiny model of itself on the front steps
I took a picture of a rain cloud next to a normal cloud making it look like two different worlds.
Met Buzz Aldrin when I was 6 years old. Left an impression on me for the rest of my life.
This elevator has a Door Hold Open button
Picture a friend caught of lightning at a game a while back!
Picture a friend caught of lightning at a game a while back!
Sign in Hawaii details why not to trespass
A fox skull on a stick.
This may not seem like much, but it represents something important to me. A bunch of us are trying reboot children's television from the ground up.. to make it more about the needs of children, and less about the needs of Elmo. This song was the first moment we hit our mark. Feels good, man.
Thousands of birds take flight on a lake. Taken from 5,500 feet.
My Uber driver’s dashboard ...
The time was 02:20 on 02/02/2020.
Paint peeled of the back of a car looks like a world map.
This plane in this picture I took of my dog looks like it is about to crash into the side of the hill.
Italians seem to be all bout some Burger King!
900 years later...
Used dry-brush and now the little flower I painted looks fiber optic
Brewery Bottle Wall in Amsterdam
Pic taken in my local pub's bathroom.
This deformed piece of Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Found a toothbrush that’s older than I am (1986).
Probably not interesting enough, but 11111 karma.
My reddit feed contained these two posts featuring burly ginger men with cats right next to each other
Happy palindrome day (if only i had shopped at 2:20pm)
11-Year-Old Athlete Wins Multiple Gold Medals Running in Makeshift Shoes Made from Bandages
This little succulent growing through the pavers out back of my house.
Take-out BBQ ribs sauce left a smiling uterus mark on the lid.
I made it to the max amount of time on my stopwatch
This fungus looks like a fat guy pointing at his belly button
I was eating a snack and realized my blood orange was actually the prettiest color palette
Vending machine at work made an error and distributed everything all at once..
My cat's been resting like this next to my dad for the past hour apparently
this game score
A walnut that’s been cracked perfectly in half
The snow the other day was all perfectly clear individual snowflakes.
Unfortunate cookie. I guess I just need too keep doing what i'm doing.
My daughters hollow baby teeth
This kitty likes to go on walks with a leash
Smiling Cloud
Cards Against Humanity has two “Déjà vu” cards
The inconsistency from a local brewery and/or the end of a keg. All three beers are the same but from different kegs.
Was speeding through initialing papers and accidentally combined mine into a perfect cursive R
This raisin that still has the stem on it.
This raisin that still has the stem on it.
My beer had a cap inside the cap
This grape that looks like a pumpkin
How my purple shampoo looks after it’s settled. It shows the pattern of how it came out of the bottle.
My Caesar garnish under a black light
Huh, I guess they should weight them
Huh, I guess they should weight them
This toilet seat dispenses toilet seat covers with the push of a button
The time that this shop closes at
Found this while searching behind the creepy wooden door in the creepy basement bathroom at this AirBnB.
The way this snow peeled off the windshield and rolled up like a rug.
Went for a walk at the park and found a pair of shoes stuck to the tree
This mutant kiwi fruit looks like a pair of testicles
Our jackbox password.
Felt like the universe was cheering on my attempt at running around the block.
These aren’t real prawns
How these cereal boxes line up
4 person chess
In the creepy basement bathroom, behind a creepy wooden board instead of the wall.
Polish airport bathroom has a button rating system as you leave
Double sides crayon that my little sister got with her kids menu
Ice Sculpture Mario, Donkey Kong &amp; Piranha Plant
My shirt has a message on the back of the tag.
An Australian coin with Zooper Dooper (A type of Popsicle) on the front.
TIL that if you have more than 99 tabs open in Chrome, Google stops keeping count and just laughs at you from then on out. [OP][OC]
My cat’s almost Fibonacci Fur.
Piece of tissue fluff in my bathroom looks like Superman
Keyboard Responding w/out touch. Check comments for video evidence!
Milk expires at exactly 6:12
First time seeing a rotating seat cover, Louisiana you have it all.
I found an 1814 English/Irish (Gaelic) dictionary at an estate sale. More pics in comments, preface mentions a revival of the Irish language
This curved icicle, beneath which a cat is hiding, resembles the casualties of the coronavirus.
My pancake made a turkey
m&amp;m with half its shell missing
Rhino from dollar bill - designed by John Montroll - Folded by me
Prime Video's X-Ray lists the dog actor in Silence of the Lambs.
A mini acorn branch coming out of a leaf
Giant pinecone my sister found
These Doritos that were still attatched to eachother.
my watch broke so that the second hand got stuck
My mum only plays candy crush on her iPad
If you thought rose bush thorns were bad
Natural body transformation from skinny to muscle
My 2010 Corolla reached 123456mi earlier today!
This image was manufactured in franc d
Found a box in my garage of old Monopoly games I forgot I had
This snake I found wags it’s tail when I try to pet it.
There's a dead bug under the printing on this Target t-shirt.
Creepy Puppet
My local grocery store has a free fruit stand for kids to encourage healthy eating habits
Newly adopted boi smiles when he learns that strangers give nice pets if he lets them.
Crossection of a bean under microscope (dye used to help clarity)
This plates light reflection looks like a UFO
This apple pie flavored cupcake I got today looks like a little apple pie.
Happy January 32nd! (It’s February 1st)
I found a chicken nugget that was completely made of breading today...
Walking on the sharp edge? An accurate visualization of what women feel walking in high heels. Artwork on display at Delhi Art Fair 2020.
Garret Temple has an injured temple
These mall bathroom faucets.
An absolute mammoth we found at the coast.
Restaurant I went to had hooks for purses/takeout bags
An albino Catfish I found at the market..
The dawn of a new era
My girlfriend's puzzle wasn't the same picture as the box
Paul Lukas (of UniWatch) grabbing snacks
The way my underwear landed on the floor this evening
Bandwagon map for the Superbowl
An absolute mammoth we found at the coast. Hehe, geddit?
R.I.P Kobe + Gigi. Adding each of their first and last years ends up with Kobe's jersey numbers
"very assuring"
Smallest grape I've ever seen . Regular grape for scale .
Giant piece of granite I found under my abandoned bridge (my hand for comparison)
This snow dino my uncle made for my cousins
Darth vader helmet signed by george lucas at Motoworld
Mike McCready’s smashed guitar at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Just your everyday small mage tower.
I found these two doll heads buried about 2 feet down in my back yard (house is from 1800's)
The wolf on this shirt looks like the inspiration for so many bad tattoos
This dog in the next stall over has a dog for a butt
The shadow of these chairs look like piano keys
The wear and tear on my 8yo shoes (left) vs a fresh pair (right)
This show has been making me want to make a meme
This sycamore seed ball looks like a guy with an afro
I found an uncirculated Denver Mint penny!!
Just replaced my trusty 8yo Converse (left) with a fresh pair (right)
I found a Lucky Denver Mint penny!
My Rubik cube collection
This coaster is a golf scorecard
My grandma chose out our mario themed bathroom
Two Lemonheads in one package.
A SF logo made out of coca-cola for the super bowl
I could see the full arch of a rainbow today
Once an abandoned wooden rollercoaster, Guazi is reopening this year, as a hybrid wood/steel coaster reusing some of the original wooden structure
Since y'all thought I was lying in my last post, here's a gif of my lemon tree with regular and giant lemons.
The inside of a Pepsi can
This Abortion is healthcare t-shirt
The shadow of the building lined up with the "seam" in the pavement
This very creative use of an ampersand
At a restaurant where all of the table caddies have reading glasses in them
You can see your fingerprint through the edge of my glass table
My odometer is a palindrome; what do I win?
My dogs watching Attenborough
Title Crawl on a certain streaming service is in French!
The Football Hall of Fame power poles look like field goal uprights
These waffles have holes in them so they can catch honey better
The stem of this strawberry grew out the side rather than the top
The forklift at my work left the trailer of a little man made out of powder.
My red pepper had testicles
The cool sky from where i am
if i didn’t know any better, i’d swear my hot mustard said ..
Trail of an airplane as I was getting a long exposure shot of the night sky
I think this strawberry came from Chernobyl...
This dog cart
The fruit in my wine glass looks like a smiley face.
Made a really cool nebula paperweight. Picture shows it with and without back lighting. So happy with it.
Today's date is a palindrome in most countries.
My great grandpa's hand forged spoon he made 100 years ago
I’ve been eating at Chicfila for as long as I can remember. Never have I seen a perfect rectangle waffle fry
Wanted to get a pic of 69% battery, ended up getting the indicator to change right as I took the picture
Found an old book that still had the original receipt inside.
Feather clouds seen on sunset
Today is a rare palindromic date. Across all countries. This hasn't happened in 700 years.
This tree that the beavers are trying to take down
What fresh hell is this?!?
This old Pac-Man arcade has its layout burned in
I’ve never seen this before
Wine bottle pun
Website asking for my birth day lists their numbers oddly
The water lines on these trees create a weird effect
Magnetic Knife
These are the some of the “smaller” lemons I pick from my tree. 180lb 5’9” male hand to scale
A cool pepper with weird lines and a red tip
Hockey Logo Made in Chainmaille
This quarter with a slight dent
This orange foam from cleaning my mortar and pestle
Fillling out a form, and this is the date today!
This strange double-hamburger roll I found at work today.
This spot on my nail look like the USA
this accidentally perfect cross cut of a jolly rancher’s crunch n chew
My local library has a "blind date with a book" shelf. You only choose a book by the reviews on the front.
My grandpas a creep
A splinter in my hand that looks like the Nike logo
Construction site in Norway using long LED light cables for illumination
Your camera can see the infrared light from remotes.
The candle that failed
It's officially February 1st and the neighbors still have their xmas lights on.
This brownie mix has direction for high altitude
These really old coins I found
This tiny jellybean in a bag full of normal ones
The heat of my take out pasta melted the shredded cheese
Stop button on bus for people in wheelchairs
An oyster restaurant I was at had a tiny fork
This table in Dunkin Donuts has a bunch of coffee beans in it
Spotted in a local elementary school
These two puzzle pieces that were not fully cut apart. I have worked a lot of puzzles and this was a first.
This beer field for the super bowl
The temperature setting of my car
Came across this the other day...
A coupon at HEB
Two identical unopened cheeses, but the left one is fresh and the right is several months older.
The top of my Oreo got put on upside down
A company sources water from the DMZ and markets it as being “untouched by man for over 60 years”. The DMZ (demilitarized zone) is a 160 mile long “no man’s land” that serves as a buffer between North and South Korea in accordance w/ the 1953 ceasefire.
The time on my car
Beer foam looks like continental US
Ancient punishments for bad musicians.
Magnetic Knife
Ice patterns on my car
Ice patterns on my car
A Christmas tree made out of kegs in the center of a culdesac, in February
This door that looks like a bookshelf
Packing material
It's not Pepsi I swear
My friend Ally (5’2 with an attitude, ginger, 102 pounds, forest green eyes, peppered freckles) found this rock the size of my foot
Yeti selling canned air.
This wine has braille on its label
a match burning
This mirror light switch cover.
This is what a plant looks like out of a concrete pot
This sign for the bathroom in a cafe
Tearing out the lawn to lay concrete. Day 1.
Crustless Bread 👀
No smoking at drive thru window sign posted at McDonalds.
a potato I found in the bag of potatoes I bought
Bourbon was sold in this bottle.
This complimentary toothbrush at a holiday resort in Tenerife folds into itself to cover the bristles so they don't get dirty
This 1930’s ad shows how to avoid getting an electrical shock.
The way my dog's toenails match the color of the fur they grow out of
this rose shaped ice cream
Windshear effect during landing.
This Child Sized Suit of Armor I Saw At The Cleveland Art Museum
The reflection from my hotel lamp looks like the Smash Bros. Logo
The headlight on my Jeep has a Jeep in it.
The shower drain on the Carnival Dream ship is a ship wheel.
The way my orange juice separated
I found this in the girls toilets at the university I go to in Edinburgh
Phone on max brightness right in your view.
This is trippy...
My right thumb doesn't close as tight as my left.
The way i ate this watermelon...
This frozen ice looks like it's rusty
I got a stack of sequentially numbered bills from the ATM
This cat has Grumpy Cat in its butt
cut into this lemon to have been revealed a perfect smiley face
The way a car pulled in and backed out of my neighbors driveway left hearts in the snow!
Tiny croissant on a shot glass
My cousin makes Minecraft characters/accessories using mini rubber bands.
This new ATM has you insert your card horizontally
This hawk(?) eating a pigeon on the sidewalk in the middle of the city
My University designed little robots to deliver food to people across campus.
My chicken sandwich from Chick-fil-A wasn’t smashed or cut it was plain and perfect
50LBS of Beanie Babies headed to the Dominican Republic with MACLA
My foot.
Trying out at growing plants and my Cilantro is growing from the Seed.
The official bread of the Portland Trail Blazers is white bread.
These mushrooms were packed...tomorrow?
My dishwasher cleaned my glasses so throughly, it cleaned the color off one of the shot glasses..
I forgot about this onion on the windowsill for a few weeks and found it had sprouted multiple petals
Someone really didn't want a credit card
Birds in a row on electrical wiring
Birds in a row on electrical wiring
This hand-crafted salt die made from a Himalayan salt crystal
Hairless Guinea Pig at my local pet store
The way this tree grew around barbed wire.
A fake security camera to scare off criminals
A dancing rat
This deck of minion cards
This discarded teabag has disintegrated leaving the string and tag attached and flapping in the wind
Chicken egg yolk vs. Duck egg yolk.
One of these screws is not like the others.
The house next door has different colored roof tiles
This crossword puzzle in my local paper only had one vertical.
Bokchoy looks like roses when sliced.
This banana peel wet floor sign
The way this ice formed a perfect second window on my car window
My Shoes scream. Maybe because it’s goofy for me.
My cat went to sleep with criss-crossed arms
This cheezie I pulled from the bag that looks like Big Bird's leg.
My neighbor had the ghostbusters car parked in front of their house
The cheezie I pulled from the bag that looks like Big Bird'a leg.
My takeout bag from Moe’s still tells customers to follow them on vine
A London black cab covered in grass next to an old UK telephone box overlooked by some mild topiary on a roundabout in Oldham
Snoop Dog’s favorite face mask.
The snow makes it look like there’s a rock bridge between the two mountains in the distance.
My Sweettarts looks mildly infected
My pinky is crooked. The other one is straight. I think its because the way i right.
This label maker that makes braille lables.
The reflection off the stool kind of looks like a nervous system
Overflown water drain caused little whirlpool
Mini Cooper has union jack as the taillights
Overflown water drain caused a little whirlpool
It looks like a snake is coming out of this apple
Automatic manure scraper
Heart potato
Heart potato
I found a strange-looking misprinted bag of chips at the store.
Encapsulated in a bubble at ScienceWorks
All my gushers were red
New Corona virus mask spotted. Effectiveness under scrutiny. # 11 also comes with Pork.
A faulty warheads packaging, the package on the bottom has two, and the top has nothing
Inside a Credit Card (note: personal information censored/edited)
This faucet was dripping and created this bubble with air inside.
These water drops in a spiderweb
This perfectly split piece of toilet paper
This rivet I hammered out looks like a to hat
chance encounter
This prehistoric point made of petrified wood I found
My local brewery is patenting cardboard(compressed) 6 pack rings in place of traditional plastic.
This metal thing was in my Miller 12 pack
Bit into an M&amp;M missing its chocolate
Stumbled upon Dwayne Johnson in the woods
This tiling in my Jewish friends apartment building..
Chips stuck together
Chips stuck together 😂
Counter top oven
Maybe a little late, but here is 2019! (Green is the best, like is 2nd best, blue is meh, purple is bad, and deep purple is awful)
This lift has two sets of buttons, yet only one set works.
I forgot my timer on for over a year
My bowling alley had a demonstration on how to get a spare or strike
A "decomposition" notebook with cat astronauts
This Shadow Has 3 Solid Shades of Grey
I found a mike and Ike that looks like a finger
My guitar calbe made this...ball
My guitar calbe made this...ball
My work's banana shaped wet floor sign
The urinals at this mall have a place to set your bag
This design
These decade old comments on the video of Steve introducing FaceTime for the first time.
A double grape I randomly found on a vine.
There's a hedgehog in my pocket he is so cute!!
This concept car from 2013 looks like the recently re-designed AM Vantage
A bizarre tidbit (tiddit/tibbit) to help you find uniqueness in your day. On February 2, 2020 (02022020) it will be the first time in over 8 years since the date was a palindrome — on November 2, 2011 (11022011). Until we meet again…12022021.
A small patch of frost or snow that had yet to melt on the beach
This statue in Nasville, Tennessee that was made ugly on purpose.
Geothermal pools in New Zealand
The pattern of these bubbles in our basin before doing the washing up
This statue
This puzzle I completed came with an obviously incompatible piece
Kid with a wooden spoon on the gym floor
My grandpa has a clock that says what day it is.
Super smooth round rock.
The arrow on this ball compass is designed to point south.
This Canadian Toonie split in two when it went through the wash
I just found a deck of slang flashcards. The examples are all pretty funny.
This tree looks like it has been twisted.
This drink named “P*ssy”
My parent's toilet paper doesn't use a toilet paper roll
A different perspective
Books on a random driveway saying “Help yourself!”
These dog treats at H&amp;S Feed have directions for use
This tri color mystery dumdum
Just got change in 2$ bills
From a memorable trip I had a few years ago
This wine cork with a map of the world
Do not remove this label...... (with what bleach?)
I had a bad ski crash 10 years ago and the hospital sent me some of the metal used to fix my broken leg.
My grandma gave me her Yugoslavian money she got before the war
The bowling alley I went to has a demonstration on how to get a strike
I had a bad ski crash 10 years ago and the hospital sent me the some metal that was used to fix my broken leg.
Pinball machine at my work keeps telling me AIDS is real.
Hand sharpener ended up making a perfect Fibonacci spiral
This price of ice that looks like an Eagle
The baby in this in flight safety pamphlet is clearly an adult.
I lit incense and instead of the ash breaking off every so often, it formed this nice little coil until it was completely burned
This urinal at a local brewery
Flavours of Milk in Australia
House I just bought has a furnace made by General Motors.
An original drawing of Cthulhu by H.P. Lovecraft
The reflections from the building behind me aligned with this entrance, creating the "door"
A brewery I went to has their Yelp reviews posted in their bathrooms.
This “laxative yoga” advertisement at a bus stop of one of the busiest intersections in Chicago
Looks like someone wants a kiss
The way the water froze in my bong
This rock I found looks like a Dinosaur Skull
The "Door"
I found a perfect little cane shaped stick in the woods.
Miller high life - champagne mode
This car is a chalk board
This danger sign at a downtown construction site
A red Lowe's.
These are actually Company names. Interesting way of Marketing in Japan.
The lines on this interstate are orange
Life always finds a way - grass growing in the crevices of the metal park bench in my front yard.
Reflections on my son’s eye
12 foot(4m) high beaver mansion and work area I came across today in Massachusetts
This phat giraf
This part of Bangkok is so nicely planned.
The reflection of the water in my water dispenser created a cool rainbow effect on the floor
Mexican Jalapeño Flavored M&amp;Ms
Same say I have too many emails, I say "Im too lazy to clear them out, it's satisfying to me."
Our birds make square nests.
The Nike store in Mall of America has waffle iron castings on the walls.
A show in 2015 predicted 2020
This museum in Las Vegas that preserves old neon signs from their city
Subway sub Sanquhar sandwich
This Carrot from a 2# Bag of regular ones
The way the water dries on the path into the museum
Iconic character day at my school
This single use toothpaste tube.
Electrical box painted to match the bricks
Close your eyes and visualize a red star. If you see #1 you might have Aphantasia.
A rootless leafless pothos bit I had when propagating I decided to leaf in water managed to sprout 2 leaves and a few root nodes
Melted glass bottle in the braai
Found outside my local fire station. It’s not the main station. What are the things mounted on the light post? I thought maybe a tornado siren. What is it?
Sams Club Shows What Food Goes Best With What Wine
Staples picked up by a magnet. Looking like a mineral.
This miniature examining room inside a vet’s examining room
This reassuring message in a pub I went to
Cutting out the middle man
Is it just me noticing this or does anybody else think that there's something weird about the ability to obtain a five digit score in the diamond league on Duolingo?
Leatherback sea turtle fighting for its life before being freed from crab lines off Florida's gulf coast. Sea turtles from all species get entangled in crab trap lines after mistaken the buoys for jellyfish.
Double powerade wrapper. Never, ever, double wrap kids.
How small this McDonald's sign is
My spatula has a little stand so it doesn’t touch the counter
This mannequin I found at a thrift store
This Mary mother of Jesus mosque in Abu Dhabi
smiley egg
I have a half of a Skittle.
This stain in the bathroom ceiling at the restaurant I work at looks like a crying man/baby.
This chalkboard in a restaurant bathroom to discourage vandalism
Two toddlers performing CPR
This ball I made. It's only ink cartridges, no adhesive used.
This windshield crack formed a circle.
Straw that has been stamped sealed
US to the rest of the World communication lines in 1944
The guy on the fake cover for Stephen King's Misery kinda looks like Stephen King
This Italian restaurant has straws made with pasta
It seems it takes 1 whole year for the MTA in NYC to replace an elevator
leaf shadows during the eclipse (2017)
What do you see?
I found a mento that looks like kirby
One of my cuts is in the shape of a heart
My egg had two yolks
The trimming of a hedge.
This huge lemon.
This church with its steeple by its side.
Central Park uses mulched Christmas trees as a way to keep the paths dry.
I only have 1 joint in my pinky
2020 imagined by a 1995 magazine
How wholesome this is.
Jurassic park
Central Park uses mulched Christmas trees as a way to keep the paths dry.
My CouchSurfing host has a sink built into his toilet. When you flush, the water runs through the sink and into the water tank.
A Bluetooth adapter I recently purchased came with this mini DVD (Duke Nukem 3d for scale)
~$1500 USD of gold ( quarter for size )
Hey, that's pretty neato. My 3 year old found this; wasnt helpful. But cool for the people who need it!
My dogs coat reveals a totally different color when shaved.
I put a $100 bill in a self checkout machine and got all $5 in change
I found a chain of SEVEN mini granola bars while packing boxes at a food bank this morning
Pygmies where - and maybe still is - the shortest tribe in Africa
this car
The number of upvotes would make my showerthought come true.
This bottle of diluting juice I bought was very full.
My dogs coat hides a completely different color when shaved.
This double yolk egg
Snail mail took 26 years to get to me.
Cat With 6 Toes Asleep On Ernest Hemingway’s Bed
I still can’t wrap my head around the fact that the washer spins so fast that you can’t see the hockey gloves in there
I was working for this lady, and I told her that I liked her head of Jimmy Hendrix, she told me that her deceased husband carved it and she didn’t know who it was.
This Fancy Toothpick
My shower head has a champagne setting.
The look of a completely burned C4 Corvette
Found this guide to the symbols on clothes tags while shopping!
My fortune cookie was a 2 in 1!
This box of French medicine that has information in Braille
We are gearing up for the Super Bowl in KC, but I don’t think this quite had the effect they were looking for!
Thought you folks might enjoy my moustache mug!
This Burger king at the Helsinki central railway station
A U-turn red light
Found this little guy on a hiking path.
As opposed to.....what?
I cracked 2 double-yolk eggs in a row
My Shampoo has raised Stripes and my Conditioner has raised Circles to help blind and visually impaired people tell them apart.
Triangle inner kiwi
Opened up the new bag &amp; found a super-sized Cheez-It
My chik fil-a chicken patty is shaped like a chicken !!!
Found out that my pant pocket has another smaller pocket inside of it.
Found out that my pant pocket has another smaller pocket inside of it.
Never buy coffee stirs again
These two reflections from opposite sides of the parking lot combine into a seamless truck-van.
My supermarket has robots. Today is his birthday.
My neighbours still have their christmas tree up and running
My friend got this as a gift for his birthday. It’s actually his dogs head. I had to share it.
Dunkin puts "cash next dollar" when paying in cash.
My moms clementine had another baby citrus in it.
Hawaiians know what's up.
This huge tic tac box has mini tic tac boxes inside
My parents bought a lighter that uses an electric arc instead of fuel
You got to be careful, to not rip your head of. 10.7 HP is no joke.
Raw bok choy: one from a regional grocery store, one from local Asian grocery. You can guess which. Answer in comments
Found my grandfather's old charge plate, basically the original credit cards
Went to Italy a few years back. Still have a bit of currency.
Taking a stain out of my husband’s shirt look what the detergent turned into!
Montreal public transport agency (STM) is doing snow drift test on the new electric bus
This beer has a 360 degree ring pull
Search for AUSTRALIA OPEN on google and swipe to the right on the categories until you see a green ball. Tap on it and you can play this Tennis game.
Found this penny under the corner of my mouse pad at work. The copper has been warn away to show the metal underneath.
The only visible change I’ve seen in South London since the Coronavirus hit the news (photo taken in my local supermarket today).
My great grandmother passed away before she could finish knitting my baby blanket. My grandma finished the rest.
That's not quite right..
Baby Yoda head made by a 3rd grader out of a GoGo sqeeZ lid
These toy trucks are already ”dirty”
Local Amish built a new barn with wood from my parent’s land
My daughter's (upside-down) Storm Trooper socks were very excited about story time today!
Is this a Chicken in my beer or America?
A twisted tree up the field from my house
Found in the same carton
This pedialyte cap that can be flipped over and used to cut the foil before first use.
This homemade fret down holder.
The headrest is completely different from all the others.
this rock i found while hiking that looks like a slice of pizza
The ‘best by’ date got printed partially on the lid
This large French fry at my favorite diner.
milk jug wishes me an early happy Valentines day
This Rythym instrument I made to play while my friend plays guitar.
I legit saw them right next to each other when browsing, what are the chances? (Also found from PewDiePie Submissions)
This toy truck got a ticket
This cyclops tree.
Toilet paper with no tube inside
The buses in Denmark add these cute little signs when they’re on a coffee break
Found some coins in my old car that I imported from Japan
The way my coffee maker made these coffee grounds look like they are screaming from being scalded to death
this straight banana. as per rule #1 this is just bananas no memes here
Found these little things on the peel of my banana.
My husband's eco-friendly car
I found a fossilized snail
This stores reminder E-Mail
This pattern formed on my butter knife just after I cut a slice of butter off.
These two kinda look the same
My water bottle froze in my fridge
This crescent wrench comes with a nut inside.
Someone posted a picture of a ghost smiley in their beer... I found a Ghost flipping me off on a car.
Just a bus towing a truck with a car in it
Just a bus towing a truck with a car in it
A twisted tree up the field from my house - lightening strike you think??
Six people can have their own key and each one can open the gate!
The designs on my hiking socks form a topographical map.
This Rising Cane's cup has sunglasses printed on it
This pepper in my pepper.
My cat has 3 white hairs on his ear
This pot of flowers that was shot into space
This pot of flowers that was into space
Dog’s wiener looks like a little version of him!
The snow on my patio table only slid off halfway and stayed as one piece
The way this water bottle froze.
Dogs wiener looks like a little version of him!!
This live plant “painting”
Conjoined Triplet Mint Imperials!
The oldest thing that you can touch - Royal Observatory, Greenwich, London.
These icicles that are pointing towards my house
My mom used a spoon to make a drink and when she put it in a cup of water to rinse it it left the shape of the spoon on the surface of the water
This singular icicle on a broken branch. No other icicles in the area.
This Braille sign is mildly insensitive to the visually impaired.
This random spider was caught in a picture frame
I found out we have an unopened container of Kobe Bryant sponsored Nutella from 2002.
The stream lines on my Tupperware
Disney was putting clues about future moovies in zootopia
In Austrian Supermarkets they tell you what food pairs well with the wine
Inside of a cheese-it
This produce sticker went through the wash, and only the bar code faded away.
This airplane seat has a holder for your tablet instead of a screen
This bathroom mirror has a tv built in. Not pictured, naked me.
Enhanced the image so you can see better. There's a skull in my bread.
The sinks in Publix
Enhanced the image so you can see better. There's a skull in my bread.
I got this bottle of honey from a dealer and just found out it has a bee inside.
The way this Instagram model wears her flesh tunnels
Why did somebody do this
He lost a patch of fur, his tiger stripes are clearly visible now
Incision from yesterday's surgery closed with tissue adhesive instead of stitches
My mug fits perfectly on my coaster
The ripple in these clouds.
This cool sky picture that i took at summer.
Frost on the ground in the shape of the tree shadows.
My brother's starburst had a normal piece and two halves on different pieces
My brother's starburst had a normal piece and two halves on different pieces
This border runs through a swimming pool so you could say I swam from California to Nevada
long onion from inside ... so excited going to cook it
Comparison of a needle and the tip of a bee stinger.
I didn’t know that cars were compostable.
Have a photo of a Xbox 360 16 pin skart plug I found today
Zoom in on my sweet corn skin. Just sayin' !
I got a double yoked egg at a diner in New York!
The world is just a cat playing with Australia
Hollow strawberry
Hollow strawberry
Hollow strawberry
This square of Cheetz-its I just found
A lightbulb shattered and the glass had enough force to puncture the can
Was throwing around this penny and it landed perfectly between the elastic band and rubber part of my headset
I found an upvote in the negative space between my fingers
Playing Republic Commandos: “Fixer” (40) just fell off the map. He’s just gone from this save game now
The happy face on my cheese grater
Japanese Sony is balanced as good as Japanese katana
The way the frost is only in the shade.
found this in shoprite
This battery stand has another battery on it
Inside a ps4, there is a screw that has the same symbols as the buttons on the controllers
Reddit measures font size in fruits
This really vivid and close double rainbow outside my house in Stirling, Scotland
My tortillas inflated!
My kitkat has no wafer inside.
It took me far too long to notice what was wrong with this clock...
The way this keyboard is layed out
Did he feel it? Yikes!
This space between these trees for the power lines
The town we vacationed in has red street lights to not mess with the wildlife.
A cat's eye in bright sunlight.
Pepperidge Farm is a real brand, not just a meme. As a European I had only ever seen Pepperidge Farm in meme form until I found these cookies in the supermarket
I got an oil change this morning. Today is 02/01/2020
Who’s going to finish their drink first
2 spoons in 1 package
Someone tried to chop this tree down and a new tree grew through the stump
This is called volcanic lightning, and it occurs when an eruption creates static electricity.
I managed to capture a single lightning bolt on my way to NYC
My 8yo and his friend were "texting" in class
Slap Chop from 1977.
Godzilla and Dumbo
These mannequins in Vietnam that are missing half of their heads
never seen long onion like this before ..saw it in market and bought it
Local Lego factory.
These updates to the age of the universe at the American Museum of Natural History
Haven’t ever really seen dimples (??) like mine so here ya go.
China’s list of “honors and shames” from 2006 president Hu Jintao
This Target children's model has cerebral palsy
This ping pong table made of a garbage dumpster
This bracket has a bear face.
Hedgehog with no spikes
The Reddit Upvote viewed through a microscope
I saw a long Condensation trail during a flight.
7 months ago my fingernail was torn off falling from my bike. This is how its regrown.
This bike rack I saw looks like a massive lock and key
Kraft cheese, but made in Bahrain
This heart or butterfly shaped strawberry.
Mini continent of Africa on my thermos
The Kelloggs logo lines up when I stand next to my fridge
Blind rubix cube
When focused as narrow as possible on my head torch you can see the circuit on the chip projected onto the door
The little holes to hold your tools (on top of a ladder) look like small screaming faces, and it really does when you have a screwdriver through their little eyes! :(
The way this tomato grew
The little holes to hold your tools look like small screaming faces, and it really does when you have a screwdriver through their little eyes! :(
Ice Orchid finally bloomed , matches old wallpaper next to it. I thought it produced white petals.
This Cloud looks like a stairway to heaven
This can of Korean soda has braille on the top
never realized people take these outside the store
How the frost is thawing on my patio
Someone posted a national debt billboard. Here’s the one in Times Square. It updates by the second.
Pringle has a bumpy brown layer on it
Strange out of place rain cloud
This double rainbow I saw today
Visited the US for the first time and ordered a cup of black tea with milk. This is what came out.
A clear bathtub
My new Sodastream promotes peace and harmony
This balloon floating horizontal to the string holding it down
This beach in Finland has little cones you carry to your sunbathing spot to hold your cigarette butts
The water heater was dripping so my father decided to fix it.
My sister's cat (Left) and my cat (Right) with very similar color patterns born 10 years apart and 3000 miles away
One of my grandfathers World War II certificates
This motivational quote.
How unusual my spoon looks this morning
This super wrinkly ironing board.
Found a 1 dirham (UAE currency) on the sidewalk in india
The label on this bottle of ketchup
A naturally occurring grape-stalk man! Revealed himself whilst I was making a fruit salad, firm friends by noon.
My husband's eco - friendly car
How these icicles formed creepy fingers.
Bottle full of cigarettes
Painting by American John Trumbull depicting the presentation of the draft of the Declaration of Independence to Congress
This ice on the deck that looks like mountains
The way the ice formed makes it look like the paint is peeling off worse than it is.
My husband's eco - friendly car
This giant 1.5 liter beer
Cut some rubber hose and it left a cloud in the shop
Headphones cable somehow caught in zip loop
Just found out that on iPhone, the clock app icon moves to show current time and I thought it was... mildly interesting
5 gummy bears were connected in my haribos
Oyster Shells Recycle Bin
Trump, or Owen Wilson??
Aliens? How did my headphones cable get threaded in that metal loop attached to the zip on my bag. If anyone has any idea I'd love to hear it. Had to use pliers to get it out..
this coke machine radio my buddy has in his car
Mutated finger of marijuana leaf grows completely straight
The way this ice grew out of the ground
Japanese police cars have lights with mechanical lifts for improved visibility in traffic.
I (accidentally) traced the trajectory of the ball in a pong game in Python
I (accidentally) traced the trajectory of the ball in a pong game in Python
happy tree friends matches
Um when do you need this many hashtags?
Our bent teaspoons.
This almost perfect shot of my dog
I found a Tangerine with the shape of a Lemon!
This barber chair for kids
Flight density difference between Europe and Africa
This Old Piano Flower Planter
What we leave in the end
The perfect croc dog shot
A snail I found on my clothes line
This wrinkled egg i saw at the local market
More people use the elevator to the 2nd floor than to the 3rd floor. All apartments with no vacancies
I found $521 on the ground
I got the perfect amount of halos (currency on Bayonetta)
My Ice Tray Grew an Arm
Google gives Easter egg when looking up the location where Alan Turing and team cracked the German Enigma
These rows of clouds I saw out my plane window
The way the ice glitters on the garbage bin
A fabric rice package
My headphones case that looks like toothless
This safe in my hotel room uses credit card as password
This right side of a Kit Kat with no wafers
Georgian Airways boarding passes still show an option for smoking.
He’s a real nobody
Top part of this door goes against the grain.
My brothers phone was able to pick up the brightness of a row of satellites
Countries I’ve dreamt about since 01 June 2017.
The Swedish branch of Nintendo have a giant Mario outside of their office
Young Joseph Stalin was actually really attractive
This subway station’s trash collection area collects waste liquids in a water cooler bottle
Someone made this installation in the middle of the forest.
This headphone knob actually goes up to 11
un-punched milk handle
There was a fly sticker in my urinal
Bought a wrinkled egg
What has happened to the lucozade lids?!?!
This download speed.
My clementine is pregnant
The way this cup broke...
Starlink (above NZ)
I put blueberries in the pancake mix and got alien pancakes.
I put blueberries in the pancake mix and got alien pancakes.
This plug at a mall has an Usb port
Football field in Henningsvaer, Norway - cost: USD 83 million / Euro 74 million
Peanuts in a bottle
This helicopter transforms from a helicopter into a plane.
The Reddit upvote on my phone's screen under a microscope
This man’s face in a lightbulb.
The way this wall/seating can slide back to hide the coffee area when the hotel switchesfrom breakfast to lunch/dinner
This bathroom cleaner claims it actually works!
The gift I made my wife for Valentine's Day. It's a wreath of wooden hearts with a mirror in the center. It's inscribed with all the things I see in her that I want her to see in herself.
Thailand Ronald McDonald
The humidity was so intense that this happened
This library has a bookend that actually makes sense.
Former X-Play host Adam Sessler goes on a belligerent political tirade defending Hilary Clinton on Twitter
This very grumpy car
This 'Clear' button that is more worn than the 'Enter' button on this Pay at Pump keypad
My sisters beer has a ghost smiley
The effect cooking rice had on my pot.
I told my 5-year-old to use the blocks to visualize 20. That’s what he did.
This bathroom has stairs to access the sinks
The eggs I bought have feathers on them.
This cafe has blankets for people that are cold, the text is in Arabic and translates to “Are you cold?”
This pizza roll was empty, pretty much just a baby sopapilla
These eggs (on the left in each picture) one of my new chicken laid (shes young, still getting into the hang of laying)
My parents' house broom is made of wheat
A tree branch carved from a tree.
This box fits almost perfectly in the hole
Accidentally made welding look like crashing waves
Bill Gates is so rich that at his current earning power of $114/second, he would make back a $100 bill he drops even before he had the time to pick it back up
The top of the Xbox Series X looks like one of those jittery moving image illusions
This old Casio watch from 1996
This Korean dictionary uses one big battery instead of two AAAs.
This carrot in a twist
Bill Gates is so rich that he makes $114 in interest per second, meaning it would literally be a bad investment for him to take the time to pick up a $100 bill he drops
The way these cans lined up.
Bill Gates is so rich that he makes $114 in interest per second, meaning it would literally be a bad investment for him to take the time to pick up a $100 bill he drops
The shadow of my toaster looks like a brain
This pun on the side of this Snapple bottle.
My phone has extremely detailed vibration patterns
Paint job of a Team Astana cyclist on a bus
Paint job of an Team Astana cyclist on a bus
This one smiling grape that’s about to become a raisin
The step on this track
This weather system
This book is called United States, Republic of The Americas. This print was printed in 1857 and it’s pretty cool because it pre-dates the civil war.
This mutant lemon from my backyard
Dreamworld is offering free entry to the firefighters, volunteers, SES volunteers and their families in Australia this month, they also committed $50,000 to wildlife care facilities through Dreamworld Wildlife Foundation
This tomato cut itself in an interesting way
My Head Lit On Fire
The person who previously owned this ball named it Larry
There is another smaller peninsula in Florida.
This Oddly Shaped Bike
These batteries have Milf1 printed on them.
This bobcat that caught a rodent in my yard
My egg looks kinda like the Death Star.
Peeled the lid off a frozen fruit cup and this happened.
Take A Few Minutes To Relax: Philosophy of Life
The length of this leg hair I'm growing
The split between white and tan skin after wearing a band aid all day
I bought some glue and the length of the receipt matched the circumference of the bottle.
I waffled the healthy brown-rice dinner my mom made me!
Read my mind
The replacement adhesive of my pop socket picked up a perfect mirror image of the Apple logo of my phone.
A game of Crokinole played at a bar
Kitten bellybutton
15 minutes of mildly interesting facts
My drive to work in rural North Dakota looked like I was headed straight into a white void last evening
My German gas mask from ww1. Bought it for 10 bucks at a garage sale.
Close up of a pomegranate
Neil DeGrasse Tyson quoted himself in his book Astrophysics for People in a Hurry
How the static on these towel strings make them stand straight out.
My Mums new blood glucose tester connects wirelessly to her insulin pump which then calculates how much insulin to administer. It also charges via USB &amp; logs all her results for her doctor to view.
The way this broken window at the bus stop drapes over the railing
My little bites package came with an additional littler bite
The way this broken window at the bus stop drapes over the railing
The biggest chip I’ve ever seen
My coteacher wrote cheeseburger in five different ways: "cheese w/ beef," "beef," "cheeseburger," "beef cheese," &amp; "beef party cheese"
How YouTube displayed the next Tales From The Internet video from Whang!
This collection of old 90s Power Rangers stuff, great condition too. Regular customer gave these to me for free. I'm so geeked!
Wait, how much?
The math actually checks out.
The seeds in an old tomato I have are starting to sprout
The paper used for my birth certificate under a black light
A penny with a tails side I've never seen in my life. It's from 2009 with no mint letter on the front.
Hit this milestone today...
sumo mandarin vs kishu mandarin
The way my sister roasts marshmallows.
My evenly-price gas purchase this evening
So my sister drew on the top of a toilet paper roll
This black toothpaste
My milk bottle still had the injection moulding the handle
Bart Simpson looks like the Mississippi State
If you turn the album cover of “Funeral” by Lil Wayne upside down it says “lil wayne”.
This singular shoe that was on the sidewalk by my college
This magazine/book from 1892 I found in a hole in the wall in a rental flat
Wonder where they got the charecter model from
My tree starts in our backyard but finishes on my neighbor's property.
Putting together some furniture from China and found this cigarette butt inside the protective foam.
New coffee shop owner new renovations old books
A prism refraction on a dog's tongue
Goodbye cake for a future gynecologist
The way this water spout froze
The subreddit r/Superbowl is for superb owls
This mini world
The chalk on this weight rack makes it look translucent
This dotted line on my boyfriend's Columbia hat is a message in Morse Code.
The way this clear tip delivers the ink
Neil DeGrasse Tyson quoted himself in his own book (Astrophysics for People in a Hurry)
Using a shoebox, lamp and my DSLR camera to copy old film into digital copies.
My capsicum does not have anything inside it.. no smo baby.. no bugs.. just seeds.. gotta be a first?
this movie ticket is almost 10 years old
The way my family closes the cereal box
My dads mug says you have to be 14+ to use it
I was trying to craft a PEACE sign out of wire and it looks like a stick figure running for peace...
5 stories up on scaffolding when I discovered a note in someone’s window.
The shape of the barcode on my pizza box
This take out fork was made without tines
Snow coming off the room off of a fire hall in the Upper Peninsula.
These custom tokens I found at our shop
This Bell pepper had a pepper ball sack growing inside it
These Phillip Glass lyrics
Opened my glue to find a shell of the nozzle
This used book I bought has a weird hole in the side of it.
Dog with refracted light on its tongue.
The negative space in my rocking chair looks like a Beavis and Butthead.
A round boat in Vietnam
These 'Iraqi's Most Wanted' playing cards
Like rating has been balanced since Senate vote results video was uploaded
Our theatre ran out of Z's
This is not photoshopped and there's no filter. He really had a prism refraction on his tongue.
This puzzle of the 80’s has tank man in the top left corner
Can didn't open right
I work at a hotel and today our system glitched and sent us back to 1899
Braided carrots from my garden
This period on the local court house
The billboard of national debt I pass everyday
My oatmeal cream pie is a miss print and has some chocolate on it
My purple nerds came with a pink one
My budgie lost this tiny feather
My uncle’s house has an outlet mounted diagonally and the holes next to it look like a surprised face.
I’ve worn out a small patch of my steering wheel with my ring from always holding the same spot
Amc knows their nacho cheese is good.
This restaurant lets you make sushi pizza
This lone cloud mildly resembles Britain.
Ordered a sake bomb at my local ramen spot, and the bubbles formed a fishy!
A hole in my car door handle is perfectly dime-sized
A pine tree growing in an oak tree
This portrait of Ken Curtis (Gunsmoke's Deputy Festus) looks remarkably like Rip Torn
An unshaded traffic light
This traditional jam band hired a beatboxer instead of a drummer to fit better in smaller settings.
I was searching Pthirus pubis on google, and fresh crab showed up as one of the results
Gallery at my school had a little robot drawing the art on the wall
How the print is on the lid
An inspiring juxtaposition
Good Boi hole
An inspiring juxtaposition
See those legs coming out of the corner? That’s a spider, trying to escape from my staircase support.
My country's (Singapore) national paper included this advisory on the Wuhan Virus in today's copy
My flashlight has a sos setting.
My Frut By The Foot came with 2
This art that I found on the back of a science textbook
The perfect flip!
Little project my friend has been working on whilst she’s been sick from school.
First time I see this bridge open, surprised it works. (South Quay, London)
These giant horse sculptures
This subreddit just hit 17 million
This keychain is made from decommissioned airplane skin
This lonesome chive in my takeout miso soup looks like a heart
A heart shaped leaf
I was randomly looking at egypt on google maps and found the location of that recent video on reddit where they were running on those weird stones
Gotta have goals.
My earbud cables ties up like a treble clef
Sea otters chilling in this harbor
This hospital door used to be an elevator.
Tennis ball cut in half
Found a well-preserved 7up bottle from the 1980s buried in my garden with some 7up (presumably) still inside.
Replacing apartment windows high up on scaffolding when I stumbled on this note in someones 5th story window. Made my day!
My notebook in sync
This bird imprint on my window at work.
Our tech line-up from 2004 (far left is a kids toy).
Taking up 2 spots at a Gas station
The face inside the margarine container...
Not Your Average Twisty Puzzles
The franklin institute in Philly has a giant walk through heart model
My friend found a suggestive Cheeto
Some guy posted a picture of some "hidden art" or something in the "demon hallway" at his college. This is the picture.
My math teacher's clock
This reversable usb
Pinatas in the produce isle
I'm known for my fork skillz. Just landed this 4pcLeaner. #CroutonChallenge.
Looks like boobs and the word bra.
This vanity plate
Was stopped at a light, looked down, and noticed this.
This Swedish supermarket offers customers air-conditioned parking spaces for dogs to wait while they shop.
A car with headlight wipers
PayPal spelled "easy" wrong in an automatic email sent to me
Accidentally made art in welding class
Your submission appears to break our rules, and therefor has been removed.
Tape being added to a sawhorse every day for 7 years
My local post office has a comma placed backwards in the concrete casting and I just noticed it today after decades of using the same post office...
The restaurant im eating at has boiled sugar instead of normal sugar.
The water from my mom's wet clothes dripping into the bathtub look like shooting stars
I found six Narutomaki in my instant noodles today.
This magazine/book from 1892 I found in a hole in the wall in a rental flat. It's super old and yellow and has full short stories, untouched inside it.
Strand of a prestressed concrete beam
This magnet at my work has a spelling mistake.
Found this ironic
The way the water curves in this cup.
Accidental Jamaican flag painted on car park floor
الحصول مارس الجنس
A bike left a print after a rain shower
Tremolo bar in slow motion
888 Odometer - 8 years old / 80mph / 80000k Still Hummin... (Dodge Durango RT)
Limited Edition Bananas
Did you know Lysol kills Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) ?
The albulm is called Funeral. The trick is called an ambigram!
My bar popcorn looks like a penis and balls
My friend's sweet potato looks like a seal
This receipt that I got from my school book fair which had nothing printed on it.
Lay's in China gives a nice container tray for easy access to Chips.
Twice in one week!
"Ancient Chinese" version of International Chess
This vietnamese restaurant's sink and tap look like wood and bamboo
My 1984 German made Braun CD3 Compact Disc Player,
Today I got Tyler's returned gift from Amazon.
Our Price Chopper in Kansas City closing so folks can watch the Super Bowl.
The color of the wall blends in with the sky.
When the sun sets directly in the path of your peephole.
This could have been easily avoided or it’s a genius marketing stunt to share and call Jacob.
The warning on this coffee from my local burger place.
Evernote recommends reviewing my life insurance when I check sugar content in nutella
Weird clouds I saw last night over Sherwood Park, Alberta
The marks on this 2x4 naturally spell “hi” in all caps.
This tiny M&amp;M I found next to a dime
These conjoined mushrooms
This soda cup lid allows you to drink without a straw
This pizza place has a timeout chair.
The Rosetta Stone of the Future
Guys now look at your left arm. Do we all have this freckle in the same spot? Is this matrix?
I bet you didn't realise you can press and hold to move the "next comment thread" arrows wherever you like.
The way these lollies are coloured
This cabinet and hinges where the paint rubbed off looks like a car
McDonald
The ice pattern on my truck's roll-up bed cover
A vending machine for thongs (flip flops) in a major shopping centre.
Wife bought me a Saturn V Lego, it has 1969 pieces - the year of the moon landing.
BEST EVER tiny house walk thru video !!!
This lift looking like it's about to start walking away
My coffee formed into a heart when I added it to the milk
This tree grew through a fence!
This van that isn’t related to Krispy Kreme
The stone in this ring I made looks like a lady wearing a dress waving
This pharmacy changing ownership
Toilet seat has extra handle so you don’t have to touch the business part
This dude smoking a blunt
My wife tried to make a toy for our son. She accidentally built a Baby Trap.
So my backpack I ordered is in Wuhan City...
My mate so thicc he fits a book in the pocket
Big ass marshmallows
Big ass marshmallows
Got a KitKat without the wafer
A swiss army bike.
My dog &amp; Yoda.
How this cup fits in a cupholder
The way this oak leaf sunk in to the snow.
The way the walls line up
This McDonald’s has a single arch.
Water bottle is shaped like a bottle of water. Has a break in the middle so it can be easily filled in water fountains.
This speed limit sign that doesn't end in a 5 or 0.
The way these wild turkey tracks look like arrows
Stumbled upon the original Dunkin Donuts
Patrick Daugherty Montreal 2016
My webbed toes
I eat a lot of celery (lemon for scale)
Was able to change the WiFi info in our rental car...
A peeled blueberry
The way this albino alligator is being reflected from under water
Guy,in Ireland, who was fishing, reeled this in!
This massive banana
The bubbles in my beer are only coming off the etching of the letters inside the glass.
The way this rubber band landed on my desk
I just found out this hexagonal pavement with little exagonal paving bricks inside
Hot 3 new puzzles as a gift, there are letters on the back to help associate an area
An erect cactus.
This tiny bridge
Slightly surprised while browsing this sub a few minutes ago
This ice froze around the leaf. Not on top of it
My buddy made this leather case for me.
When you're thirsty and go for a stop at the gas station.
These oily spots look like a dog's paw
Long Curly fry from Arby’s
My acne kind of looks like Japan
Very old rusty hook and chain link I found sticking out of the sand near my local lake two years ago. I noticed that it is breaking being stored indoors where it is very dry.
I used a glove to eat popcorn. The glove is now covered in butter.
An abnormal and vaguely Totoro-shaped Strawberry
r/mildlyinfuriating said this would fit here better-the way the chips were stacked in my friends Pringles stack
All of these clocks are almost at the same time.
In 1905, the mayor of Tilburg(NL) banned confetti that was not the same colour during fairs and carnaval.
This teeny tiny little anvil I found
Three sword style 1080 Pound Pheonix
This Cardboard Cutout of a Policeman with a Radar Gun to Curb Speeding
This old phone charger for sale at a liquor store.
this Glacier Mist looks like it has a real glacier in it
Day of the dead theme CPR sign at a Mexican restaurant.
None of these knobs work. You actually just push the door open from the left side.
My cousin’s dog and her daughter’s toy horse are twins.
My toffee M&amp;Ms had a single nut with its shell gone
This chip company has a map of their factory for tours
My favourite chocolate tells you what sport you need to do and for how long to burn it.
For those living in warmer climates, this is how Canadians avoid freezing to death when waiting for the bus.
Newspaper from 1944 found in the wall of an old garage.
Inside the HERA tunnel in Hamburg
Part of my cities public bus fleet is plugin electric.
New license plate came in!
My favourite fortune
That's one way to get customers
Please stop reposting this
The design of the spilled water on my brother’s shirt
My local bus stops by a private airfield
This Chia Chewbacca on the curb looks like it's coming up from a swamp
Scalar headcheck
My calculator.
Vertical zig zag waterline on palm trees
At the trainstation in Zurich they put up a huge canvas over a construction side that looks just like the real building
Double yolk in my egg today
This copy of 1984 cost 19 dollars and 84 cents
Result of accidentally stabbing myself with an ink-covered Stanley knife, black ink around the very edge of the scar but red in the middle, causing a weird eye shape?
My 5 year old just found a 20 year old receipt in a dolls house chest of drawers.
Pidgeon nest out of cable binders. Found on a construction site in berlin
This Blue Stop Sign...
My tea today
By the time i noticed. Too late.
Dried paint on plastic sheeting looks like a monochrome Japanese Fantasyland.
This was found inside of a hotel wall during remodel. No idea who it is.
I found this chess piece on one of the peaks at Zion Observation Point, UT
Only one internal layer of this onion rotted
The paint chipped a smaller version of itself
Got a pack of mostly huge strawberries, $5 for scale
They way my “God Bless America” sticker on the mailbox of my home has aged since I put it on when I moved from Northern Ireland
Made this because I was bored
The replicator props on star trek: Picard are actual 3d printers, you can see the stepper motors and print beds
The shadow made by fused gummy bears in my bag looks like the profile of a person
Two little croissants that look like sloths
The way this oriental tree design subtly portrays the shape of coronavirus.
It took me way too much time to figure out why it looks like some ghost moved the middle candle shadow
A top that I have stopped spinning and stayed standing up
My sour skittles printed weird
A mother shamefully hides her face after listing her children for sale in 1948.
Gas station puddles in the winter.
From the side, this birdhouse looks like an upvote.
This Jeep table
Behold the Cutecumber!
The end grain on this wood makes an ALMOST perfect bullseye
My family’s phones for the past 20 years.
These baby cages were used in apartments in the 1930s to make sure the child got enough fresh air and sunlight. And danger
It stops halfway on the bottom.
This little girl sits with her doll in the ruins of her London home that was bombed in 1940
Page reload for Culture Pass is Pistachio. Every refresh - Pistachio.
Snow is finding its way inside the train that crosses the mountains between Bergen and Oslo
Before Elon made cars, he made e-cig/box vapes! (Teslacigs Nano 120)
this demonic mileage in my car today
The warning label on my mittens
As an avid minesweeper player, a 7 is pretty rare
tiny jelly bean
There is a rainbow halo around the shadow of the airplane
This Bus' electronic sign says RIP Kobe.
I got a siamese twin gummy
I got a siamese twin gummy
The way the snow and ice curl over the edge of the roof without falling off.
Here’s a great service: people bring dogs through the airport just so we can pet them!
the size of this avocado pit
Bottom of my coffee mug looks like a pine forest
One boot was closer to the wall than the other when I was rolling paint
The end of this screw that was exposed when splitting wood with it's head still buried in years of growth
My CFO took some time off to go to Miami for the super bowl and meets ole Old Town Road himself
triangle jelly bean.
big jelly bean
1 year of pressing the phone case power button with my nail.
My school has a staircase that labeled as 9 3/4 because of its similarity to Hogwarts (staircase is to the right of the doorframe)
This front yard.
Somebody put oranges on top of this gas station pump
This flag at my job has been out since July, it’s been able to dig out the first layer of mulch just by flapping around in the wind, making a near perfect semi-circle.
It looks like the girl from Derry girls has an extra tight grip on the woman from Great News' arm
This photo isn’t filtered, the bags are just discolored from being out in the sun
9x9 from Tim Hortons. We’re calling it the “Gretzky”
My husband's boss is Brad Pitt's brother
A picture on the roof of a smoking area
I found a rock painted to look like an Easter egg at my job site today
This strawberry
Found one in Indiana
This happy face on the drain when I was feeling down.
The pattern in this little frozen puddle
These crosswalk buttons are on the electrical box
The size of these Mexican pesos changes based on denomination.
This water fountain design (I am 15, only see crappy high school water fountains)
This "ufo sbducting cow" lamp I saw for sale on Facebook.
The bar I'm at lets you rent a power bank to charge your phone.
Had enough time in class to do this
A 13 seeded cucumber slice
You can still see the writing on the ashes of a burnt index card
Found what looks like a dead duiker (a small antelope) washed up on the beach
College I work at has an unknown art piece hidden in the "Demon Hallway"
This portable rocker
This lowercase stop sign.
This upright mouse at the DMV
Lights in my school library are "off" but are still producing light
This toilet door has a smaller door for kids
This hair tie stuck to the wall at my school
My laptop has a tiny switch that covers the webcam if you fear you’re being watched
This bug on my walk with a poor sense of the seasons.
Well this is what happens after a festival in India.
My phone shows one color while friends one shows other
I drew a fake chart on the glass - its reflection on the screen looks like the actual chart.
The size of this double yoke egg my chicken laid.
Ter stegen (Barcelona goalkeeper) looks line dancer in my physics book
These two triscuits fused together
These stairs
This piece of styrofoam that fits in this rock
This blank gas pump.
Recently had a haircut. I was scratching my head and a lone hair stabbed me.
A lone pull-up bar 1,100’ up in the mountains
I got bored in math class and drew one of those one-line scribbles, thought it looked cool.
I got bored in math class and drew one of those one-line scribbles. Thought it looked cool.
A shark in sexy lingerie
This poster inside the bathroom stall at the mall I went to.
I’m guessing the bags failed to get cut, and there’s only one bags worth contained
My friend’s lunch had a strange bag of goldfish in it...
This DVD Store's Nicolas Cage Shelf
The teeth from a beaver skull
Small kine snow in Arizona on our road trip.
Got 77777 the other day
Where can I rent a car in Venice?
The way the rocks are balancing at the Grand Canyon.
The way my fingertips lose circulation.
Misspelled label on some wood stain at my workplace
This crayon came with no tip
The indents my work boot laces made in half a year of wear
Northern Michigan sunset. Can't wait till summer. Winter sucks!
Our Illustration teacher plopped this old suitcase on the table. He told us to draw it in an interesting situation. Potato date night.
I found this leaf on a school desk. I followed orders.
Client is renovating an old bank into a medical office. Here’s the insides of the safe door.
The way this tree grew around this sign
My onion grew a thick layer of skin on the inside
Left the house for two weeks, came back to frozen toilet water
BMW has license plate that reads 'BMW'
These egg trays are shaped like Lego for kids to play with
The way this paint separated to look like the ocean under a blood moon sky.
A clear credit card
When pooping whilst sitting upright, one foot is supporting 27.8 lbs. When leaning and resting my elbow on my knee, it's supporting 43.6 lbs. 15.8 lb difference.
I got a pen that looks like a corn cob.
Next stop, Andromeda
This outfit is free
Found this in my cupboard today (lighter for scale)
A little smile at the bottom of this box!
Polarizing Lens on an LED Smart TV
I pissed on my hand
This new printer is not connected to wireless but thinks it’s connected to “DeathStar”
This outdated but timely sign
Inside a Redbox
My friend's chopsticks were called Bamboo Baguettes on the wrapping
This WeWork has an arcade cabinet with 1000's of games. They never screened for this... [NSFW]
ashtrays literally in the streets of amsterdam
Spotted WAY up North, that crow sure gets around
Oldest coin in the world at 2650 years old
the way my teacher stacked her expo markers today.
This ad has the sale price crossed out and the full price features as the deal.
Found a quartz formation that makes the perfect nike symbol!
me randomly checking my points in a twitch stream and them being identical to what i had on Tuesday
Orange peel man
My today's yogurt was accidentally packaged with a double cover
Who would’ve guessed
Weird stuff this. Hand sanitizer dispenser insides look like two statues from Easter Islands
Took a sip out of my coffee and the ripple formed into a heart shape all by itself
This green fire
Gentlemen, we've found it
Gentlemen, we've found it
How the butter concertinaed onto my knife
Decomissioned and shredded money fills the sidewalk cracks outside the Denver mint
Fire station in Start, Louisiana
I had a sandwich land on my mirror while eating crow
Went to Wales for work and the only attraction to visit in the area was a big pit (or so Google says).
This upside down light switch in my house.
This branch that wanted a different direction in life.
The way these icicles formed off my roof
This strawberry I found in my special k cereal.
The way this ink erases
I just received a call from 000-000-0000
This store’s parking lot has two lines between spaces to leave a bit more space for mirrors, doors and people.
Siamese gummy bears
This little stick in a perfectly shaped groove in the cement pathway.
Working Alongside These Cranes is Pretty Cool, ngl.
I just noticed my coworker has been using his PC upside down
This tree has 90 degrees angled branches
The maximum weight on this old scale is 280 pounds
There's nothing like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped round a large gold brick in the morning.
The water left a man on my sink
My flight pod seat
RF Doritos. I hate school vending machines.
The way this water bottle landed
This vent in my hospital has a swastika
The actual product is larger than the one pictured
My begal didn't have a hole in it.
I too was eating lunch when a bird came to visit. Anybody know what type of bird it is?
Seedless strawberry [OC]
The way this icicle formed outside my living room window.
Interesting message I saw on a screen in the London Underground today (31/1/20)
I found this seemingly worthless mineral being sold at TJ Maxx on clearance.
This vintage advert - eyeglasses for chickens
This little icicle came to a point then created big icicle.
This Lysol container fights Coronavirus
These shops in Melbourne look like drawing of castles
Last spring I found a Gretzky rookie card in a $2.99 bag of cards at Value Village.
One of my Tide Pods Was Empty
I like to eat around the core of carrots. Gotta save the best but till last!
The snow on my car hood started to melt in a pattern.
The caution cone at the children's hospital is a banana
My Kit-Kat's wafers were the wrong way.
This spilt water looks like a foot print
This note I found on the sidewalk.
The mirror in this hotel never fully steams up even after a hot shower.
Vending machine for baguettes in France.
I found this list in a used book I bought.
There was a tiny crab inside this mussel.
I found this in a used book I bought.
A pen from the local chiropractor's office
The company golf-buggy came back from being repaired, and it had this bullet sitting in the tray. No one’s sure how it got there, but it looks fairly old and corroded despite being unused.
My school has this on the back of the toilet stall doors. Thought it was pretty neat.
The letters on my suncream bottle became scrambled due to the heat at the beach.
The letters on my suncream bottle became scrambled due to the heat at the beach.
The plastic bag in the tree looks like a chicken.
Legallord tell your brother that the same crow wanted some of my sandwich too.
Cool decoration for your wine glass, and also prevents you from drinking from another ones glass
A really fat aligator or crocodile
The fortune cookie that came with the food I ordered
I also had a crow land on my mirror while eating a sandwich
Now I have to pay for the circle to be round?
My two identical monitors are polarized perpendicularly.
Found Seth Green and Mad Magazine Mascot Alfred E. Neuman in my toddler's Superman book. Notice the Robot Chicken graphic tee on Seth Green! And maybe some other creative on the bottom left? (See woman with pillow head person and dog tee shirt?)
You can see that one outlet is preferred
Public bath in a beach in Israel
Anisocoria - after the eye exam one pupil stayed more dilated than the other
Sign Language Family Tree
This elevator skipping the unlucky numbers
Photographer Xavi Bou takes time-lapse photos of birds
A paper tissue in the shape of a duckling
My 100% Chicken Fillet contains 92% chicken
What can happen if you don't clean your gutters. This brown ice looks like a poop waterfall!
Im my sweet tree house!
This snowman me and my friends made. Rip Kobe.
my parents' house broom
Found an unripe blueberry in my lunch.
These see-through overhead doors.
This urinal has a diagram above it showing how it works
Sign actually tells you what side the male/female actually is on
This new pub has an old bank vault door in the basement
Anisocoria - after the eye exam, one pupil stayed more dilated than the other
This is the highest-resolution photo of the sun ever taken
There is a second nail growing underneath my crushed nail.
My local free paper printed the answers to the sudoku instead of the puzzle. Doesn’t get much more “Beginner” than that.
My schools vending machine has a box of mac and cheese and if you notice in the top right corner a carton of 2% milk.
My company installed a way to open the bathroom door without touching the handle.
I haven't opened this bottle since getting off the plane.
Contractors working in our basement found a package of letters hidden in the floorboards from in the 1920s.
Ohh lawd here he comes!
The way the shower has dripped through this soap
This photo i took at night during a thunderstorm makes it look like its day
These shadows my monstera casts
This scissors I found.
My dentists clock
Got served this morning with a bag advertising a contest that ended 81 days ago.
This piece of toast in the bushes in front of my house.
This machine part looking like some little Creature
Heart shaped potato
My predict a text for "reddit" is the alien emoji
My dashcam manual has a page on how to spot fake CE marks
Switch lite can be used as a powerbank
This symbol on my glasses, visible under blacklight.
Today's Nasone (it means big nose, they're fountains named like that for their shape) in Rome in front of my school
This foggy photo that looks like a drawing
My girlfriend and I lived in rural Vietnam back in 2017 teaching English. This was our handwritten bill for a months rent in a roughly 700 sq. ft. apartment/loft, including hydro and water. 1,760,000 VND = 72.12 USD (Apartment pictures in comments).
It sure if that’s to go under the white coat !
One toilet paper roll in the pack had a different width
This Bag of Baby Sweet Potatoes.
The snow hitting the windshield looks like hyperspace
This meter counts the number of bicycles that go past every day as well as the total for the year
This meter counts the total number of bicycles that go past it in a year
There are two types of people. One that think in sentences and one that thinks in a non verbal way.
The pattern of shadows my lamp makes
This Bee I found hanging from a cobweb and an old smoke alarm wire looks like it committed suicide
Found a rat enjoying a milkshake in the backyard of my local burger joint
Thats some future shit
The page of this book didn’t get cut correctly.
My notifications kind of make a hawk face
This Devil Horned Tree Monster that lurches towards me every day as I drive past.
"Gary, come home" poster on an austrian graveyard
Google replying with no answers
Finally i caught it before it spawn out of nowhere
This ivy has roots that have outgrown the brickwork coursing.
The original pouch in the leg of Buzz Aldrins astronaut suit
Austria' official post stamp honoring the Brexit
The letters on the back of my suncream have decided they’ve had enough.
Karl Marx statue from behind
I've had this paper clip storage thing on my desk for years, only recently turned it over to find it was made in a country that no longer exists.
The sun fading on this bag that hadn't been moved in years.
I've had this paper clip storage thing on my desk for years, only recently turned it over to find it was made in a country that no longer exists.
My hitchhiker thumb
The placement of this fire evacuation sign
A gun that holds another gun
My brother was eating a sandwich and this crow started tapping on the window.
Burned myself cooking &amp; my freckles are more prominent compared to the rest of my arm
Burned myself cooking &amp; my freckles are more prominent compared to the rest of my arm
My yoghurt lid came off clean this morning.
This drink was made on a full moon
The Different Methods of Payment People Have Used Over the Years
A man at my gym brings his morningpaper for his cardio training
a noticeably small egg from my chicken
I sneezed while taking an ECG.
This directional lock
Gas station had its front door driven through so they’ve replaced it with a wooden sliding door.
This ski lift uses lights to direct the skiers.
My friend was in the paper for his birthday...
The only part of the sky that's not covered in smoke is a random little rectangle, kinda looks like a tv
This bottle of miller highlife with the label upside down
t-shirt and jeans worn 2 ways! what's my gender?
The mortal remains of this 200 year old tree
My friend said my coat looked like a Tiki
Found a bunch of old Lego sets lying around in my storage room unopened.
A cloud rock emerging from a sea of smoke
I only have two palm lines. It's called a Simian crease.
My friend spilled her last glass of wine on the couch, this was the result
F
This elevator has two open door buttons
A sanitary door handle
Kinda cool
This New York Fries coupon I got has an expiry date that transcends lifetimes.
Whoever painted this is a scarecrow.. outstanding in his feild.
This is my phone's screen viewed under a microsope
So reassuring
My two dollar bills are sequential according to their serial numbers!
This moth looks like a face
Are you mildly interested sims players?
This screen's reflection has weird colouration
Outdoor cuahion after rain in Australia (after duststorm and bushfire)
Our egg haul of the day: A mutant giant, a regular, and a teensy Serama egg
My "Personal Best" Home Made icicle. Don't mind my food.
A double peanut I found
The way that the melted wax on this candle hardens up.
Heat from car’s alarm bulb was enough to melt snow above it last night
Heat from car’s alarm flashlight was enough to melt snow above it last night
My printer malfunctioned.
Same number of bills, just years of use separating them
Same number of bills. Just years of use separating them
My stopwatch has been going for over a month. (Will update at 1000 hours)
Does anyone else see the face in my bathroom tile?
Clear bottle almost completely filled with soap suds
Conjoined Chocolate Chips
This plant looks like a group of humming birds
I ate a Spinach leaf... Or two?
My leg hair grows in rings and swirls
This adult DVD in this claw machine
nice
my notifications made a face
Dump trucks filled with dirt on an entrance ramp.
The spider web makes these leaves look like they are perpetually falling
Water Dragon riding on surfer sculpture’s back
My apple is pretty thick
We now need to use a limited number of passes to get in and out of our neighbourhood. (translated image)
This message inside the zipper of my pants
Cycle lock
The way this curb was built for the storm drain
This generic cheezit is really taking liberties.
Deformed Candy Heart
This keg urinal
Radioactive cars being retaken by nature from the Fukushima disaster.
The tab on my redbull broke instead of opening
This ice crystal that looks like a snowflake
This stump I found on the beach
