What’s an overused joke that you hate?
What's so hard being an attractive person?
What is the most annoyingly accurate assumption strangers repeatedly make about you based on your culture/race/religion/gender/sexual orientation?
What’s your reverse catfish story?
Who are some of the best commentary YouTubers?
What is something someone did/said to you that almost made you leave Reddit?
Have you ever sent a text message to the wrong person? What was it?
Do you regret doing or not doing anything? Why?
What is the best “let’s play” to watch on YouTube?
Why is it so cringe when white kids act ghetto?
Which sub do you get the most karma?
Size being no object what is the one thing you refuse to keister?
What is the most memorable movie you have ever seen?
What was the best thing that happened to you in truth or dare?
What are you doing in self-isolation?
what’s worst, people that overreact buying all the toilet rolls or the ones that don’t care at all?
What do you want to achieve within the next five years?
What smells good but shouldn’t?
Women of Reddit: How did having sex (or acts) with the same man as your sister or other relative affect your relationship with them?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having a pc vs having a console?
What are the best hacks that you've come across accidentally?
Do you drink alcohol in the shower? if you don’t...what is stopping you?
What’s playing on your turntable tonight?
What’s your shallowest dealbreaker for a romantic relationship?
If only sexual acts were required to do someone a favor, what sexual act are you requesting?
People who have foot fetishes, exactly what about feet turns you on?
If your dog could speak and was a big snitch what secrets about you would he spill?
Do you personally think of space to be nature. If so why?
What was the highest amount of junk food you've taken in one sitting, and what effect did it have on you?
What’s the dumbest thing you have seen someone get gold for on reddit?
What is the most Horrifying thing you have tried that turned out amazing?
what’s the difference between pepsi and coke?
What do you do when you feel like you're stuck in a rut and don't seem to be getting much done?
What body position do you sleep in?
What did you have to see in order to believe?
What sexual symbols can you type?
What are you guys doing for the seventh day of 4/20?
What is a good skill/thing to learn during this time, that will be of use when everything is back to normal?
What’s one thing no one can explain?
When placed in a pentagram, what five things would summon you?
what’s the worst hairstyle you had?
What are some subreddits that have stuff that make us angry/disappointed with humanity?
What do you regret doing or not doing before the COVID-19 crisis?
What are you guys doing for the seventh day of 4/20
What’s the most confusing thing that girls do without noticing?
What’s the dumbest rule you have ever faced?
What would you like to say to the person who created our current situation?
People who live in touristy areas, what're the worst things tourists have done?
What's something you're holding on to, that you should let go?
[Serious] Officers of reddit, have you ever been in a situation where you were indirectly at fault for someone’s death?
How’s April shaping up for you?
Teenagers of reddit, what’s something adults will never understand?
What was the most toxic year on Youtube in terms of drama/scandals? And why?
If you inherited $100mil, what would you do with it?
What’s something you’re proud about but shouldn’t be?
What’s the grossest thing you have ever found in your food?
What was your near death experience?
What’s the grossest experience you have ever had with bugs?
What is the most spoiled thing a younger sibling done to you?
TIL that wasps can also be called skinny waisted stabby assed fly fuckers, what are some other names for bugs?
If you could bring back one person who died this century, who would it be?
I got gold a couple days ago, it doesn’t do much. Why do redditors crave it so much?
Ex-Inmates, what Card Games did you play in the big house if any?
What’s the worst thing about being human?
What’s something that sounds true, looks true, is true, but people still don’t believe it?
Would you rather spend your isolation time with Queen Elsa or alone and why?
My reddit account turned a year old give me karma?
Who is bob and how is he doing right now ?
Any Disneyland actors here who have a story about great connections made with kids?
Like "Tiger King", what real life story is so unbelievably crazy that you'd think it was fiction?
Fathers of reddit why did you walk out on your kid just cause the mom left you?
Can someone learn how to be funny?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
Why do some people look better will all of their clothing on? Why do some people look better with no clothing at all? Which one would you be?
At what point in the next few weeks will you give into temptation and 69 with another man's ass and why?
What post made you almost quit reddit?
How do you encourage yourself to read more?
What’s the scariest thing you have ever experienced while playing online?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had? (Not horrible)
At what age should you give your a kid a phone, and why?
When do you think call of duty 2020 will come out?
What’s the silver lining of the current global situation for you?
What kind of harassment have you or your partner gotten from friends/strangers simply because of a “hotness gap” or racial mixing?
What’s the best age generation?
What was your most irrational fear as a kid?
What would change about yourself most?
What is the best food most people won’t try ??
Cops of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've witness during a normal traffic stop?
What’s one thing you don’t plan on doing until you’re already doing it?
What is the scariest thing you've seen at work?
Ex-inmates, how has prison changed your life?
if you took all what has happened this year and made it into a supervillain/hero what would their name be? what are it’s powers?
What are the neatest coincidences in history?
Would satan’s biggest fear be the doom slayer
What are some pointless/interesting websites people can use to kill time/learn something new?
What are your deep web stories (or friends, family)? Is it capable of being wholesome?
[Serious] What's the deepest thing you've ever heard anyone say?
What’s your most watched movie of all time?
What’s the most overrated video game in your opinion?
What's your favorite childhood video game?
What’s the nicest thing someone did for you?
Mistresses of reddit, why or why haven’t you told the spouse what was going on behind their back?
What is your favorite line from a book?
What’s the most underrated video game in your opinion?
What movie terrified you as a kid and still terrifies you now?
What should the next big animated sitcom be about?
People who work in zoos, wildlife parks, and aquariums, are the animals acting any different now that no one is looking at them every day?
When you see the name Shan spelled this way, how do you pronounce it in your head?
[Serious] People of Reddit: When did you realize that your SO wasn't the "one"? How did you deal with such a conclusion? What was the turning point?
Teen here asking, did smoking weed changed you when you grew up? Did it mess with your life?
You will soon evolve into a creature that would help you with your struggles. What are you hoping to get?
What does you daily routine look like at the moment?
Two truths, one lie... NSFW edition. List two kinks you have and one that you don’t. What are yours?
how would you describe your self?
Where would be the best place to live during a zombie apocalypse?
what’s a name that you hate?
What is the drunkiest food you've ever made?
Only NSFW...what makes the best pair?
Which is better, real dogs or virtual dogs?
What is a weird assumption that someone has made of you?
what’s the gayest thing you’ve done?
What is a nightmare you had that would make international news if it were real?
What is the best argument you have had during lockdown?
Where, the fuck, is anonymous right now?
how many 1551 by 888 images have been posted to Reddit?
People who have almost gotten someone killed, what happened and how did your relationship change?
What's a movie you enjoy despite hating the ending?
What is the stupidest/craziest thing you've seen someone do in a car?
What is the perfect late night snack?
What is one phase that you've had in the past that is currently effecting you now? How did it effect you?
What would happen if fire sprinklers went off in an electrical fire?
All of the Cuss words are now Acronyms, what does each of them stand for?
What is the kindest, most heart-felt compliment anyone has ever given you?
What are some weird habits you’ve created because of past fears?
What’s something that’s funny but really shouldn’t be?
What is your craziest party story that would even have Jordan Belfort himself saying “what the f*ck is wrong with you?!” If you told him about it?
What makes the best pair?
What’s the grossest thing you have ever seen someone do when they thought they were alone?
What a disappointing species, before the great reset happens, what is a piece of advice you're willing to give to the next dominant species that will eventually roam this earth?
What's your most embarrassing Secret?
What would surprise you in a good way of you found it on your parent’s computer?
If you could choose to re-experience one moment in your life without changing anything, what would you pick?
What is the stupidest thing you did as a child?
What’s a general good-to-know-fact that not many knows?
What percentage of the population have Spanish Flu immunity?
Pineapple on pizza haters of Reddit, why do you hate it so much?
People who saves someones live What happend? And how do you feel?
What’s the story behind your username?
What do you do when a toxic person keeps verbally insulting you in class?
When did a joke someone made step over the line?
How do you spice up conversations to make them interesting?
what would you do if you had 2 days left to live?
Reddit-if you could be doing one thing right now, what would it be?
Gay people of reddit when did you know you were gay?
What’s the best show from your childhood?
What was the craziest year on YouTube in terms of drama/scandals?
what do you think of someone that wears jean chains?
How many subs have you been banned from?
What has been your craziest party experience that even if you told Jordan Belfort about it, he’d say “what the f*ck is wrong with you!?”
How many more days of quarantine do you think you have left before you lose your sanity?
What's your favorite tarot card?
What is an act of kindness that has touched your heart recently?
If you could redo the 10-codes for law enforcement what would they be and what would they stand for?
People who have platonic friendships, what's it like?
What are some good musicians that have lost their spotlight?
What's your favorite music band/singer?
What is the most pain you have endured?
Is your job an essential service? If so what job do you have and how are you effected by all this?
Do you like the tv show “Friends”?
Quarentine of how long you think world would be able to withstand ?
Who is stronger, Aang or Korra? Why?
What do cows look at all day long eating grass and sitting at the same exact spot everyday?
Where do you see your life going from here?
Dear reddit, do you have any relatives who escaped from famous situations before they occured, I.e., Manson family, Ted Bundy, Pearl Harbor, etc?
What was your craziest party experience that even if you told Jordan Belcourt, he’d say “what the f*ck!?”
How far did you go in a game of truth or dare?
We now have radioactive forest fire, what's going to happen next in the 2020 series?
What 3rd person game would make a fun 1st person game?
What should be made first - vaccine or cure and why?
What is something so obvious that you just realised right now?
What is a basic skill that you took way too long to master?
So, you go to sleep tonight and when you wake up you realize the last 10 years of your life was all a dream. What would you do?
[Serious] What are some things your parents did right/wrong when raising you that made you who you are today?
Do you hear 'Never Gonna Give You Up' in your head whenever anyone mentions the Rick Roll?
What is the alternative for a condom?
Redditors, do you have any relatives near or far that escaped death (or was believed to be?)
Would a chicfila chocolate milkshake I got at 9pm and put in the fridge untouched be okay to eat in the morning? (Normal half open lid)
To all of you who’ve played extras sitting in the background at restaurants having conversations: what were you talking about?
Why are really young millennials so PC(politically correct)?
What are the best websites for freelancing jobs?
What is your definition of weird (be it a person or not)?
Hi Reddit! What is something your parents did right in raising you and something they did wrong in raising you
Who would win? Vegeta (Saiyan saga) and Nappa or Ghidorah?
How’s your day been pal?
Children of Parent(s) who completed or attempted suicide, how did/has it affected you?
What are red flags that screams your boss/manager is selfish and don't give a crap about his employees?
If you could look 30 years into your future, what would scare you the most to see?
When was your first time getting Rick Rolled and how did it happen?
[Serious] How do you stop loving the "idea" of a person?
What was the nicest country you've ever visited, all factors considered?
What is your best” don’t judge a book by its cover” story ?
Corn vs Potato based chips: pick one and the other goes away forever! Which would you pick and why?
What's the first drink you're ordering once bars open up again?
what’s your gay limit?
What’s the first lesson you’ll teach your kid as a young adult/teenager?
How are you holding up with everything going on in the world ?
What is your most complimented perfume?
Essential Workers of Reddit: What's your horror story with the current situation and what was the outcome of it?
What secrets did you keep from your parents growing up? Did you ever tell them? What was their reaction?
your most complimented perfume ?
At what age do your parents live with you and you no longer live with your parents?
How to ask a perfect question in askreddit?
If you were arrested with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
What is the best example of karma you have ever seen?
How to overcome covert narcissistic personality disorder?
What is an Ad that you’ve seen so many times, that you want to scream every time you see it?
All Redditor's monthly salaries are now replaced with the amount of Karma they have. What would society look like? What kind of people would be on top?
What is an example of the butterfly effect that happened in your life?
Anyone know how I can safely (without exposing myself) stop a asshole on instagram hes in my class btw.
What is the saddest truth about smart people?
If we woke up tomorrow and found out our dogs and cats could now speak, what secrets could they tell about you?
Your username is what you’re having sex with tonight, what is it?
What is one most updated piece of technology you use?
At what point of scrolling do you see a post and mutter to yourself, “Dude, you’ve scrolled too far.”?
have you ever thought about how you would confront a school shooter?
What are the best/funniest usernames?
Did the plane which dropped the bombs on Hiroshima survive?
Why are most people on Reddit smart asses?
If you had bodyguards, what would they look like?
[NSFW] Seeking an online domme (who isnt selling) - any ideas where to look?
What can you do that no one else you know can?
What is the rename word for Gorona?
Teens of reddit, what is some things you miss about school now that all of our classes are virtual now?
Which Mario party is your favorite?
Where is one place you want to go right now?
What is the craziest thing that society accepts as a cultural norm?
What are some stupid prophecies that you know that had happened?
What is the biggest personal realization that you’ve gotten from the Corona Virus situation?
What are the craziest responses/debates to a “free toilet paper” listing on Facebook Marketplace have you read?
What are your funniest stories involving anesthesia?
Extroverts of reddit, how are you guys feeling now that you guys can't go outside due to the quarantine? I'm a little curious.
Who is your favorite Digimon?
What's the best way to jump into water when jumping from a considerable height??
working on reducing the road crashes in india as of now, what is your story of any road crashes and what could have been to avoid it?
What is a false economy that a lot of people have no choice about, despite knowing it's costing them more money in the long run?
What's the worst thing that happened that ended a party or celebration you were at?
What is the funniest thing a sibling has done?
Who is one athlete that is famous in your country that nobody else in the world knows about?
What natural phenomena do you find the most impressive?
How the heck are we gonna make it to 2030?
People who have successfully stopped a boner how did you do it?
What was the last fun thing you did without thinking "this might be the last time I can do this for months from now"?
People of Reddit, what browser do you use?
What was that one movie where you rooted for the bad guy and why?
When listening to TheFatRat - Unity, do you prefer the old lyrics or the new lyrics?
What is a show or movie you love that everyone else hates?
Habbo players on reddit. What is the spookyest thing that hapened to you in the plataform?
Where is one place you want to go before you?
Who’s the meanest celebrity you’ve met?
Now that the apocalypse is upon us, do you think we are gonna die kicking and screaming, or something else? If so, what?
How to damage control after a major sugar binge?
What are the effects of marijuana long term? Obviously smoking weed isn't advisable but how bad is once a week use at a young age?
For the people who graduated college during the last recession, do you have any advice for the class of 2020?
Have you ever hated the antagonist of a movie or TV show so much that you couldn’t watch anymore?
Is sexting considered sex?
Why did you pick that to be your username?
What was your weirdest dream?
What is your drug of choice?
Why don't they just eat the locusts in Africa? Like, people are being encouraged to eat bugs.. this seems like the perfect time to just... inhale a bunch of giant insects?
What do you need to do if you have that desperate feeling when you going to work?
Who do you consider to be your favourite character from among the cast of your favourite TV show?
People of reddit, Why are you constantly on reddit?
Effects of Cannabis Long Term
What do you suppose a medieval ruler would think of their current kingdom/empire?
Why Is Friday Closer To Monday Than Monday Is To Friday?
Have you ever hated the antagonist of a movie or TV show so much that you couldn’t watch anymore?
What would you do to make your birthday better during this pandemic?
It's nearly 1 am; bored, &amp; want to watch either a horror movie, indie film, or coming age movie, what are your suggestions?
What are some big ways the world would be different if tommrow all types of cheese ceased to exist?
What are the coolest names you've ever heard of?
Proffesionals of reddit, In case you were trapped in the middle ages how would you apply your knowledge to survive?
How much time do you waste doing nothing at work per day?
How you handle criticisms ?
What's your favourite thing about cats?
[NSFW] Im seeking an online domme (who isnt a seller) - any ideas where i can look?
So what are your plans as soon as this quarantine is over?
What does it means if u have that desperate feeling when u go to work? But when u go home it's alright.
Who has had a guest destroy there toilet and just leave it clogged?
Do you have any strange fetishes? If yes, what are they?
If there were to be a biopic about Monty Python, John Oliver would make a great Eric Idle. Who should be cast as the other members of the group?
What will people of the future think we were trying to do when they see our Google Nest videos of people twerking and throwin gang signs?
Aside from The Onion, CNN, and The Babylon Bee, what are some good satire websites?
If you're a person on a dating site, do you have to disclose that you're a parent and why?
What was the one movie where you actually rooted for the bad guy?
You are dating the female/male version of yourself. How fucked are you?
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
What sustainable ways should companies focus on for business during future lock downs?
What spin-off products are better than the original?
What was the most absurd thing your parents made you do?
What about the coffin dance guys?
What is your most memorable childhood memory?
For parents who are dealing with no school, How do you teach your kids at home?
What’s something you are tired of hearing?
What are some phrases that when said than played in reverse say something different?
People who are married to their first love, how did you know they were "the one"?
Redditors, what was your first kiss like?
What was a moment when you went "Sherlock Holmes" and it shocked everyone around you?
What are some good online Monopoly games?
Once world goes back to normal where would you like to travel?
What do you guys think of the new in reddit meme maker?
Girls of Reddit, how do you know you want to continue with a boy after the first date?
What do you want to do but don't have the guts for currently?
What are some phrases than when played in reverse say a different phrase? NSFW example burgundy sauce.
What video game would make a great movie?
What’s your greatest personal quote?
What incident was "so (your country or region)"?
What is the most obvious but ignored red flag in a relationship?
Boys of Reddit, how do you know you want to continue with a girl after the first date?
What did you search on Google that turned out to be an instant regret for you?
Love Ketchup but hate Tomatoes. What's a similarly illogical thing about you?
If you were shown the unemployment rate spike for March/April 2020 sometime in 2019, what would you assume happened?
What is a sexual question you have always wanted to ask but never had the right opportunity?
What is your favorite country, and why?
What’s a movie that just thinking about it makes you cry?
What discussion have you had with someone who watches OAN?
Book smarts or street smarts? Why?
What's something you experienced that you still don't have and explanation for?
What incident was "so [your country or region]"?
women on Reddit, how often do you masturbate? and why don't you say it? talking to friends we thought, how different female masturbation is?
Those whose parent(s) died when you were young, how did mourning feel as a child?
What is the beginning of healing?
HoneyI Shrunk the Kids is getting an r-rated remake. What sorts of things happen?
What’s a great non-fiction book you recommend? History (U.S., military, biographies)?
How do you watch YouTube without ads and not paying?
Is it normal that u feel desperate in the morning if u go to work, but in the end of the day it's alright?
What's the pettiest thing you've done (/gotten in trouble for)
A search engine for open web directories. There used to be a search engine to search for open web directories. I had it bookmarked but i can't really find it. Do any of you remember the site???
What’s your favorite misheard lyric?
What odd thing did you do to impress people as a child?
[Serious] How do you convince a loved one quit smoking?
If a Trans person fucks a guy...would that be gay or straight?
What was the wierdest thing you did as a kid?
Honey I Shrunk The Kids is getting an R-rates remake. What sort of things happen?
What is your biggest turn off?
If you were a butterfly, what part of your life was your cocoon?
You get to say anything to everybody in the world. What do you say?
What is your favorite way to win Catan?
Medical Doctors of Reddit: Are the doctors that go on TV to sell potentially snake oil type products/supplements respected in the medical field?
Ladies, what is something that, if a guy cannot do, you find unattractive?
What is your preferred time of day for masturbation and/or sex?
What’s a great non-fiction book you would recommend? Looking for history or anything WW2.
What are your predictions for april 2020?
What if you had the power to see all naked?
Did you ever steal something accidentally, and if yes, how did it happen?
When moving into a new place what is the FIRST thing you set up?
What is your thing?
Do you support Trumps response to covod19? Why or why not?
What’s a small, pre-pandemic annoyance you miss?
What are some smallest thing we can do to make others feel better?
Are you really stright deadass my guy?
I’m quarantined with my abusive ex. How do I escape?
Dear redditors, what's your biggest regret, and why?
[Serious] What’s the most cringeworthy Goanimate punishment day video you’ve ever watched?
What is one mistake you will never forget?
[serious] What was the most brutal thing you’ve ever witnessed?
What websites are good for working from home as a voice actor?
What was the best decision of your life?
What’s the most awkward situation you have ever experienced?
How long can you last without sex?
What are some interesting/badass people in history that have been lost in Google searches by modern celebrities with the same name?
What was the last time that you were “misunderstood”?
Trump Supporters: Honestly, what does your America look like in 10 years?
What’s The Best All Time TV Series To Binge Watch?
COs/former inmates, what is the most wholesome thing you've seen in prison?
Anyone fancy a friendly chat? :)
What is your "essential job" that nobody would think of?
How are you guys doing at the west side?
What makes your heart skip a beat?
What fruits and vegetables can stay fresh for up to 2 weeks?
has anyone been on a guard of honour contingent being inspected by a world leader? when the leader stops to chat, what do you guys talk about? please also share who that world leader was?
How do free-to-play games earn money?
Which Peeps are superior? Bunny or Chick Peeps?
If you were god for a day, what would you do?
A time traveler comes from the year 2030 to 2020. What’s the first question you’ll ask?
What was your first childhood memory that you remember?
Are you much bored in this days? How are you dealing with this (what can you do to not become bored) ?
In what way are you an asshole?
If you found free money, but each dollar bill you take gives you a paper cut, how many dollars would you take?
What is your favorite subreddit on reddit?
Who do you love more, mom or dad?
What did a fictional character say that stuck with you?
When did "not playing it safe" worked out for you? How has your life changed?
What do you think is better: a kinky 6 or a super vanilla 10?
those who've had fake friends in the past,how'd you know they were fake?
What tv show or movie did you really enjoy until it was ruined by the very end?
What is something random you want to tell everyone?
Fellow Headbangers of Reddit. How did you meet your metal friends.
Those who’s lives have been affected by Covid-19... How is your mental health? [Serious]
Redditors who are short of breath and have lost their sense of smell, how are you coping with the fact you're absolutely fucked?
Assuming everything that led up to the Chernobyl nuclear disaster remained the same, what would have been the ideal response after the disaster to deal with the crises, both in the first moments, and long term?
What is something that gets too much hate?
Racism and sexism isn’t that bad. What do you think reddit?
Why do girls nowadays think it’s cute to cross their eyes in pics/videos but would never date a guy who was cross-eyed?
Howbdo you deal with cabin fever these days?
What was the best answer you ever received?
What are you gonna do when the social distancing ends?
Celebrities of reddit, how often do you have to pass gas but can’t?
Women of Reddit what do you really think of beards?
How do you help a loved one quit smoking?
I am just curious about opinions. To those who have gotten it, what is the worst thing about getting ‘Rona’?
What if your dick has mouth to speak?
Who was the most weirdest, mysterious person you have encountered with?
[Serious] People who have suffered from eating disorders. How did your eating disorder affect your social life and the people around you?
Who's got two cold beers going? How'd that happen?
Teens of reddit, what is the hardest thing about being a teenager?
How do you do the Muscle Man Dance?
Edd Unemployment
Heavy takeout consumers of reddit, will you be going back to ordering out all the time when this is all over?
People who fought back against their bullies, what were the consequences?
How can this stimulus plan help students?
What’s the best Instagram caption you’ve seen?
We all know oranges, but what do you think other color-named fruits like reds, yellows, or blues would be like?
How do you deal with the dumb individuals in your lives?
What is something your parents do/did that annoys you the most?
What do you think of online education?
On average how much money do you spend on entertainment per week?
How do you end a friendship without losing all other friends?
Teachers Of Reddit, If You Tried Getting Two Students Together, What Happened?
Women of reddit, what is an unwritten rule of being a women?
How would you respond if somebody offered to get married to you on the spot, without any expectation of sex or romance but just a desire to live with someone and share a life?
What are you exceptionally terrible at, but love doing?
If the lost city of Atlantis does exist , what do you think it would look like?
What’s your best version of the quote, “I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass...and I’m all out of bubblegum”?
What was the best bro moment you have done or someone else has done to you?
What did you do to get from ZERO to HERO?
What would be the best way to get rid of fortnite.
What is one specific thing about your city that you could list that would immediately give it away (minus its name, of course)?
When did alcohol become a means of having fun?
What is the first thing that you will do after this shitty situation goes away?
What movie perfectly describes your life?
What's the greatest thing you've done?
What’s your best version of “I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass...and I’m all out of bubblegum”
How does fibre make poos not a creamy mess?
How do books change people’s lives?
What's your worst/best personality trait?
What are some examples of the thin line between being charming and being creepy?
People countries aside from the US, how is the LGBT+ community accepted or discriminated against where you live?
A scenario: you are given a permission to travel to any country with all the expenses (plane ticket, hotel, etc) paid for you, but once you leave that country, you can never go back. What country would you visit?
Music people of reddit what do you think is the hardest instrument to play?
Whats a secret you can tell strangers on reddit but not to people in your life?
Are there still men.. or anyone in general who still love boobs??
For those of you stuck at home with people you don't like, what are you doing to keep from fighting?
Can books change lives?
ADHD users of reddit, what is your hardest challenge to overcome when dealing with attention deficit?
Those who didn't choose their career, how did it find you?
What's the most awkward situation that you've been in?
What was the biggest sign that you had fallen out of love?
Members of the US National Guard, what are you guys doing?
What are your thoughts about the word "vibin"?
A time traveler has just arrived to April 2020 from 2014, delighted that the time machine worked. What’s the first thing you’ll tell them?
What was the cringiest thing you ever did as a kid?
Anyone else in a long-distance relationship,If so how did it start and how has it been going for you?
What impromptu magic trick can you do?
WHY GRANDMA! WHY DID YOU EAT MY _____!
What's a useless ability that you would want to have?
What is wrong with our society today?
What are some tips to building a strong argument when debating with a friend?
What is something that you do, but don’t know if it’s normal or not?
What is the first thing you will do after all this self isolating and quarantine finishes?
[Serious] what kind of job could a 16 year old get with all this shit going on?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of China ?
what’s your best playlist name?
Bearded users of reddit, how do you react when people ask to touch your beard?
[Serious] What are you not that a lot of people think you are?
How can you see your hidden posts?
People of reddit, what helps you sleep better at night?
What’s something you wish you were born with?
Redditors who have been clinically dead, what did you experience in death, if anything?
What are some tips to stop procrastinating on schoolwork?
What’s your closest call with the police?
What was it like growing up where you did? What did you like and what would you change?
If humans had a health bar from 1 to 100, what kinds of injuries would equal what amount of damage?
Redditors, what has been the dumbest question someone put on r/askreddit?
Redditors of Reddit, which of you use Reddit?
What are the best and worst parts of online classes?
[Serious] would a 16 year old be able to get a steady source of money from house sitting?
What is one skill you’ve always wanted?
Who is the rudest celebrity you have met?
What are some good Subreddits?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What moment changed you as a person?
After changing time on your Switch you find out you have really time travelled, When would you go?
What is something that most adults hate but most children like?
How to detoxify mind/soul?
How did you meet your significant other?
Gamers - What was a childhood favourite that scratched a particular itch, and nothing since has ever come quite as close?
Why is trump so hated?
What is real price for sex?
What fancy foods have you tried to create, now that you’ve been locked up?
What is your worst breakup story?
What are some useful skills people could learn while we're stuck at home?
What's on your mind?
Hey brits, why clap for someone that once cheered at the demise of something hes now relying on?
People who are not in the United States how do you perceive our country and dealing with the coronavirus crisis
What’s the hardest thing about living alone?
Queen Elizabeth II has already given a reassuring speech to the United Kingdom. What would she say if she gave a speech designed to reassure other countries that she is the monarch of?
To brighten the mood during this stressful time, what’s the most heartwarming thing you’ve personally seen?
What's the best way to make someone mad, but so subtlety that they dont know its you?
What movies are your favorite dark comedies?
People of reddit who been on a date you vastly regretted, what’s your horror story date?
Which forms of slang or colloquiolism do you think will sound the absolute lamest when looked back on in a decade or so?
High School Music Students, with the world asking for shelter-in-place and being only armed with a laptop, what would you like to learn about in the world of music?
What song was ruined by the chorus?
People who have broken their femur, what was the pain like? How did it happen?
If evil is afoot, what are the toes?
What’s one thing you took for granted and didn’t realize it until it was gone?
What is a thing that you hate the most?
What is the coolest thing your teacher did to you?
What are some good non anime movies or tv shows like Altered Carbon or Black Mirror that’s based in the future?
Redditors that have dropped out of college, why did you do it and what career options did you pursue instead?
What did another person say/do to you that made you realize you were extremely insecure?
What are some things that used are better than new?
What are you doing right now?
What is something you do infrequently enough that requires you look up/try to remember how to do it every time?
If evil is a foot, what are the toes?
What should you never google?
What have you discovered about the people you live with while you’re all working from home?
Parents of Reddit, What bedtime story do you tell your kid to scare the shit out of them?
If you could swap two of your body parts with one another, which two would they be and why?
What is something that this pandemic has made you thankful for or something you took for granted before?
What do you like most about yourself?
What's on your bucket list? Or what are things you should do before you die?
Those who have posted on gone wild, why?
What are some things that used is better than neww?
What happened when you completely misread a situation?
How do I get started learning programming?
Did you ever kill someone? If so, what happened?
What are some of the most expensive, heavily one-gender targeted products that can be purchased?
What have you kept to yourself? What is the secret you have never told anyone? [serious]
With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?
How much karama do you need to lose your virginity?
What's your favorite chill song to listen too?
Tired Moms at Reddit, what would your men do at home to get you really attracted and horny again?
Do you remember any redditor's name, if so what's your story ?
What's the most 'Murican song out there?
What was the weirdest thing you did as a teenager?
How would you describe yourself as a cactus?
What is your go to joke?
What if God gave us the ability to press a restart button anytime just once during our life?
With all this time at home for the past couple of weeks, what things have you accomplished now that you couldn't before the quarantine?
What specific Lego set pissed you off when building it and what happened afterwards?
What happened to that “cool” athletic kid?
As a kid, pretty much everybody was afraid of monsters in the dark, but did you ever think about what they would do to you if they got you? What makes them so scary other than their looks?
As a native English speaker, are you good with grammar?
How to make the perfect omelette?
Reddit, if you had to be quarantined with one famous person (famous for any reason), who would it be and why? For the sake of variety, they don't have to be alive currently.
[serious] What’s your alien/UFO story?
What’s your worst biking to work experience?
What is a shower pro-tip that you swear by?
When have you been torn between two or more decisions and what was your decision?
Gamers of Reddit, ever since Quarentine started, have you noticed a substantial increase/decrease about something in your favorite game? (More hackers, less updates, etc)
What is something good that has happened to you recently?
When was the last time you saw someone dead inside ?
What is something good that's happened to you while in quarantine?
What word pisses you off?
Would you consider yourself a “Redditor”? What makes someone a “Redditor”?
What live animal could you throw furthest with precision?
Describe yourself as a cactus
Larry David is in creative control of your favorite franchise. How different is it?
What's harder to understand? Rocket Science or women? Why?
How would Harry Potter be different if it took place in China?
What's a friendlier alternative to "Fuck you" ?
what happens after death?
What is the worst thing a fictional villain has done in a movie, show, book, or comic?
What made 1993 a cool year for you?
What’s the best free software that doesn’t get enough credit?
What is the worst thing a fictional villain has done in a movie, show, book, or comic?
What is a time you got in trouble for "not using the right pronoun"?
What's one story you would tell at any event?
What Disney heroes would make great villains and why?
What are some mishaps that happened on your birthday?
Younger siblings of Reddit, What was ruined by your older siblings?
Is Gin just flavored Vodka? Why or why not?
how can you fix your sleeping schedule
What is something uplifting for people who are depressed?
What is the strangest thing you've done to stop itching a rash/ mosquito bite?
What’s your “Why the fuck am I awake right now?” moment?
What’s a saying like “Guess what chicken butt”?
Are you also in love with your sister?
People who can fall asleep in like 10 seconds how the fuck do you do it??
Women who serve in the military, is it still sexually dangerous for you to serve like it was in the early stages of women being recruited? [serious]
What does appendicitis feel like?
What are some everyday things/events that other planets or world's might think is caused by magic?
What’s something you always do before bed?
Reddit offers you to amend it's symbol, what symbol would you suggest ?
What is something that you notice in a lot of people that bothers you?
What is the most crafty way you disposed it
How to get rid of a UTI at home?
Perfect omlet
How can one overcome a bad or unproductive habit or multiple? (Serious)
What is a piece of advice your parent/guardian gave you that has always stuck?
What would be the 'regular events' happening in the pokemon world every day?
do you believe bloody mary? is it real?
What is the funniest video you ever watched (link if possible)?
What is lube used for?
What else does an andlord do besides locking church doors?
What type of questions does one convey to a female?
What are some things you’ve always wanted to do, but kept to the back of your mind, and now have accepted you will never do?
What subreddits are serious but you consider them a joke?
What is something that traumatized you positively and why?
Is 6 years old too young for a tik tok account?
Why don’t humans consider krogans to be attractive?
What was the first and most memorable vine you saw?
What was your senior prank?
what is something to talk about with friends at this hour?
what is something no one has ever said in the history of ever?
How did you know you truly met the love of your life?
Eric's with a C, what are y'all's opinions on Erik's with a K?
What's some stories about people so nice/perfect that you hated them?
Reddit, which is the best user made subreddit for making announcements?
How was your day ?
You can't have sex now. You however, have been granted with an opportunity to replace it with some other activity. What would it be?
What is the best way to slide into somebody’s DM’s?
What are the most toxic communities on reddit?
People who were bullied in school, where are you now in life?
Redditors od Reddit, why do you love reddit?
What is the most awkward moment you've ever had?
What makes a women's pussy wet?
What is your funnest fact?
What’s something you surprisingly still don’t know how to do?
If you were asked to write about a specific period of time in your life, what would it be and why?
What song has the lyrics that hit you hard or puts you in your feelings?
What are you looking for?
If there are electric toothbrushes, that means that the regular ones are acoustic toothbrushes. Other than guitars, what items have an electric and acoustic version?
(Hypothetical) How long can Appendicitis go untreated?
What are your little ways of saying "I Love You?"
What is THE BEST Vocaloid song you've ever heard?
What historical event is way less climactic than most movies make it seem?
What is your fav opening song ?
Who has the most easily recognizable singing voice in rock/metal genre?
Women who serve in any branch of the military, is there still sexual abuse like there used to be in the earlier years of women being recruited?
Why is that males get morny horny then females?
What’s your strange hobby?
What is the best loophole you've ever exploited?
What were your best comebacks?
Looking on the brighter side, what are some positive things that have happened these past few days?
What’s your master plan to kill someone and get away free?
Redditors, which technology would you consider important to learn in case of getting trapped in the past?
Dear atheists of reddit what to you think happens after you die?
What do you usually do when you're stressed?
What car tips should everyone know?
What makes a woman horny?
What are some invaluable things that sponge bob has taught you?
What is the creepiest thing that happened to you while everyone was sleeping?
What are women's biggest pet peeve when dating a guy?
Musicians of Reddit, what advice and tips do you wish you knew when you first started out?
What would you do if reddit just shut down unexpectedly and no one was allowed to talk about it for three years?
How do you regulate feeling though your phone interface?
(serious) Where's a subreddit or place where someone can watch older men with big mustaches, eating food?
What are some things or hobbies that pay themselves off as you go?
Why is it unhealthy to sleep late at night even if you get sufficient hours of sleep?
What was your first ever thing you got scolded for?
https://soundcloud.com/rip-xp/not-forgotten. ?
What is broken eventhough it is perfectly fine?
What would you do if reddit shut down unexpectedly and no one was allowed to mention it for a year
How much money made would you consider to be a good day?
If you worked for NASA and you had been the first to witness "Ice" on Mars or any other intelligent life... What would you report to Earth?
What is your stand on letting our political stand/religion/opinions govern our choice of entertainment?
If a superhero(be they normal or superpowered) started to show up around helping people and such, how do you think that the government would chose to deal with them, if it was in your country?
Why are you running?
What’s the worst pickup line you’ve ever heard on an online dating app?
Why aren’t anyone’s boyfriends ever doing homework in those stupid naked towel tik toks?
Do you think these are the end times or do you know someone who does? What's your/their reasoning?
What is a food fact you know?
What was your luckiest moment in a video game that made you try to process what happened?
Do you have any inexplicable fears and/or specifications for how your bedroom is set up and how you sleep?
Who do you want to have a dream about, the kind of dream that’s so real you can’t even tell the difference?
What is one good movie you have seen that you don’t care to watch again and why not?
What is the dumbest thing you or someone you know was insecure about?
What the hell do you think the mischievous penguins are up to right now and should we be worried about it?
How can I help my friend? He is very depressed and he doesn't want to go to therapy neither to see a psychiatrist . He doesn't want to see anybody, he just stay in his house (since november 2019, not 'cuz coronavirus). And he also talks about suicide. I'm afraid, I don't know what to say or do. We'
what sexual fantasy come true... and you weren't into it?
How many movies/tv series have you watched in the last two weeks and how many of those did you actually enjoy?
What are some examples of people going off the right deep end?
What's on your bucket list?
What are 3 main points a woman wants in a man ?
How many books have you read during the past two weeks and what is the reason for that?
Name what type of girl that should you never date? (Or be friends with)
Should we let our political stand/religion/opinions &amp; etc govern our choice of entertainment?
Any Binge-worthy TV Shows?
What song never fails to bring a tear to your eye?
What’s one thing you wish you could erase from your memory?
Why aren’t E-Cigarettes treated like marijuana?
Do woman love big cock medium cock or small cock?
If you one day woke up as a computer but retained all your memories and knowledge and could do anything a computer can what would you do?
what is your favourite character?
Why don’t we put our most Elite human beings to live on the moon since they can afford it ?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What are some disturbing facts?
Wood u wipe ur cornhole with sandpaper 4 $500?
What video game character do you dislike the most whether good or bad?
What product placement was probably a really good return on investment?
If you had a gun with two bullets and you were in a room with Hitler, bin laden and Toby who would who shoot?
What’s one thing guaranteed to make just about anyone smile?
You are suddenly transported to an alternate. universe where everything seems the exact same. What is the smallest thing you could change that would make everything seem off?
What are you grateful for?
Men of Reddit, If you had the ability to suck your own private parts would you? How do you think that would be for you? Would you be embarrassed, why or why not?
What game had a good premise, but fell completely flat in execution?
What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?
People who refer to their significant others as "My partner", when did you decide to start role-playing a cowboy?
What is the deal with Hollywood releasing movies that are either similar, identical, or based on the same story releasing around the same year, maybe even 2 years to be fair?
Would you wipe your cornhole with sandp for $500?
What movie did you think was going to be great because of the awesome cast but turned out to be awful?
What fictional character would be the worst mascot for “Stay at Home?”
What was the cringiest thing you did?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
What’s a recent act of kindness you’ve either done or witnessed that stuck out to you?
What life hacks are actually trash hacks?
The last vivid dream you had is now your life, what does it look like?
What is your biggest fear?
What’s the most fucked up thing that still makes you sick to think ab ?
What are some fun games that doesn't have winning/losing?
If you think life on other planets exist what is their existential crisis?
What was your most vivid dream? Can you still explain what happened?
What is a good youtube channel to binge watch during quarantine?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
In your opinion what would a Standard Mad Scientist have on them besides their coat and Goggles?
What are some of you original quotes?
What is the most stupid question?
Redditors with a hometown unsolved case, what do you believe happened?
What's something a child wouldnt build with legos, but something you would?
Fellow late night Redditors, what’s the best midnight snack creation?
What house or apartment from a movie or tv show would you most like to live in?
Redditors with names in famous songs, how do you feel about it?
What do you wish you can improve on in your life?
Adults of Reddit, what show from your early childhood would you most want to rewatch?
If you were sent to an isolated island, and been ask to take with you one thing from your room that not necessary for survival, what will you take?
Do you get annoy when no one reply to your comment?
What's that one thing in your house that nobody knows who bought it?
What conspiracy theory has been proven to be true?
What non political subreddit has the worst community?
Dear reddit what is the funniest/strangest thing that popped up on your device when you where near a family member?
How do you think your relationships are doing atm with the world like this ?
What's the closest feeling to a bee sting?
What's the best conversation starter on your first date ?
What video game should get remastered?
Why do people teach kids to believe in Santa Claus. It just doesn’t really make sense to me.
What tricks do you use to help yourself fall asleep quickly at night?
Is bacon really that good enough to the point where we should slaughter cute, innocent, smart pigs for it?
When was a time your gut feeling was wrong?
Why is tiktok becoming so popular?
As Donald Trump’s presidency is coming to a close, do you think his closest competitor- Hilary Clinton, would have done better than him over these past four years and why?
[SERIOUS] People of Redditt. What are your worst roommate experiences in the US military?
What year sounds old to you and why?
What subreddit has the worst community?
Redditors who were around during the forum, AOL Chat, Yahoo Messenger days, how has online discussions and discord changed from then until now? Good and bad?
What are you currently worried about?
What’s something that you can either Love or Hate?
What are some good routines to lose little bit of fat?
Why do humans have to defecate when they feel nervous?
It was year 2121 and Mars was already colonized by humans. However, a fatal airborne illness struck mankind on planet Earth. What do you think people and leaders from both planets would do?
What are your thoughts on prescription-only drug advertisements?
What horror or thriller movies/series do people recommend from the last 5 or so years?
What’s the best super power? Explain and discuss
What's the best thing you ever learned?
What product that no longer exists would you like the chance to try if it suddenly became available again?
Redditors, which interesting and not-so-well-known philosophy (or psychology) books you personally read, would you recommend?
What legal options are available if you want to become somebody's "slave" in a non-sexual way, in which you are allowed to live with someone and feel appreciated in exchange for all your time/dignity?
What cereal is the best ?
How will you describe 2020 to future generations?
How do you make long lasting and meaningful relationships with people who you only really socialize with at school and or work?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
What’s the saddest song to you right now at this very moment?
When did you decide to get a job and why?
Every time you come through a door a sound plays or song plays. What sound or song would you choose?
Whats your best accidentally intimate moment with a stranger?
Why do we have to crap when we get nervous?
What’s the best dream you’ve ever had?
What's the worst kind of sexual kink or fetish, in a legal/moral/ethical sense?
Male Redditors, why does it smell like dick?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
Did you ever get a beating for something you didn’t do? If so could you describe it and what you “did”?
What would your last meal be on death row?
Lawyers of reddit, what do you think of Netflix crime documentaries? Are they exposing a travesty in the American justice system or is it all pandered B.S?
A smart randomly shows up at your door and stays at your house , but gives you a fish. It stares at you constantly throughout the day and leaves at midnight and comes back the next morning with a weapon. What risk would you take to secure your safety?
What great AskReddit question never gets traction, no matter how many times it gets posted?
What’s a trend that stuck around a lot longer than you thought it would?
What was the most unintended affect you ever had on someone?
If your personality was defined by your last 10 comments in reddit, who you will be?
[Serious] People with pets who have passed on, how could you tell it was coming and how did you take care of your pets body?
What super power seems cool but actually sucks in day to day life?
Fellow weebs of reddit, what was your first experience with telling someone you watch anime?
How would changing the order of the letters in the English alphabet change history?
how did you change someone's life for the better?
What’s the greatest single lost invention you can think of that would have probably changed the way we look at things?
Seeing as tho the UK is in lockdown, yet I’m still working, and only key workers are working, if you are still working, what is your job?
How do snake lungs work?
If any book had a sequel what would the title be?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever said?
Reddit it’s who have contacted the hot milfs in your area, how did it go?
when did your relationship almost end but got saved?
Did you ever get a beating for something you didn’t do?
What song/movie titles doesn't suit the?
What would be the pros and cons of a world where guys and girls were naturally the same height on average?
You have to kill atleast one person 10 years old or higher ever day for the rest of the year and you can never get caught not even after the year is over, how do you do it?
Why aren't you being raptured?
[Serious] People with low self esteem, how did you break out of your shell and gain confidence?
Redditors, do y'all use the pornhub app for Android?
How can being an active Reddit user with good amount of karma be used as a resume point?
What’s the best song to listen to right before you go to sleep?
Why my Air conditioner smells like ass?
What’s a song that could be a movie?
What is the Honga? How is it related to the Osage Nation? How do the people of Osage Nation feel about their stories being in a YA Fiction?
[Serious] Ladies of Reddit what's the dumbest most overconfident statement a guy has made to you during sex that you had to roll your eyes at?
Could anyone who knows how to communicate with Stephen Colbert please send along a couple of suggestions from a huge fan?
During this extended break from the real world. What have been new or different ways you have learned to cum?
Are there lazy bee’s? Like some that just want a day off or are slacker bee’s?
What’s a fun thing to do to pass time?
What’s something you’ve learned while quarantined, either about yourself or the world?
What are some uncommon/traditional dishes that everyone should try?
what changed your life?
who did you underestimate?
What’s something that you really lucked out on in life that you feel bad about?
I am going to undergo surgery (septoplasty) in about a week, and I am scared. Any tips to not feel this way?
What is a useless fun fact you know?
what is the worst service you have ever had at a restaurant or a drive thru?
What’s something you think people only pretend to like?
Are there any Osage Nation people on this site? Have some questions for you since !'m writing wy story using the Honga as the "Fairy People" in wy story. Just want to make sure ! get all aspects of wy research down and actually talking with someone would help?
when did you lose, but were happy about it?
What's something that you like, that other people find weird?
Will colleges become test-optional due to Covid-19?
What if you are the last male on earth?
What are the possible outcomes for this post. The most downvoted. Or the most upvoted post on Reddit?
What size is a good size for a woman?
what book really shouldn't have been written?
What is a disease/medical condition that sounds fake but is 100% real?
What mistake has cost you a job?
If you inherit 100 million $ from a dead industrialist, what one thing would you spend it all on?
Witty comments: what are some of your best comebacks when someone is annoying you?
Why is being a woman so easy?
What are new or different ways of reaching orgasms? That we shall be trying during this extended break from the real world.
What spelling or autocorrect error caused the biggest misunderstanding in your life? How did you resolve it?
What is the best short story you can write in one post?
DND players of reddit, what was your most memorable “what the actual fuck? that’s not possible... moment?” that was actually a legal move in game even though you were absolutely sure it wasn’t?
What are great "fuck everyone "songs?
How can one refer to sophomore + junior + senior students?
If you could have any trait from an animal, what would it be and why?
What does your zodiac describe you?
people who've encountered real life Karens: what happened?
What kind of dog would you be?
What’s an app on your phone that you rarely use?
[Serious] Have you stayed in a toxic relationship that actually got better? What changed?
What are the best science jobs and why?
Why do most of the adults think that teenagers have no experience in life at all?
Flat Earthers - If the Earth were flat, what is the motive behind so many aledgedly lying about it? What is the goal?
What’s something you used to do thinking it was normal, but found out it wasn’t?
What is something that happens to everyone but no one ever mentions it?
What is most forbidden to you?
What is a real, indisputable experience you have had with a ghost?
Is there any goal for humanity that would be worth sacrificing a large percentage of the world population? Why or why not, and if so, what goal?
What scares you most about the future of our civilization? What do you predict will happen within the next 100-200 years?
When a chicken lays an egg, does it go through the same amount of pain as a human giving birth?
What is in your nightstand?
Why do religious people think their religion is the superior religion?
People of reddit, what can be learnt in less than a week that impresses people?
Dear Redditors, what kinds of people do you hate the most and why?
What if your ex is your boss?
[serious] people who were born athiest but became religious later on what's you story?
What are some favorite poems?
What can a Philosophy major get you?
What kinds of people do you love and why?
[Serious] Fathers that did not want children how do you now feel about being a father and why?
When will we get Elden Ring news?
Doctor's of reddit what's the weirdest thing a patient has come in for?
Who is the rudest celebrity you've ever met?
What's the scariest video game you've played or are playing?
Gamers, what game have you really been enjoying playing lately?
What animals do you think get the most undeserved hate?
What was one of the most irrational things you got sad or angry about as an adult?
Pianists and musicians of reddit, what's the best starting keyboard for someone interested in starting to learn the piano?
how did you see the error of your ways?
If there was one common saying you could eliminate from speech, which would it be and why?
Multi-lingual people of reddit, what mistakes have you made while speaking a non-primary language?
What is a simple thing that people should be doing right now?
Reddit folks. When's the one time you have felt genuine fear?
Someone hands you $1,000 dollars and a time machine. How do you become a trillionaire?
what are some things to say when a conversation has died to keep it going?
Redditor’s, Who found money on the ground. How much did you find?
What is the most savage thing you have ever done?
Will turning down the resolution on Xbox make gaming online less laggy? It’s downloading less to show the image right?
How do you handle making a mistake at work?
What’s your worst sleepless night story?
Flat Earthers, What was it that made you one?
How do you get awards?
What is the most non-sexual turn on for you?
Graffiti artists of reddit, what are some of the creepiest paranormal incidents you’ve encountered while scouting for spots to tag?
If any book had a squeal what would the title be?
What makes girls horny?
If you can stuck in the particular age, which age would you choose ?
Why am mv roommate(Best friend) puking right now?
(Wrong Answers Only) What does COVID stand for?
Is there a word for sophomore + junior + senior?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done for the correct reasons?
If the cells in your body were personified, which type do you think you would get along with best?
What is something you always thought you wanted, but hated when you got it?
How did it go with the dating app?
What is your country sensitive about?
Wedding photographers of reddit, could you tell when the bride and groom weren’t in love based on how they looked your pictures?
when did you realize love does exist?
What stereotype did people assume about you that genuinely ruined/helped your image?
[Serious]Why was the FBI afraid of everything in the 80s?
What few sentences would make a great introduction to a movie you have in mind to pull in an audience?
Dear reddit what is the funniest/strangest thing that happened when turned on your device next to a family member.
What was the most regrettable thing ypu have ever done?
Which song lyrics that really hits you hard?
What's something you thought you were good at until a professional completely outclassed you?
What are the pros of being bald?
Can you fall in love just with someone's personality?
What's the "weird flex but ok" you have heard?
What is your cats name?
What is the dumbest thing someone has cried over during an event?
[Serious] Why are some people (usually women from experience) so resistant and hostile towards the idea that an average looking guy, in his mid 30s, with a decent job, who hasn't dated in years, has no interest or desire to date even though he's not gay or asexual?
what always shuts a person up?
What is going on over at Sports Networks?
What's the strangest thing that you do every day but forgot how to do?
What do you like about your life?
What Show/Anime/Movie/Game made you cry?
What are the bad things to do when using Reddit?
when did you win, but wish you hadn't?
Non-Americans, how are your news outlets reporting on America's response to the current health crisis?
Who's going to watch that last episode of Westworld again and why?
Do you think lsd leads to another dimension
What are some relatively recent high profile cases of companies being caught with Human Rights violations or exploiting laws in foreign countries?
When counting sheep while trying to fall asleep, do your sheep jump to the left or to the right ?
How many pieces of clothing do you own?
What is the coronavirus like?
you’re stuck in a video game for 1 week. you can’t use any cheat code and if you die in the game you die in real life,but every thing you win or earn in the game (money,cars,houses...) will be brought to your life. which video game do you choose and what do you do?
Why do Millenials and Gen Z'ers trash talk, act all high and mighty and mock baby boomers when half the things they do makes them no better?
What is the difference between balls and boobs?
Students of Reddit what is your In(out) of school suspension or expelling story?
"Essential Workers" of Reddit - What do you do, and do you agree your job is essential?
Redditors who were at a laundromat with clothes in the washer when a blackout happened, what did you do?
OPs who reply to defend themselves in AITA, why did you post to begin with if you object to YTA?
What is the best website to make a custom pop quiz?
Have you ever ran away with someone? How did you do it?
If you could get your salad tossed for free would you do it and why?
What’s the worst that could happen if you get off of Reddit right now and go to sleep or do something productive?
How do you feel about the Acting Secretary of the Navy who was hand picked by Trump personally berating and ridiculing the crew and former Captain of the USS Theodore Roosevelt over the intercom of the ship and telling them that the media is not to be trusted?
how do people react when they hear your reputation vs your actual self?
Reddit users who had a birthday during the backstreet boys reunion tour, how did it turn out?
Askreddit: cheeseburger or hotdog and why?
Guys, when was the first time you got hit in the balls? How did it happen?
What is the best way of assuring your partner that you can be trusted and you will never hurt them or betray them?
How do you post in this subreddit without ending it in a question mark -&gt;?
Have you ever been asked a question “for a friend” that was actually for a friend? If so, what was it?
What are some good skills to learn without leaving the house?
Car people of Reddit, what do you think of people who drive not so nice cars?
What is your/your child’s experience with the new online classes?
What's something you googled and never found an answer to?
What is 2 15 15 2 19 is? Only legends can get that right?
Is there evidence that we are self-aware avatars for inconceivably advanced humans in another Universe, in a networked virtual reality or simulation? Why or why not?
What is the best corny jokes said by moms?
Teachers who have quit cause of a student(s) what did they do to drive you to quit?
Stoners/friends of stoners of reddit, what’s the silliest sesh tin/station you’ve ever seen?
when did 'you really shouldn't have' mean you REALLY shouldn't have?
What is the hardest dietary restriction that you have had to follow?
Gamers of Reddit: What is a good game that takes you on an emotional journey?
What was your biggest blessing in disguise?
What's the worst crime you've committed?
If you lived in the world of Harry Potter before Voldemort dies, would you be on the good side or bad side and why?
What is the strangest compliment you’ve ever received?
Who was someone who you had a crush on when you were younger (real or fictional) that you were really embarrassed about?
music people of reddit what song do you suggest to the DJ to get the best reaction?
Who is the nicest celebrity you have met in your Life ?
What is something that everyone should fear?
If you had the control from Click, how would you use it?
What shouldn't have been invented?
Which cartoon character do you feel like right now?
what's a wierd thing to say?
Your significant other has just done a crime and has come to you for help. What did they do and will you help?
[Serious] What super shady things does everyone ignore?
How do you deal with a self centered dick best friend?
What's the worst thing happened with you during online classes?
What physical feature on yourself do you consider your favorite?
What are some public places in your city you can have sex in, without paying for a motel or whatever?
Writers of Reddit. What is the number One rule of writing?
What’s an injury you’ve had that took forever to heal?
Who is someone of your same gender that you think is attractive and why?
Why did Bill Burr claim that women are overrated?
If you could 'deep fake' any actor into a famous role, who would you want to see?
what actually helps when your angry?
What's a drunk experience you wish you could take back?
People who appear innocent and lovely, but have a dark side, what’s your inner darkness?
What’s a song that you’ll never get bored of listening to?
Let's all try to look at the positives for a bit, what are some random acts of kindness you have experienced during the MexicanBeerSaga?
Laying awake at midnight wondering, "What can I make with croutons besides salad and french onion soup"?
If a clone of your friend is made and you don’t know who is who, what question do you ask to find out who your real friend is?
Whats your best/worst sleepover experience?
What non-horror movie would you like to see remade as a horror?
What’s your personal motto for life?
Just went through the TacoBell drive through and had the cashier ask “do you want to round up?” I replied with a “yes” and she said “how much?” - what’s a crazy/stupid drive through experience you had?
[serious] what hurts more than anything else?
Former bullies what made u change your ways?
What’s a song you’ll never get bored of?
What’s the absolute worst way to spend your stimulus check?
Hello Redditors!, what brings you insurmountable peace?
What’s the best way to court your friend sister?
how did you deal with a cheating SO?
What is the stupidest thing someone’s ever said to you?
Men of reddit what did you do to make your girl feel loved and appreciated?
What's that one scar on your body that has a hilarious story behind it?
What is the stupidest thing someone’s ever said to you?
What's the craziest thing you have done?
Garbage workers of Reddit, what was the most illegal, disturbing or surprising thing you found in the trash?
Do you forgive your parents (or whoever raised you) for the abuse they've done to you?
(serious) What are some go-to headache remedies??
What’s the most desperate thing you’ve done because of being horny?
What’s the right thing to say when someone knocks on the door of the public washroom that you’re using?
How do you fix a broken sleep schedule?
What’s something you always lie about?
What are some spots in your city you can have sex in?
what is the group dynamic of you and your friends?
[Serious] Redditor who are still currently married to their partner of 10 years or more, if you could do it all over again.. would you marry the same person?
How do you initiate sex?
Do you blame China? Why/not?
What is the strangest thing you’ve seen or heard your neighbor doing during all of this?
What's the most weirdest flex you've heard?
If alphabet A is 1 and B is 2...What's ur name in numbers?
How are you holding up?
Men of Reddit, what is that most awkward boners you've had?
when did you hold back?
[SERIOUS] Photographers in the porn industry, how did you get in?
Reddit, what piece of shade do you actually regret throwing?
What was your best excuse for getting out of something you said yes to?
What games have made you cry (not from being to hard)?
when did you win when the odds said no?
What's your story of a called off wedding you've been to?
Redditor’s who would be going to school, have you gone online or cancelled? How has it been?
What’s your toasted sandwich recipe specialty?
Americans of Reddit what's one thing you love about your country?
What are some cute or unexpected and funny cat names?
What are you really glad you’ve been hoarding that everyone used to make fun of?
Reddit people. What is the most dangerous coincidence experience that you have lived or know?
Drug enthusiasts of reddit, what is the worst trip you’ve ever had?
You are now a director on the new “Final Destination” movie. What are the most creative deaths you can think of?
Which type of person are you ?
With the proliferation of politically correct thinking in our media what are the consequences for our culture?
If you had to piss of the majority of people in your country, what would you say?
what concept in your culture doesn't seem to appear in others?
How did you bounce back?
How much do you think about China? Is it deeply embedded in your worldview? Why?
Is there anything you're gonna do differently now (or after this blows over) that you wouldn't have if this whole thing didn't come along &amp; alter our lives?
Redditors who have met a celebrity they adored but afterwards were underwhelmed. What happened?
Ladies of reddit, Have you experimented with ass/ anal play, if so how did it go and who brought it up? *Bonus Question* did you like it and do you still play with the back door??
what made you think you were crazy, but were really the sane one?
What are some things you googled and never found an answer to?
What are you listening right now?
What are you lucky to have?
What is the most unbelieveable thing that has actually happened to you? [Serious]
What's it like living in an apartment and would you recommend it?
People who lost faith in humanity and had it restored, what caused both to occur?
What makes you truly happy?
TSA Agents, have you seen something on the X-ray and thought "No way did they pack that, I have to search this bag to confirm"? If so, what was it?
[Serious] What is the very first memory that you can actually remember happening?
Which do you prefer cereal before the milk or milk before the cereal and why?
Former homeschoolers who now attend university online: how do you feel being home schooled again and having a curfew...again?
What’s the best way to keep your children from “greasing the mailbox”?
what book should be considered a classic but isn't?
What is your name in numbers?
What kind of evidence would it take for you to believe in religion (or some sort of higher power)?
(Serious) What is the scariest encounter you’ve had with another person?
In 1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue. What would be some other rhymes based on important years?
What's something you though would be fun/nice but u ended up being disappointed?
What new thing have you discovered about yourself recently?
What was you're worst sexual experience?
What is the worst physical pain you have experienced in your life and what happened to cause it?
[Serious] Do you know anyone that's gone into witness protection, and if so, what's the story?
People of reddit tall or short bf/gf? Why?
what happened when you became disillusioned?
If you had to give someone the unofficial guide to reddit what it would be?
What are some actually really good movies that have gotten terrible ratings on IMDB or destroyed by critics?
If you were a videogame enemy what would it be?
what is the worst service you have ever had at a restaurant?
How do you truly know if you are unattractive?
Parents of Reddit, how has children constantly being at home affected your life?
What is the best name for a shiny male Galvantula in pokemon?
How do one of these questions get popular? Is there someone that has all the power to get it out there?
What games have you cried over?
What punishment from your childhood had the most profound effect on you today?
What describes your favorite movie but not your sex life?
Waiters of Reddit what’s the funniest thing to happen to you at work?
How do you start a Revolution?
What is the greatest food ever that has no nutritional value or bad for your health?
what is the utmost level of disrespect?
Parents of Reddit, how has children constantly being at home affected your life
What are some ideas to throw a virtual bachelorette party?
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
[Serious] Honestly, how much money would have to be given to you, to allow a doctor cut off two of your fingers?
What ideas as a kid you thought was amazing but turned down by adults?
who is the village idiot?
Peps of reddit, what's a dream you've had that you wanted to be real?
What is one thing you wish you knew when you were younger?
What do you think happens when you die?
What’s amazing to share but weak when you have it alone?
TSA Agents, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever found in a suitcase?
Boomers were heartbroken when Bill Cosby, "America's Dad", fell from grace. Which star would have to fall for Millenials to feel the same?
What's something you wish you had of seen/done but know now you never will?
What has been the strangest thing you've heard someone else say "it's a sin"?
What is something you could never do, even if your life depended on it?
What are some good sites for an International Relations student to check out and why?
gang members of reddit: what are the codes and rules of your gang?
Moms of reddit, what has been your biggest sacrifice for your family whether they have noticed or not?
What is a society and why do we live in it?
Which videogame do you think had the best ending ever?
For those who got caught having sex. How did you handle it? What happened?
Name a time you walked into, then directly out of a situation bc it was either too akward, too unbelievable, or what was expected of you was too outrageous?
What non-horror movie scared you the most and why?
Anyone got any tips on how to dream 'bout your waifu?
What's a food sin in your area?
After a mandatory mourning period and acknowledgement of all those who sacrificed and served, the world needs to have a huge party to celebrate life when this is over. What are your ideas for such a celebration?
How much money does it take to run a successful winning campaign for U.S. Senate?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done because you were horny?
Who are some of the most interesting people in the world these days who many know little about?
What is your name without telling your name?
What was you senior prank?
People of Reddit, what were the differences between what you first thought "Love" would feel like vs. what it was actually like when it happened?
What if the internet shut down? In this strange time we are living in at the moment, what do you think would happen if suddenly there was no more internet?
What is the best accidental nudity you have ever seen?
What is a conspiracy theory that you believe?
What is the weirdest acronym you know?
[Serious] How would you feel if your fiancée wanted to keep her last name? Why?
What is a movie/show that depresses you, but always find yourself drawn to rewatch again because it was well executed/written/acted/etc?
what lesson had to be beaten into you?
What are antonyms that start with the same letter?
What is a fictional world you wish you can live in?
What's the best thing you've masturbated to recently and why?
What's something beautiful yet ugly at the same time?
When has a bug in a video game made me go "fuck this, I'm out"?
Is it safe to look at a picture of the sun?
What is your best "Every thing you just said is wrong" Story?
What is the weirdest conversation you’ve ever heard?
What's an embarrassing drunk story from your past? Would you have done it the same or changed anything?
What's an everyday thing people do that lets you know they've got a lot of money?
You wake up not in wagon on your way to Helgen, but in a back alley deep in Ballas territory. You are now in San Andreas, circa 1992. What's your next move?
Food delivery drivers, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve had happen while on the job?
What if you are john wick?
What movie do you like to see remade into a more modern style?
[Serious] What c0v1d-19 conspiracy theory are you following?
If the devil challenged you to a fiddle-off with the bet of a golden fiddle if you win and your soul if you lose, what song would you play to trump him?
What makes you think that you are on the top of the world ?
Redditors, when did your gut predict something terrible or a terrible event?
How come DJ Paul isn't considered one of the all-time great hiphop producers?
People who recycle others original questions that didn’t gain traction: why?
Russians of reddit how are you taught in school (if you are at all) about the Soviet Russia, Communism, Marxism etc.?
Pepole of redit that think there not atractive how do you respond when some one ask you out?
How did you cope with the death of a family member?
How is a raven like a writing desk?
What a good gay movie or show?
Who's that person that still annoys you just by thinking of them? Why?
How long have you been on your phone today? Do you think it's effecting anything?
What will you never take for granted again once this is all over?
What's the most Canadian movie you've ever seen?
Your username is the most recent Google Search you did, and the last TV show you watched sent your latest text message. What Happens?
You die, and the last thing you commented on Reddit is what's on your tombstone. What does your tombstone read?
What's the worst thing you've done to a friend/family member that you haven't told them about?
Anyone here bored and wanna chat via ps4 party, and if so, who is bringing the beer?
Reddit, what are some things that you thought were fine when you were little, but turned weird/creepy when you grew up?
What's the best thing to ever happen to you?
What if askreddit has a meme option?
What is an embarrassing moment from high school??
What is your favorite movie from the 70s?
Guys, what really makes people stand out from others?
Guys of Reddit, what can make you feel a girl is attractive after knowing her, even if you didn' think she was when you first met?
When does the term "The early bird catches the worm" not apply?
Which book was better: Into The Wild or Walk Across America?
College students of Reddit what's one thing you hate about college?
Who’s a side character in a TV show or movie that you’d like more background on?
What is the worst thing you argued with you parents, and you came out on top?
What was your most embarrassing “That sounded better in my head” moment?
What's your favorite coffee brand?
What's the best sex advice you ever got?
Fuck that bitch carole baskin ?
What is something that makes you uncomfortable that you think nobody else experiences?
What will your conversation with god look like after you die?
What comment or post made you regret being a Redditor?
Your username is the most recent Google Search you did, and the last TV show you watched sent your latest text message. How do you feel?
What made you laugh today?
What's the dream that you were sad to wake up from?
What's the best thing you've recently got for yourself?
Was there ever a time when your worst enemy became your friend then best friend then eventually into your lover?
At what point do you think someone (albeit not legally) stops being a child and becomes a young adult?
What makes you high af?
[Serious] How do you think the year will get worse?
What do you do late at night?
For those who found your soulmate on Reddit, what is your story?
It is 2019. You are told that in 2020 millions of people are going to lose their job and thousands will die. What would you think is going to happen?
If you only had one last Halloween, what would be your final end-all costume and why?
Why do many people like to take pictures in front of bridges?
What kind of porn do straight girls watch?
Currently making a playlist and will add all songs requested in order. What is your recommendation?
What is the worst nightmare you remember?
which one was your first pc game?
Average people of Reddit, what is your exercise routine, if you have one?
What are the best mutual fund to buy in 2020?
People who drive manual transmission cars what are some funny stories you have from driving?
You now have the power to change anything, the amount of something, the dna of a animal, anything, but you can only use this power once, what do you change?
How do you deal with mental overload?
Essential workers of Reddit. Has your employer taken care of you during these tough times. What is your story?
What does the future look like for you guys with everything thats going on?
What does it feel like to be loved?
What’s a luxury you would love but can’t afford ?
What to do on the internet (on your phone) between your friends go to sleep and when you sleep?
who or what is pretty much a pet?
People of reddit what happened when you were caught masturbating?
People of reddit who have always had online school, what are some “tips” to help breeze through the remaining school year?
How have things gone from 0-100 real quick?
What’s something common and painful like stubbing your toe?
Firefighters of Reddit what is your horror story?
How have you adapted in the last few weeks?
what item, if personified as a person, would you kill?
Why are married women so good in bed?
What‘s your encounter with a person that suffers from a rare condition?
What the world needs now ?
People who no longer talk to your once close family, why happened?
People who grew up in a now ghost town, what's the story?
If you went back one year, what would you do?
Redditors who don’t like Waylon Jennings, why not?
People from lesser known towns, what’s the highest profile crime that has been committed there?
What do you usually turn to when your job/career and fortunes are lost?
What is something you saw or overheard that you definitely were not supposed to see or hear?
Who or what made your day a lottle less boring?
You can create a dimension that you control, the side effect is that is only of sand and that you need to build a sand castle to access it, what is the most efficient way to use this advantage?
What is reddit's favorite obscure sub?
What is the best peice of advice you have to offer?
What do you miss?
To non UK peoples, what things do people from the UK do that you find interesting/weird?
Redditors who were in the army, what did you do for fun when you were deployed?
What makes a guy swipe right on Tinder?
Physical therapy students with not the best GPA, how did you manage to still get into grad school? What are some good ways to build a resume other than just a few shadowing days at physical therapy clinics? How did you make yourself standout from the competition with having ordinary scores?
What’s something you hate/dislike about your significant other?
People who hate dogs, why?
What exactly is insanity?
What’s your fav chips?
It’s September 2019 and you get information about what got messed up in 2020 (jobs, deaths, etc), but you don’t get told what happened. What do you assume is going to happen?
What is the most heinous accent and language combination?
What’s the dumbest and useless thing you’ve bought since this whole crazy situation?
who's your favorite character? what makes you love them?
If your life was a drinking game when would people have to drink?
If you are stranded on a island and you had to choose 3 of anyone to be your support, food, and safety who will you choose?
How are you liking your partner's/spouse's/ work from home avatar? What surprised you the most?
How does r\memeeconomy work?
[serious] how do you respond to criticism?
Former fat guys, how has losing weight impacted your dating life?
Was there a moment in high school when a teacher just erupted at a class?
What are good topics to talk about with a group of friends?
Former bullies why did you bully and do you regret it?
What are your tricks for staying motivated, especially in these times?
What’s something music has lost in recent years?
what character do you hate that everyone loves?
Redditers who are deadass, what is it like to be deadass?
Do you remember what was revealed the day the music died?
What's the most badass thing you've done in your life?
whats the wierdest thing you've seen in the woods?
What is the correct saying: restroom or bathroom?
What are some fun engaging games and activities to do via zoom or video calls?
What is the stupid thing you did as a kid that keeps you up at night?
People who have reported activity to the authorities for a reward (i.e., "information leading to arrest rewarded with up $2,000" and such), did you actually get money, and how did it go?
Why don’t we have a maximum wage in America?
When a girl boots her brother (or any other boy) in the babymakers really hard for no good reason, why isn't that seen as the absolutely horrible, disgusting, potentially traumatizing thing it is? How is she better than boys who beat up and grope girls?
What's the best way to win at life?
What’s a dumb movie that you otherwise enjoy?
Women who have pierced nipples, does it hinder breastfeeding when you have babies?
What do you think would happen if god didn’t rest on the 7th day?
any ex of your choosing will come back to you, who is it? why?
How would you notice and break out of a time loop?
What is one thing that isn't scary but should be?
What are your real/unreal plans for becoming a billionaire?
Single Issue voters, what's your single issue?
what is the guy equivalent of a thigh gap- the borderline unhealthy thing guys look at as a marker of being skinny?
people who believe in past lives: what do you think your past life was?
What would you do within one week if you woke up as the most powerful person in the universe?
Redditers who live in Alabama, why your siblings? Just why? Why do you do that?
If you only got one last Halloween, what would be your final costume?
If there's a shortage of medical-grade masks how are celebrities able to source them but not hospital suppliers?
people who like to argue: what's the dumbest argument you've been in?
How many redditors can sing revenge?
Everyone lives 50 waking years. You must be awake at least one hour per day. How does the world change?
Every human is given the ability to go back in time 10 seconds, keeping your knowledge, but only once. How would the world be different? How would you use yours? What about historical figures?
What’s the biggest scam/con you’ve done, but didn’t mean to do?
What's one thing people think is wholesome but you find it disturbing?
What is somthing you do that is bad for your health that you wouldn't want your friends or family finding out?
What was the biggest wrong person at the wrong time situation you ever saw?
when did turn out someone's age was drastically different than when you thought?
If people didn’t exist, what would the insect populations be like?
Retail workers: what happened at your job that caused you to quit on the spot?
How did a layoff from a job shape your future?
How would YOU topple a government?
What do you hate about Ur mom?
Who has made it to their goal weight and hated the result?
What supernatural abilities have you experienced in your life?
What are some good phone games for long car rides?
Are there any platforms to chat with strangers, where people aren't horny?
What movie/TV show/anime scene has actually made you cry?
How many times have you encountered a troll on the Internet?
What is something you wish you had said?
what was your favorite ask reddit question?
How many times is to many times when dealing with masturbation (in one day)??
How did deji hit 10 mil?
Why do Instagram meme accounts get to profit from stealing content off Reddit?
Why aren't hospitals purchasing maks for their employees? It's been reported that celebrities are now donating masks to hospitals. If there's a shortage of medical grade masks how are celebrities able to source them but not hospital suppliers?
What was the worst 5 seconds of your life?
in what moment were you completely destroyed?
Hey everyone, what is the worst store being affected by the current situation in your part of town?
If you could get rid of one corporation, which one would you pick?
streakers why do you risk getting arrested?
When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up? What did you end up as?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
Which fantasy book/book series is your favorite?
Did you tell your man when you took a pregnancy test? Why or why not?
What has been your go to meal this past week? What's that quick and simple recipe that you eaten almost every night?
What's one video game that you still can't beat after all these years?
we all hear the bad pick up lines so what're some good ones that actually worked?
How are you doing today people of Reddit?
How likely are we to experience considerable deflation if the economic stimulus does not reach households in sufficient amounts in this crisis?
What are things that your doing that you have never done before?
Ladies of reddit, when do you tell your man if you suspect you're pregnant, or do you wait until you know for sure?
What's the biggest conspiracy theory that you're sure of is true?
The year is 2016, America has just elected Joe Exotic The Tiger King President of the United States. Fast forward 4 years, how was his first term?
How is your life improving this month?
If 2020 were a person? Who was that?
How does one go about starting a clothing brand?
Gun nuts of Reddit, what’s your favorite weapon and why?
What is your Subway sandwich order?
What's a slogan for your life?
How many vaginas to get to the center of the earth (in miles)?
How bad is this gonna get?
What are some great rappers similar to Young Merkules?
What's the best way to lose it all in life?
The year is 2016, Joe Exotic has just won the election and is not President of The United States. Fast forward 4 years, how was his first term?
How likely are we to be experiencing serious deflation as a result of miscalculation help to households in this economic crisis?
What real-life experience do you have that can be labelled as 'task failed successfully'?
Only wrong answers, what makes someone a psychopath?
People who have paid for a meetup from a Snapchat user, how’d that go?
If Giants appeared on the earth what would you do?
What is the stupidest decision you've ever made?
What is something your crush did that made you instantly stop liking them?
What is the name of your favorite free anime?
What could you be doing right now that you're sure no one else on the planet Earth is doing at this moment?
What is your, "Okay Boomer" moment?
What simple decision takes way too much time for you?
How many Redditors will it take to sing rasputin?
If any US President known for inspiring quotes were President now then what would he say?
Redditers who live in new york........ Are you deadass b?
What is your innovative method of self pleasure?
[serious] Youtubers of reddit, what tips would you give to a wannabe youtuber?
New gamers or people who started gaming later in life, how did you go about learning to play single and multiplayer games?
Why do bad guys have such terrible aim in movies?
What Is Your Most Useless Skill? Most Valuable?
If you could Dutch Oven anyone in history, who would it be?
How prevalent do you think cocaine use is today?
Redditors who have falsely been accused of rape, what’s your story?
Top Ladder players of Reddit, what pisses you off the most when you play Solo Queue in your respected game?
Imagine a SHTF scenario where you're only allowed to bring 3 items. What 3 items do you bring?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Exterminators of reddit, When have you had a "We Are Going to Need a Bigger Boat!" moment?
How do you get ripped abs in six months?
What is something that annoys you about people who say they are good at games but arnt?
When faced with a difficult decision, do you go with your gut feeling or your rational thinking and why?
Replace the main character of a movie with Danny DeVito. How does this impact the character's journey?
Non-criminals, what’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
To those that have fallen out of love and left someone, why didn't you want to fight for the good times?
Millennials and Gen Zers, WTF? Here's your chance to change the world, what are you waiting for?
What is something you dislike about your own political party?
What’s The Sweetest Thing You’ve Ever Done For A Girl/Boy?
(serious) What are some tips for a good homemade creampie?
People who have “hacked” social media accounts of someone you do not know. Why?
If you were able to change one thing about the world, what would you change?
What's something that you can only expose someone for only if you've done it yourself?
What is your opinion on women going braless?
What do you miss about life?
What's a viral YouTube idea?
Couples, what’s a cliche about relationships that couldn’t be farther from the truth?
Your SO suddenly gets disfigured to the point that you don't even recognize them anymore. What would you do?
What strange behavior/habit did you added to your life after a movie or serie you've seen?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that you’ve done recently?
What is the weirdest thing your pet has done?
Your job is to make the most dangerous and most powerful animal hybrid ever. What 2 animals do you choose?
What is the Easter Bunny bringing your kids this year?
Whats the scrariest thing you heard from you closet?
What’s One Thing People Would Never Know About You Just By Looking At You?
You were gay for a day....What would you do ?
What is one thing you would never do, even if your partner gave you permission?
Which movie has your favorite film score?
What is the most infuriating subreddit?
Who are your top 3 celebrity crushes?
What are some good late-night low-noise snacks?
What’s the weirdest top of your excuse for sneezing you’ve had this past month?
Do you have a favorite fork/spoon if so why?
What is a way a diabetic can sell their excess insulin to others instead of it just going to waste?
DnD players, what is the best online platform to control an RP/DnD world?
What time is it in your country now?
People of Reddit, what is something that was present in the early seasons of a TV show that disappeared without an explanation?
What’s on your mind?
What are some situations where hard work doesn’t beat talent, even when talent doesn’t work hard?
What’s on your mind?
If your partner let you, what one thing you still would NEVER do?
Former fat guys who got fit to attract women, did it help? How did you stay motivated in difficult times?
What is the first thing you are going to do after this whole thing is over?
What’s on your mind?
What’s on your mind?
What does it mean to be free?
How do you deal with death?
What sound at its normal volume becomes preternaturally terrifying when played at high volume?
What’s the most embarrassing experience you’ve had with the opposite gender?
What gets worse the more you look at it?
In response to another thread, what is the craziest stipulation you have seen in someone's will and did it actually hold up or end up being carried out?
If you were the only person in the world that had the ability to lie, what would you lie about ?
What is something that you saw that will never, ever get out of your head for the rest of your life?
What are you using to cover your face?
What is the ROFL thing you did in hangover?
You can only live once, how do you live it?
Dear Redditors, what do you believe happens after death?
What are some tips for moving to Gary, Indiana?
[SERIOUS] What's something you've always wanted to ask a male?
To: Donald Glover, how was it couch rapping with Betty White?
You can read people's minds, but only for one set hour every day. What timespan do you choose and why?
What's a good broken heart song?
What song fits your mood at the moment?
What’s your favorite band/artist?
RIP Al Kaline, but why does NOBODY ever mention the fact that his name looks like "alkaline?"
What is something that is way too overused?
Redditors who could be considered "rich" now, what do you remember the most about being poor?
What story element does the current global crisis need to produce a best-selling dystopian novel?
Essential workers of Reddit, how are you holding up?
Redditors who speak Sign Language, how well do you understand SL from other counties' news and broadcasts? Which ones do you find easier and/or most difficult?
What Is The best Pickup Line You’ve Ever Heard?
People forced to work from home, do you prefer it over your regular place of work and why?
What Is The Worst Pickup Line You’ve Ever Heard?
What's a nickname that's followed you since you were a kid?
If you dropped your loot when you died, what would you drop?
What TV show has never made a bad episode?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen your animal do? How about a wild one?
Which Decade Do You Think Had The Best Sense Of Style?
what would be the name of the company that make futuristic firearms?
Redditers who have seen people before, what are they like?
What’s the best way to stop your brother and nephew from “going to Applebee’s”?
What Is The Most Useless Thing You’ve Ever Bought?
What was your most interesting celebrity encounter?
What Is The First Thing You Would Do If You Won The Lottery?
German redditors: How do you view your World War 2 veterans? Do people just not talk about it, or is it viewed with admiration?
You have $1,000,000 but you can only buy things that start with the first letter of your name. What do you buy?
What are some hilariously bad movie trailers?
What’s something you find romantic that most people don’t?
Why has McDonald’s never sold onion rings?
What Does A Successful Relationship Look Like To You?
What are some websites that will pass the time quickly?
What embarrassing thing happened to you recently?
What are some of your worst date experiences?
What cartoon character deserves to have their own spin off show?
What is the best way to make someone uncomfortable without doing anything weird?
People fantasize about spending large amounts of time with a significant other. Now that it's a reality, what is it actually like?
What sorts of collectibles will still be worth money in 100 years?
Librarians of Reddit, what is your horror story?
what mental illness do you have and what’s the biggest stereotype of that illness?
What do you think of schools that implement “rolling cabbage” policies for students that don’t meet athletic requirements?
What was your weirdest Reddit moment?
What is the hill you will die on?
Introverts, how has your lifestyle been changed?
Is follow back the done thing on Reddit? Just had someone start following me after a convo and noticed the follow back option, what's the accepted etiquette?
Which two celebrities actually look like twins?
What’s The Number One Item You Would Save From Your Burning House?
We all know exactly what you did, so, why did you do it?
What do you think about the current situation?
What makes the current global situation better or worse than a YA dystopian novel?
What's a topic/internet trove you can dive into for countless hours?
What’s something you wish you had home right now?
[serious] Anyone who’s waited until marriage to have sex, what are your success or horror stories?
How does it feel to be in love with someone and get that love back?
What movie had a bad title?
If you could have any animal what would it be?
You have a gun to your head and the gunman says the only way he’ll spare your life is if you can impress with a personal story. What story are you telling?
From now on, you'll only be allowed to play one song on repeat 24/7. What song is it and why?
Parents who make their kids wear polo/collared shirts why?
How to elope without witnesses?
What are some BIG flags on teachers that make you want to drop out of the class?
What happened that still gives you bad Thoughts?
What’s your embarrassing hidden talent?
Simps of Reddit, how much money have you donated to a streamer just to get her/his attention?
What to do when YouTube notifications show up on your phone but not your laptop?
If you could create your own cereal (shape, flavor, color, name) what would it be?
What do you most misinterpret about people and why?
If You Could Only Eat One Food For The Rest Of Your Life, What Would It Be?
What is a habit that seems harmless, but is actually incredibly dangerous?
What are some good scholarships a HS senior should apply to?
What Is The First Thing You Notice About A Person?
what is your favorite tiktok song?
If an Alien species had been observing the Earth for the past week, what would their thoughts be?
What is something your girl could surprise you in bed doing?
If you had a Halo AI, like Cortana, how would you bring Earth’s current tech level up?
What is the greatest intro track of a hip hop/rap album?
What silly purchase do you regret making about a month ago?
What are tips and tricks everyone should know when buying a used car, truck, or SUV from a dealership? What are the best ways to have a good experience and get what you want without being taken for a ride?
[Serious] When was a time that you forgot to warn someone about something, but it was too late?
What is the most romantic/special thing someone has done for you?
What do you think will be in 2021 YouTube Rewind (As shitty as you can get)?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
People who type on their phone in landscape mode... why?
What three habits will improve your life?
Teachers of reddit, what is the craziest thing you’ve seen a parent do?
What are you waiting for?
What's the first thing someone from the 1920s would say to someone from the 2020s?
Artist of reddit, how did you learn?
what movie ending surprised you the most?
What are the unwritten rules of society?
What are some challenges you think the next generation will face?
What is the meal you’re most proud of making lately?
What is a weird eating/food habit you have?
What is something your oddly good at?
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
[Serious] Why is employee housing uncommon?
What ads do you actually like(or don't mind) watching?
Redditors! What it sounds like when you replace your first name with a movie title?
What is a movie you really like from a genre you don’t usually enjoy?
What did you hate as a child because of negative experiences but now you love as an adult?
What have you been doing for fun lately?
Men of reddit, how are you fighting boredom?
What do you like about your life?
[serious] Hustlers of Reddit, rather than just putting every penny in savings, what are some of the best side hustles that bring in steady income and require low-ish maintenance?
What animal would you consider your spirit animal and why ?
What’s the dumbest and most dangerous shit you would do as a kid?
Can someone explain how to get into a private clash of clans server for iOS?
Have you ever beat up someone you've really hated? Like a abusive parent(s), some unsympathetic jerk, violent spouse, or any sadistic, careless person you ever hated. If so, what is your story?
What can people do for mental health support and social right now while stuck at home? Can we please get a sticky here?
Non-heterosexuals of reddit, which TV or movie got the closest to your actual coming out story? If you haven't come out, which do you hope to emulate?
Coupled people of reddit: what is one thing you wouldn't change about your partner?
What is an actual good science fiction show on Hulu?
The only streaming services that exist are company specific, which every company has one. Pirates have been getting caught and punished let and right by authorities. If you could only afford to subscribe to two, what two are you subscribing too?
What is an embarrassing LPT that you would never share in person but that would really help as the missing piece for someone else to figure their life out?
What was your birthday party horror story?
What happened when the guy trying to flex failed miserably?
What special song did you dedicate to that person you loved so much?
What are some important things people have forgotten?
What’s something you used to hate, but now love? What changed?
According to you, How dumb is the current US president? And why?
what is something we all did at the same time?
What’s the most effective way to stop your brother from “scamming the auto dealer”?
What do you need to hear right now?
You now have the ability to bring a deceased celebrity back to life who would it be?
Contestants/Couples that were featured on the early 2000s MTV dating shows like Parental Control, NEXT, etc., how are your relationships now?
What's the most an inanimate object has done for you?
Your crush sends you a meme you’ve already seen 1000 times. How do you react?
Someone that has received a reward for turning someone in, what’s the story?
What’s a completely normal value of yours that you wish were more respected by people in your life?
What’s your favorite word and why?
If you waited In line for 20mins to buy beer and got home only to realize you bought a case of 8oz cans instead of 12 ounce cans how angry would this make you?
What was your best reply to a rising post that no one ever got to see because the post got removed just as it became popular?
What’s the weirdest subreddit you have ever found?
What’s a sign someone is manipulative?
What should this question be asking you?
Do some people actually have the inability to flirt/ understand when they are being flirted with?
What did you do today?
You can greenlight a sequel of any movie you choose, what do you pick?
How are manatees not extinct?
What's the weirdest video you've ever seen on Youtube?
Whats the most akward situation you have been in?
What are the best subreddits for a long car ride?
A zombie apocalypse is apon you, and you have 1 day till the zombies reach your town. You can choose any defense that has been used against zombies, video games, movies, anything. What do you choose as your defence?
What is the coolest Flower and why?
On a scale from 1-10 how illegal is it to gas an elementary school?
What is a little thing that shouldn’t bother you, yet it infuriates you?
Dear Reddit, what is your best pickup line?
Why do you feel lonely right now?
For collage whats better laptop and or PC?
iPhone users, what’s your weekly avg Screentime?
What are some good (interesting or funny etc.) videos to watch during this boring time? (not movies or shows, just like youtube vids)?
If you would be a Candle...what type of Candle would you be?
What's the funniest gadget you know?
What is your hometown known for?
Redditors who prefer Bing over Google: why?
What’s the end goal for humanity as a species?
How can they say we are near peak when we still have a shortage of tests and have no clue how many have it?
What is a pickup line that either worked for you or on you?
Oceanographers of Reddit: what is your favorite fact about the oceans?
What creepy things have happened to you late at night or early in the morning?
What you guys think of NEFFEX?
How do you fix Spotify from pausing songs?
What is the best unsolved internet mystery?
What does a "Request to Post" (instead of "Post") button mean?
What is an amazing food that everyone refuses to try because "It looks gross"?
If you had to choose between people hugging with their arms around your neck and hugging you with their arms around your waist, which would you choose and why?
What’s your longest snap streak and why are you still going?
With all of the negative headlines in the news recently, What makes you optimistic about the future?
Whats worst than a rapist?
Redditors...What's your battery percentage?
People who were already struggling with loneliness and isolation before the crisis - how are you doing?
If you pet could speak what accent would they speak in and why?
What is the moment when you have felt the worst physical pain in your life?
your name is how you die. what is your demise and how do you feel?
What was a good “shit not now” moment in your life?
People who watch real life gore videos on reddit or elsewhere, why?
What extraordinary feat can you trivialize through phrasing?
How does porn negatively affect the brain? [Serious]
What was your best reply to a rising post that no one ever got to see because the post was removed right as you were about to make it rain karma?
Ex gamers, what event or moment put you off gaming?
Students and workers of reddit that have moved to video chats, what is the funniest thing that someone has done on their webcam?
You meet yourself, only 5% better. What are they like?
What is the one thing you wish you’d done years ago, and more importantly how did you deal with the regret? [serious]
What is the most awkward moment you have experienced?
What is a good way to make money while in quarentine?
What’s the most amount of money you’ve been scammed of?
If you could design and build your dream house, what unusual parts would it have?
What song is currently stuck in your head?
What loot would you drop when you die?
[Serious] Who is combining stationary bike fitness and gaming? Any advise on bikes, games, VR?
Redditors, what is the most appropriate song right now?
What are you craving right now?
[Serious] What are some ways to help an online friend with their anxiety?
What is a question you have but don’t actually want the answer to?
Gamers of reddit, what's the weirdest or creepiest thing that happend during a minecraft gameplay?
What is the one thing you thought would be easy to fix, but it ended horribly wrong?
Redditors that fully quote comments you reply to, why?
What's something you hated as a kid but love as an adult, or loved as a kid and now hate as an adult?
What is the last thing in your notifications?
[serious] What are the long term effects of pregnancy on the human body that nobody talks about?
In a parallel universe, your alternate self discovers a way to peek into this universe and has been observing you today. What did they learn about you?
Your goal is to freak out your enemy by choosing one super power, one weapon, and a name for yourself as a super hero. What do you choose?
What's the most useful thing you have at home?
Whats a usesless skill you regret wasting time learning?
If you could hollow out a book to stash your weed, which book would it be and why?
Where and how did they get the atom they used for atom bombs?
What is the female equivalent to a Chad?
How do you react when anyone assumes something about that is incorrect?
What's your favorite movie in the Pirates of the Caribbean series?
Store Employees, What Made You Deny A Sale?
You have to choose a super power, a weapon, and a super power name to freak out your enemy. What do you choose?
What percentage of people do you think ever reach their full potential?
Why did you join Reddit?
when did you find out your gay?
What was your dream job as a child?
Depressed people of Reddit, when was the last time you felt genuinely happy?
Do you think the amount of disobedience in the military is higher this day in age and why?
Which movie franchises have you watched in their entirety?
What is your most meaningful tatoo?
Women of Reddit, what do you think the average dick size is? [Serious]
When you make a tuna sandwich, do you mix the mayonnaise in the can or put it on the sandwich?
Reddit points are now the official currency. What do you you do to make currency faster?
[Serious] What are some good institutions, charities, et cetera that you can donate time to despite the current situation in many countries?
What happened on the day that changed everything?
What’s an embarrassing memory that you think about from long ago that still makes you cringe?
If swearing is considered immature why is it called adult language?
[serious] What’s the science behind why we never forget song lyrics, even after not hearing the song for years?
What’s the weirdest ASMR video/sound clip you’ve ever seen?
What have you done or seen that backfired horribly?
If you know your friend is having an affair, should you tell their spouse/partner? Why/why not?
Anime Watchers of Reddit, whats your favorite anime OP?
Who would be the worst celebrity to be stuck with right now?
Reddit, what describes tour personal heaven or hell?
What is the worst debt you have owed?
Why in back to the future 3 did Marty walk around in clothes covered in baby piss?
What is this low frequency pulsing sound at night and how to stop or reduce it for some quality sleep?
How often do you hang out with friends this month?
[Serious] People that have had relatives pass away recently or otherwise, how did impact your family dynamic from that point on?
What's the best/most funny communities on Reddit?
What is your hobby and how did you discover it?
Who would be the worst celebrity to be quarantined with right now?
What is your useless but kinda cool talent?
What will be one of the first things you do when the shelter-in-place orders end?
Do you prefer to have sex with different people all the time or with the same person all the time? Why?
What are some movies where the villain wins or villains are atleast successful in some way?
If you could eat one food everyday for the rest of you life without getting sick, what would it be?
What is your worst “I got way too drunk” story?
Without saying the name of it, which country do you live in?
What's a website that sounds like it should be SFW but isn't?
What's your best "pics or it didn't happen" story and photo that you can share?
Everyone often talks about their ideal traits in a partner, but nobody's perfect. What are some not so ideal traits in a partner that you can tolerate?
What would you do for love?
What’s something that gets an unnecessary amount of attention?
If you could cast a magic spell that would grant everyone else in the world eternal life, but kill you, would you do it? If so, what preparations would you make? Would you want them to try to resurrect you?
If you were able to see when someone would die and jt cant be changed, would you warn them?
How would you react if your girl admitted that she masturbates to the sound of your snoring?
What is the coolest artifact you own and how did you get it?
[Serious] People who had testified on court, how was the experience?
What do people (who have never taken drugs) imagine drug induced hallucinations are like?
Da ya think your nightmares came to an end, and since when ?
Who can explain why the stock market continues to make significant gains back even as data related to our current crises (OPEC, unemployment and the pox that shall not be named) continue to show horrible outcomes over the coming months or more?
How do you guys deal with saddening nostalgia?
What are questions you guys ask yourself everyday in order to not experience goal conflict?
What's the coolest website you've visited that no one knows about?
What changes do you expect to see around after all this have passed and gone ?
If you could improve on one thing in your life what would it be?
What’s the most effective way to stop your brother from “mowing the donut shop”?
What's worrying you these days and can you do something about it?
If in real life there was a vigilante taking the law into their own hands, would you realistically support it? Why or why not? How do you think it would affect the real world?
What’s a movie that made you really sad that shouldn’t have made you as sad as it did?
Ex-neonazis of Reddit, how did you get in and how did you get out?
People who found themselves in AITA posts, what did you do?
People of Reddit. How do you set a phone to stay toggled on 'Night Mode' without it defaulting to 'Day Mode' every time you open Reddit (website on mobile, not app)?
How do you imply that you’re joking without saying “jk”?
Dear 2020, what's next?
What's your "Fuck this, I’m outta here " story?
For redditors with acoustic foam, what brand do you use?
Sleepers of Reddit, what was your weirdest dream?
Unattractive people on reddit, what made you realise you were ugly?
[Serious] As someone who was only 10 and not mature enough to understand it, what were the popular opinions when Obama got elected in 2008?
What is something you will never understand?
What happened when you couldn't control your emotions?
People who have run away from home, what’s your story?
What is something that is better to be second rather then first?
What laws to the universe do you just don't buy into and why?
What are some things that you have been doing your whole life thinking it was normal but it turns out it wasn't?
What celebrities are assholes?
Why are you still on Facebook?
Reddit couples who don't live together, what are you guys doing during this time??
Aliens have attacked earth. What’s your go-to weapon of choice?
To whom do you currently owe an apology, and why?
Why do you keep so many plastic bags in your house?
What would you personally consider Barley Lightfoot form Pixar's Onward to be, a bard or a barbarian?
The movie industry decides to make a comedic movie of every historical event. What are some of the names of those movies?
What exactly does honor mean in terms of “it would be an honor to ___”?
You are meeting a blind date for the first time. What would be the very first thing you notice about them?
What happens if you lose most of your brain cells by inhaling nitrous oxide (NOS) from balloons at parties?
Why are journalists not asking President Trump questions about his accountability? Every day there is another journalist who gets dismissed and berated. Is there no one who has the gumption to hit this guy with a real question?
People who like finding spoilers for movies/tv shows, why do you do it?
Principals, what was the craziest thing a student did?
What would you say to your pet if they could understand you for 10 minutes?
[Serious] What's keeping you from happiness apart from the current situation?
What are the best, unknown movies?
Knock, Knock. Who's there?
Whats your favorite analog games?
What is more important for you boobs or ass?
What’s something that can’t be taught?
A Movie About Your Life Is Being Made. Regardless of the Story, Which Celebrity Do You Want to Play as You and Why?
What's your weirdest non-sexual turn on?
what was your favorite disney channel movie growing up?
[Serious] Former members of organized crime groups, what was it like, or do you have any interesting stories?
what childhood show do you miss the most?
What is something everybody has but no one wants?
What made you stop saying “it’s fine”?
What song can always get you onto the dance floor, even if you’re not typically a dancer?
What's your most favorite shirt that you own?
Is it wrong to order delivery during this time? Why or why not?
How does it feel to be spending so much time in the house ?
Artists of Reddit, other then hands, what is the hardest thing for you to draw?
If you're homo but finished as a lady, do you think that it should be better than a lady turned into a big dick, for what ?
How are the animals in your home reacting to staying home all day?
Why are you not killing yourself?
What are some things about yourself you think people care about but they actually don’t?
What is a guilty pleasure you would take to the grave if it meant keeping away from people irl?
whats the best way you pranked someone?
Chaperones of school dances, what are the craziest things you've seen?
Who’s an artist you recommend everyone should listen to at least once?
What took you awhile to get used to?
Why do news reporters always say “In a statement...”?
What are some lighthearted forms of physical affection that you love?
Who is the character from any fictional stories do you love to hate?
Why is their significantly less nudity in modern films compared to those from the 80s and 90s?
People who hate Nickelback, why?
It’s your last day at your job, how do you end your career there in style?
What is your talent?
(Serious) what started out as something small, but then ended up into something huge/terrible?
Inmates of reddit. What were you jailed for?
How does one cope with the reality that they will probably die alone?
Pedophiles (attracted to children) of Reddit, would you ever act on your desires, and how do you feel about your attraction?
You suddenly have an evil doppelgänger that knows everything you know. What is the worst way they can ruin your life?
People who were in long term relationships / previously married, what was the point when you decided "im done with this"?
Now that everyone is working from home, what have you found out about your partner's "work personality"?
Conservatives of reddit, what are some craziest qanon theories you have come across?
You are homeless, no job, no money, how do you survive / get back on your feet?
What’s a movie that made you really sad that shouldn’t have made you as sad as it did?
What's your favorite computer flash game from the 2000's?
What would you say you spend most of your past three weeks doing ?
What is your favorite conspiracy theory?
What is something you did as a kid that still haunts you to this day?
What do you wish you could understand?
What are the most wonderfully designed products?[Serious]
What started the rise of all the scams and fake solo cam girls that you see all over dating sites and social media?
(Serious) Professionals or history enthusiasts, what is something that happened in history that schools don't tech you?
How to end 1-month pregnancy with natural ways?
What is the most haunted experience you had in a game?
whats the best way you got revenge?
What species of talking animals haven't been featured in a CGI animated movie yet?
If all of reddit (US) were to hunt down and vote for the greatest American, independent of political party, how large of an impact would it have on the election; what would be the likelihood that our president would win?
Artists of Reddit, what is the strangest commission request you have ever received?
If you had the power to create your own language, what would you name it and why?
What do you wish you understand?
Whats the weirdest hobby you've ever encountered?
What type of talking animals haven't been in a Pixar type animated movie at this point?
How was your day?
[NSFW] Whats the difference between a fetish and just something that sexually excites you?
How does your dad respond when your mom asks for a foot rub?
What sucks most in your life right now?
What was the most wholesome thing you’ve ever experienced in your life?
If animals local to your area randomly spawned a la Minecraft in poorly lit areas and at night time, how would your life be different?
What’s the best way to get rid of an ingrown toenail if the nail is very short?
What was the most rude game (not computers) that you enjoyed with your gang as child?
What is/was the best stage of your life and why?
Uber drivers, what’s the worst passenger experience you’ve ever had to deal with?
[SERIOUS] What is your Wrongful Termination story? Did you rightfully fight back - during and after the fact?
Where had you planned to visit this year and now it's called off?
Men of Reddit, if you have, why kind of things have you done to deal with thinning / loss of hair?
What is your favorite podcast to fall asleep to?
What’s something you’ve learned or want to try since being stuck at home?
How would the history of the world be different if dinosaurs never went extinct (assuming humans still made it)?
What are the most common characteristics in successful people?
What can a woman do to be more attractive?
What is the strangest thing you have considered during this time of loneliness?
What are some good long game pranks to play on friends?
What’s a book that you’ve never read, seen the movie of, or heard the plot in any way that you can summarize based on the title?
What are productive things you can do while at home?
You can deny the worst person in the world one cooking ingredient for the rest of their life. Which would you choose?
Who is your favorite person in the whole world and why?
Why do some people believe Joe Biden will be America’s next President?
What was the creepiest experience you've had on roblox?
What is your best/worst copypasta?
What makes you nostalgic?
How is Intelligence Measured? By How Quickly an Individual Learns New Information, or By How Much Information an Individual had Retained in Long-Term Memory?
What horror movie really freaked you out when you were a kid?
What are so good long game pranks to play on friends?
Why are so many redditors obnoxiously pessimistic?
How are you doing?
Who’s the cockiest person you’ve ever met?
Since we cant go out to bars, refer to your pets as 'the drunk guy at the end of the bar' &amp; what are they doing right now?
So you know in spiderman peter gets bit by a spider imagine that same scenario but with you and you have to choose a animal and you'll get its power what animal will you choose?
whats the story of you and your high school sweetheart?
How can we stop the growth and spread of the intellectual dark web and those who use facts logic and reason to spread racism?
Pansexuals of reddit, what are your favourite pans?
Fellow grads of 2020, what platforms are the graduation ceremony, prom, and other events being held on?
What’s a food that tastes worse the more you eat it?
Do you talk/reply to people as much on social media associated with your real name as you do on here? Why or why not?
What's the last meaningful conversation you had?
Your country’s government puts out a statement that says “all men are now to be considered a sub species and can be treated and owned as pets and slaves.” Both guys and girls, how are you reacting to this news?
Proctologist’s of reddit what’s the funniest way you’ve heard someone try to cover up what they’ve done?
(NSFW) realistically how do people find gloryholes?
Radiologists and Rad-Techs of Reddit, what's the most memorable thing you've seen pop up on the screen after taking an image?
At what age should you stop looking for your mom’s approval?
why didn’t HK make a civilian legal version of the xm8?
You are given the opportunity to rewrite your favorite movie, but you have to change a fundamental aspect of it (such as a plot point or character). What do you change and why?
If you were asked to do something you knew nobody has ever done before, what would you do?
What foreign activity does not make sense, but is a normal thing in another country?
What is your afterlife theory?
What are only stupid people afraid of?
What amount of money would you consider enough?
What companies do you all predict will go out of business?
Will Todd ever turn the radio back on? Why or why not?
What's something everyone hates but does/uses ect?
In response to rudest celebrity you've met, who is the kindest celebrity you have met?
What’s your story behind feeling lonely?
When this is finally over what will the new normal look like?
What small changes have you made to positively impact your day?
You have been forewarned of the date of your death but not the year. What do you do the day before each year?
What things are "normal" to find out on our own but shouldn't be?
What insignificant error in television/movies has completely ruined that show/movie for you?
If you could have any 1 thing in the world right now besides money what would it be?
how do you get over separation anxiety?
What would be the most embarrassing place to die?
How does the big bang theory make any sense? No way a infinite tiny dot produced everything in the universe. Tough to wrap a head around this. Right?
How would the world be if religion wouldn't take off?
Are you someone who shits in the shower and if so why??
What is the female term for "fap"?
Parents who know their kids do drugs, how do they try to hide it from you, and do they know that you know?
Cinephiles of Reddit, what underrated film do you praise?
how many thoughts do you think are thought of in an hour?
What becomes more challenging over time?
Which company or team has the best logo?
What makes you scared at night?
If everyone in the world had to stay home, what would be the new meta?
In Quebec land, it's always cold &amp; windy whoppers, why can't it changes in Barbados kinda results ?
What are some lines of work that are deemed "essential" but shouldn't be?
[Serious] Former inmates/correctional officers, what are some common misconceptions about prison life?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Thanksgiving?
People who claim to be "looking for friends" on Tinder: why?
What would you put on a 32GB Flash Drive for the apocalypse?
What argument will the anti-vaxxers use for 2020?
Border Officers of Reddit, aside from weapons, drugs, etc., what are some of the weirder things that have come through security?
What are your weirdest experiences on reddit?
What’s the best way to deal with a friend who constantly call you and talks about nonsense?
What experiences have you had with a paranormal creature or being?
What great thing would turn into a form of torture if done for eternity?
Redditors who have murdered/killed Someone, what did it feel like, why did you do it and what went through your head afterwards?
Is it unhealthy to sleep late at night even if you get sufficient hours of sleep?
If you could have any one item, real or fake, what would it be?
What will be expected of in the rest of 2020?
What will you not waste your money on anymore and why?
What if we put our minecraft beds together?
what is the best autoclicker?
Why is the 5g conspiracy just a load of bullcrap?
The first oof you look at is your only food stockpiled for the apocalypse. How do you survive?
Doctors of Reddit what’s worse, an inguinal hernia or an ovarian cyst?
What is the best frozen snack food?
Astrophysicists of Reddit, what sort of vessel would you use to try to gather data on a Black Hole Singularity, what kind of armor, would you turn yourself to light if you could (magic powers allowed)?
What is the female equivalent to Post-Nut Clarity?
What fictional President do you wish was running the US?
What would we not know about ourselves if we did not perform tests on animals?
What is the story behind why someone ate something gross and ended up liking it?
What horror movies are made better by replacing the villain with your favourite cartoon character from your childhood?
Dear reddit, has anyone been in a situation in which they were about to be murdered and if so how did you escape?
What are time and money saving hacks people staying in dorms should know?
Redditors who walk in on their significant other when they’re pooping why?
Have any of you ever dated a nice guy/girl? When did you realize they were one?
Which OG Terraria players remember the death sickle?
What word can describe your life?
If you could give the younger you one piece of advice, what would it be?
What are the most annoying or cringe worthy things your siblings do?
What makes you laugh no matter how many times you have seen it?
What's the worst experience you've had getting called out for something?
What is a mythical creature or animal you believe in?
If you lived in the universe of Star Wars, would you be with the Empire or the Republic? Why?
Why don't people realize that marijuana is addictive and it doesn't help them?
What song instantly brightens up your day?
What are some useful tips to help quit smoking?
if they were to make a biography on you, who would you cast as the lead?
What to do when you sneak out?
Who/ What’s pretentious but accurate?
Humans usually say " if I was an animal I'd be a ****" but if your pet was a different animal what would they be and why?
What is the best riddle you know?
So when traveling around Europe what should be done about a phone plan for your phone? And where are the best places to go/when is it best to go?
How important is good sex in a relationship?
What is a piece of music or song that immediately takes you back to your childhood?
Retail employees, what's the most ridiculous thing you saw a customer do during this whole ordeal?
Have any of y'all ever wanted to just give up on life? How did you cope with it?
What was the hardest thing about moving to a different country?
What's one thing EVERY human on earth agrees on?
People who live alone right now, how are you holding up?
What's something in dating that is often considered shallow but makes a lot of sense when you think about it?
Where would your dog go and what would they do in virtual reality?
So, uhhh... anyone else discover a new fetish while self-isolating? If so, what was it?
It turns out, humans are not the most intelligent animals. Ants are. How would that discovery affect how you see ants?
If people were one day able to see everything that has ever happened in front of a picture of themselves, what are you embarrassed of them seeing?
Which is a cartoon TV show you miss the most?
DnD players of Reddit. What was the one thing you are glad/wished was mentioned or done during a campaigns "Session Zero"?
What are the weirdest subreddits you found?
What is something (song, event, etc) that always gives you chills?
Women who have had abortions, do you regret your decision?
What's a well-known phrase from film, TV, or literature that if you hear it uttered you know you're gonna have a bad time?
What is a song that every time you listen to, makes you think or imagine things you normally don’t think about?
What are the tips you refused in turn for another higher widget in spite of the social expectation?
What makes your heart skip a beat?
What are the chances of life on Mars?
You finally learn how to lucid dream. What’s the first thing you do once you fall asleep?
What's something that falls under the "You haven't lived until you've ______" category?
What're some lesser-known but nonetheless effectual Supreme Court rulings?
What's the best lie that sounds true that you know?
what are your biggest goals for 2021 that you will actually set out to achieve?
What is the worst possible thing you could say to turn someone off?
What year of your life do you think you matured the most?
If you found a secret door to a dungeon in your house, what do you think your parents might be hiding in there for all these years?
What's the worst experience with a drug you've ever had?
Who let the dogs out?
Where were you before you were born?
Did you stay single through your younger years of life and do what you want or did you always have a gf?(same person or different). Are you glad or do you regret it explain reasons ?
[SERIOUS] Why doesn’t the state of Israel follow Mosaic law if they claim to be the Jewish state?
What is behind you ?
People the repost content. Why?
What advice did the Witch Doctor give you?
What is the greatest one-hit wonder?
What is a sufficient sacrifice to be able to lucid dream? The computer? The television? The phone? Electricity?
People from Northern America , what's tolerant do you have and what do they mean?
How do you eat a sucker? Like the candy on a stick?
What is the most genuinely horrifying thing you've seen, heard, or had done to you? [Serious]
Waiters of Reddit, what are some of the weirdest special requests customers have asked for their food?
What happened to Moles? Did they secretly die out or relocate? When’s the last time you saw a molehill? What happened to them?
People who have had Shingles, what was your experience like? (Serious)
Hey reddit what do you do when your mom dad and sister physically abuse you?
What could be achieved for humanity if everyone in the world over 18 had to donate $1 each month to the 'world improvement fund'?
[Serious] Former inmates, what's your last day in jail/first day of freedom like?
What's a band you hate, but everyone else loves?
What random skill or hobby do you know ,help you in a life threatening situation?
How Does Inequality Affect You?
What’s something that you heavily disliked at some point in your life and have grown to love?
How can one fight or manage sadness, that caused by thoughts and memories about missed opportunities?
What do you say when you look in the mirror?
What kids game would you think can have an awesome 2.0 version that can be played by adults, and what would be the changes?
Do you think that creepy UK language is all hell crap that is the roots of all middle age provenance pests of all knowledgeable, and what d'you know about that omen ?
What's happening with the Hong Kong protests these days?
What’s something you asked Santa Claus for, but never got?
If you could only play one game for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Dear reddit, what gives you crippling debt?
If you like rain, why?
How are the people of Reddit feeling today?
You’re to date a fruit. Which fruits would be most likely to cheat on you and why?
What is a skill that anyone could be learning at home right now?
To all CBT (Cock and Ball Torture) fans out there. Why do you enjoy CBT?
What is your favorite song of all time? What is the BEST song of all time?
What’s something you should find annoying/ uncomfortable but you actually find satisfying?
Who is the greatest bass player of all time?
What's the biggest thing going on in your life right now, besides epidemic stuff?
Texting your ex seems to be a very real thing right now. Who has popped out of the woodworks to contact you and for what?
When advertisers back out because of fake smear campaigns, how are they not aware of what is happening?
What movie would have been nothing without its soundtrack?
What's a lie you keep telling yourself?
Internet needs a News channel that wasn't censored. Like CNN shit but can say fuck and shit. What do you think?
What are the chances Lung Cancer spikes due to all the lysol being used?
In an Ideal world, (meaning you have the same money and power as someone like Jeff Bezos) how would you use those resources to better the world?
Can anyone explain what a “good sociopath” is?
Soldiers who've fought for the military of a Second or Third World country, what was it like?
What is something you’re looking forward to in your life?
Boys of reddit, what is some inanimate object that makes you wanna fap?
How much do you make per year?
What, if any, drawbacks are there to being fat?
How much do you spend on lunch?
Redditors with a lot of Karma. How did you get it?
What myth or conspiracy do you believe?
You Wake Up and You see Aliens have attacked Earth. What would you do?
What movie is a good example of interesting premise but poor execution?
People of reddit, what has changed in the past year that’s been good?
Lonely Redditors, how are you going to celebrate this Easter?
Why do some men like feet like literally it’s just a foot!?
People who didn't want to carry firearms, what incident made you change your mind?
People who type in all lowercase letters, why?
What percentage of Redditors are incels?
What's your best Karma story?
If you could live in one department store for a whole year, where would it be, and why?
Dog owners of Reddit, what some of the most hilarious things your pet/s has done?
What's your most funny story?
How much do you miss eating out?
Fellow LDA’s (late discovery adoptees) of Reddit, what’s your story of finding our you were adopted? Has learning about your adoption later in life had any noticeable long-term impact on your mental wellbeing?
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?
How do you stay motivated?
Is someone who gets exhausted and worn out from social interaction with everyone except for friends an introvert or an extrovert?
Reddit: What's a good recent show or movie to watch?
What did you do at almost every sleepover?
What were the last words from an online friend that never came back online?
Dog owners of Reddit, what some o the most hilarious things your pet/s has done?
For someone having issues to sleep lately. Whats your advice to dealing with sleeping problems?
What is your stupid human trick?
How come Youtube and Spotify wont work but other website such as Twitch and Discord will?
What makes you feel uncomfortable?
You can complete any quest, for a prize of your choosing. Prizes must be aligned with quest difficulty. What is your quest, and what is your prize?
Is someone who gets exhausted and work out from socially interaction with pretty much everyone except for friends an introvert or an extrovert?
What is your favourite song by your least favourite band?
For seniors in high school what are some important things to learn before going off to college?
You are now a 14 year old 280 LB male, who has no money, lives on an orchard that doesnt sell, and wants to join the army. How do you achive his dream?
What is something that is easier when you are fat?
Hey friend, what's on your mind right now?
What odd thing did you do to impress people as a child?
Why is the tolernt Left celebrating Boris Johnson in the ICU?
Redditors, what is one trait, physical or characteristic, about yourself that you love?
Hey Reddit, were you once enemies with your best friend? and how did your rivalry turn itself into a great friendship today?
What would happen in a bible anime?
Do you use Reddit for any NSFW purposes? If so, what?
How did you fall out of love?
How many times have you had a really good question but it is a yes or no answer?
How do you wish to die ?
How to reduce anxiety that makes you overthink scenarios and misperceive your relationships?
What's the worst secret you've ever let slip?
What are some positive things (big or small) that made you happy during this time of isolation?
What is your most "Oh fuck" moment ?
What are the reasons it wouldn't be a good idea to have Boris Johnson on a non-stop zoom feed so people could make sure he was okay (with his consent)?
How would you define rap music?
What book-based movies could have been incredible if the director had just followed the book directly?
How many times have had a really good question but it is a yes or no question?
[Serious] How do you study for upcoming exams when you have strong feelings for someone and all you do is think about them and want them to text you?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
If you could swap the rules of two subreddits, which subs will you swap to cause chaos?
Bisexuals of reddit, what are your favourite bicycles?
Before smoking weed for the first time, what should you keep in mind?
We can send one meme to space for aliens to see as a recap for earth. What do we send?
What was the stupidest agruement that you've been in that makes you lose brain cells from, just thinking about?
What conspiracy theory made you actually go to Google to see if it had merit?
What do you think is the best part of life right now?
What will comedians riff about when all of this is over?
Who is the most successful person you met by the age of 30? What made him or her so successful?
Who is the most successful person you met by the age of 30?
Those of you who still use MySpace? Why? Are you alone or do you interact with others on there?
What’s the scariest thing that regularly happens when you have sex?
Which weird music is the best to your opinion ?
What made you realize you were in any terrible/abusive relationship with someone?
What major event/thing will you miss out on due to this year’s events?
What made you smile today?
[Serious] David Bowie once said "Planet earth is blue and there's nothing I can do". What do you think he meant by this?
Add the words "...of Love" to a movie title. What movie are we watching now?
What's one conspiracy theory you actually believe?
Which fictional female character do you find most attractive?
What's the longest you've ever gone without showering?
What were some weird kinks and fetishes you remembered during puberty that, when you realized were messed up as you grew older?
What is your most memorable sneaking-out adventure from when you were a teenager?
What was the stupidest reason you were bullied?
If you could chose one anime character to come alive who would it be?
Who's your least favorite pro wrestler?
Ex-soldiers of Reddit, what moment in your military career will you remember forever?
What did you miss only when it was gone or taken away from you?
Dear Reddit, what is your encounter with the paranormal?
Who's your favorite pro wrestler?
What immediately turns you on, every time without fail?
What is the scariest theory known to man?
What is you or someone you know’s alien/UFO experience?
What’s your favorite fast food menu item that was discontinued for no apparent reason?
What did you miss only when is was gone or taken away from you?
Which race of people is superior? Why?
What’s the most trouble you’ve been in?
Who is the greatest anime protagonist and why?
What great comeback you did during a school fight or roast? What was the reaction?
If you could make anything legal, what would it be?
Guys of reddit, what is an unwritten rule of being a guy?
How did you fuck up on your driving test?
What is the scariest theory known to man?
How did you give up soda/pop?
Which thing smell weirdly good to you ?
Who is dead that you would not think was dead?
(Serious only) people who have never been to bdsm dungeons: what do you think it is like?
What's your first reaction when a mod/bot comments on your posts?
Which race is superior? Why?
What is the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you?
Do ya think that Sum41 did fuck enough the world and gonna die in their own blood, and how much they may owe ?
Hey Reddit, what's the most underplayed hit from the 80s?
What do you specialise in?
What seems difficult to do but is easy once you start doing it?
What heart dropping moment made you realize you’ve taken something’s for granted?
Weed smokers of Reddit, how much weed do you smoke in a week?
What was the best light saber battle in the 9 main Star Wars Films?
What’s an invention that’s very helpful but also can be very miserable?
Why do you like chubby chicks?
Which celebrity's death hurted you like if was your best friend's one ?
What was your favorite childhood tv show? Do you still watch it?
You have 1000$ for 1 hour. What do you do?
Doctors/Nurses of Reddit... have you ever thrown up from something someone has shown you or told you?
What's your go-to move to get poop that's clinging to your butthole off?
What’s a good name for a new SNS platform?
Redditors, what will you spend your stimulus check on?
What is a good way to deal with stress and anxiety? What are your tips?
If you were a shetlands native fisherman how many big stinkfish and dragonets do you think you would catch for your sick family?
What animal best represents how you feel today? Why?
Citizens of China, what is actually happening in your country as of now?
What was the event that divided your life into "before" and "after?
When you refer to subreddits to people outside of reddit, do you say R-slash Subreddit name, just the subreddit name, or something else?
Who was the rudest celebrity you ever meet?
Has anyone ever felt like they made the huge mistake of cheating on their significant other and regretted it? If so at what point? Was it right after? When you saw them with someone else? Or when you saw them moved on?
For those that hate PDA, why is that?
If you had a million dollars to spend on a dream vacation with your friends, where would you go? How long would it be? What would you do?
What skills can someone pick up while at home for three months?
What's a crazy Science-Fiction thing that actually exists?
Goddamnit, it’s 2020, what did you think society would have by now?
[Serious] How to get a girlfriend?
Why would aliens even want to probe people’s buttholes when they abduct them??
What is something that is perhaps not eternal, but lasts for a surprisingly long time?
Why are Redditors giving medals to posts about Richard Boris in the ICU? Do you hate him that much that you'd want to see him die?
You go back to the late 80s after NWA blows up in popularity, you decide to show a rap fan the top 5 rap songs from 1999 - 2020. What is your top 5?
Why was there no Reddit April fools event?
People of reddit who have loved someone but didn't act on it only to find out years later the feeling was mutual, what happened?
What company has told you the greatest lies?
Pokemon trainers if you could build a secret base anywhere in the Pokemon regions or in real world, where would it be. ? And what would your dream base have ?
[serious] how do you objectively and rationally course correct anyone who is seriously or dangerously misinformed?
Politics lovers of reddit, what are your opinions on socialism/communism?
Ppl with depression how the first day of therapy?and how are you doing now?
What mistakes are easy to make when we're feeling TOO happy?
What is something you've never wanted to admit?
What's a European problem that you're too American to understand?
What are somethings a stranger has done to you or to someone to make you feel like there’s hope in this world?
How exactly are you supposed to fuel lamps with fat people fat?
What current random show theme/song/movie scene you have stuck in your head that you have had to YouTube ?
What is one food you were totally against trying but now really like?
Charli XCX fans of Reddit, what do you think of upcoming album How I’m Feeling Now? What do you think about how she’s opening the entire process up to fans?
If life's so shitty, why don't they chase the dope dealers, like we chase the rabbits out of the healthy grounds ?
Popular people of reddit, how do you tell when you have a true, trustworthy friendship with someone?
[Serious] If somebody said to you "I'm sorry if this is a bit forward, but you're very beautiful", what would your very first thought be?
Who is your favorite child that you aren’t a sibling or parent of?
What is one thing that you love about yourself? [Serious]
Does eating raw grass or leaves help nutrition wise, Hypothetically if you where in a situation where there was no food but you had acess to water, would eating raw grass or leaves provide any needed nutrients or even calories which would extend for how long you live for?
Genuinely curious, what's your opinion on those who blast music out loud for all to hear, as well as doing so yourself?
What was your moment of "fuck this shit I'm out"?
What’s going on in the world besides this germ that’s going around?
How can one manage nostalgia that makes him reminisce and saddens?
How frequently does High Court of Australia overturn jury verdicts purely because they disagree with the jury?
What is a moment you wish that your taste buds were non-existent?
What's an insult you've heard someone use, that you wish you could pull off?
How to overcome lazyassness and workout?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
What is something that u don't like about school?
What do you think of the Jehovah Witnesses?
Metalheads of reddit, which heavy metal band do you want to see live the most?
Which gameshow host would win a fight??
Why are the notifications for the Reddit app always at 444?
People of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you currently own just because you didn't want to throw it away?
[Serious] How is the public healthy care in your country and what kind of services it provide, like free vaccines?
What's the strangest fact you've been able to tell in a conversation, without getting weird looks from the other person?
What’s an interesting NSFW fact?
Couples of reddit, what you was the weirdest reason that made you to break up in your relationship?
What’s your biggest secret?
What is your favorite word and why?
During isolation, what's the one thing that's made the biggest difference for you?
What question would you ask here if it weren't against the rules?
What do you think is the coolest, but least important, invention of all time?
How much reusability does a N95 mask have ?
Watched Tiger King... now what?
People who voted for Harambe in the 2016 elections: do you regret your decision at all and who would you have voted for instead?
Who here has a bag full of plastic bags in your house?
People that are into conspiracies ( flat earth, 5g, Chemtrails, vaccine etc.) How is your relationship with your family and friends these days?
What was something you were skeptical about until you experienced it yourself?
What is the most breathtaking thing you've ever seen?
Why did you decide to make a Reddit account?
To our redditeers living outside of Canada: What are your fave Canadian foods?
What's the best show streaming right now?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen someone do, when they thought no one was watching?
College seniors of Reddit, with everything going downhill what do we do now?
If you went back in time to the Medieval ages with an iPod, what's the first song you would show people?
Who or what in your life is worth living for?
What is your favorite niche joke that most people won't get?
People who work for or with celebrities/famous people. Whats it like?
Those of you that had imaginary friends, what did they look like, how were they, and when did they go away?
Parents of Reddit, do you have a favorite child? How does that feel like?
So for once and for all, DC comic universe vs the Marvel comic universe...Which one would win, and who would be the heavy hitters on each side?
Who was your favorite character from The Cleveland Show?
Celebrities of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a fan had done?
If they make a movie about human’s histories, what actor would you like to see playing a historical figure and what historical figure would they play?
What is your “Never Again” story?
What's the best advice you've heard on Reddit?
What is the most underrated thing about you?
If you could bring someone back from the dead, who would it be?
Arabs of reddit, do we all have a bag full of plastic bags somewhere in our house?
Interviewers, what’s the most bizarre thing someone did in an interview?
Who chooses who, the dog or the human?
Gay people of reddit,what's the most annoying thing that heterosexuals do in a gay bar?
Artists of reddit what is the most weird thing someone have asked you to draw?
How to deal with deep loneliness?
if a karen kind of customer was a man what his name might be?
Those of you that stopped caring about eating habits, what’s a normal day for you food wise?
Fellow Americans, what would you change most about politics today?
Which celeb has become better looking as he or she gets older?
What celebrity gets a lot of sexual attention despite being unattractive?
lgbtq people of reddit what was something you did as a kid that was really gay?
What’s the story of when you shit your pants?
What action is cute if your an animal but gross if you're a human?
Prefer smoking in living room or bedroom, and why?
What is the meaning of life?
What’s the best way to get through a breakup?
Beans can't be the musical fruit because they're technically legumes, so what really is?
What was the evidence you think was clear enough to prove to Carole Baskin that she killed her husband. ? Do you think she killed him ?
Mother Nature appears and grants you a seed from any 5 plants of your choosing,that'll grow in all conditions and climate,and will always yield a large harvest,for the duration of your life.What plants do you pick and why?
You are visited from the 2021 version of yourself, what do they say to you?
Who is the rudest celebrity you’ve ever encountered?
Do you think that Reddit is kinda display, like there is unauthorized people that messes the whole serious of the conversations, and are kinda miss the train, and like whom ?
Best TV shows to rewatch?
People that work in food service, how can you accurately judge someone by what they order to eat?
What are some killer ab workouts to do at home?
What would you do if we all had to have limited human contact in the year 1990?
Chefs of Reddit: How do you stay healthy and fit?
Is it possible to get c0vid in a very small amount, and it will be mild but you’ll build up immunity kind of like a vaccine? Why or why not?
Girls, how do you feel about all the let down guys? Do you think they are worse off than yourselves?
If Reddit shuts down for 1 year, what would change when it returns?
What would you ask a religious person if it weren’t considered too rude? [serious]
Is if possible to get c0vid in a very small amount, and it will be mild but you’ll build up immunity kind of like a vaccine? Why or why not?
Tomorrow will be the last day of existence. You can spend this day with anyone you want. Who will you be with?
Why do potatoes once they're sprouted look so freaky?
What dream did you have that was so buzzard that it still makes you cringe thinking back on it?
Who’s your favorite band and why?
Government/city/county etc workers of Reddit, what do you wish people understood about what you can and can't do?
Why do diabetics have the sweetest inside nectar?
Heh, you want to make that super intelligent totally bad ass comment? Too bad you need to wait 8 minutes, now how sad are you?
Why don’t you just confess your love to that one person right now?
What methods of flirting turn you on?
"You'll understand when you see it", what happened afterwards?
How would you function in a world where age between teenage years and young adulthood was reversed for the opposite sex?
Where is your favourite place to have sex?
What do you believe is the “greatest evil” in our world?
Gamers of Reddit, what's the best Yu-Gi-Oh card that you have right now?
What is Reddit's opinion on stuff like OwO and UwU?
If Someone Was A Indonesian Citizen Who's Wants To Fly Back To Indonesia From Vancouver and Transit In Japan for 2 Hours Will they be able to Make the Journey?
What is the funniest moment you’ve had in online classes?
Experience with wholesalers like Orangeshine?
What would you think happened if you saw today's unemployment statistics this time last year?
What is the hardest thing you have ever been through?
Why do you people LOVE capital letters?
Exotic Animal workers. What’s you’re craziest story and do you have any dirt on Carole Baskin?
What are some positive things you’ve encountered lately?
People who have strict parents, what is the most annoying rule your parent(s) have or had?
5 years from now, what will be the things you will ask in Google?
Conspiracy theorists: Why do you think there is a major worldwide plague every century?
How many times do you knock on someone's front door?
For people that have used bad/overused pickup lines, how’d it go? What is the story?
How do you see the world in 10 years according to the recent events?
Where is the weirdest place you have had sex?
For those of you that own a Potty Squatty/ poop shelf: How has this changed your shit life?
How important is your SO’s gender to you?
The world is about to the end, what is your confession?
How would you function in a world where age was reversed between teenage years and young adulthood? So girls went from looking like they are 20-30 when they are only 10-20.. then the opposite.. then back to normal at 30
What's the greatest thing you have ever witnessed?
NSFW What is your life story?
What lengths have you went to to avoid a conversation with an acquaintance or friend you know when seeing them in public or thought you might ren into them?
American law enforcement of reddit, how often do you deal with someone claiming to be a sovereign citizen? And what is your best Sovereign citizen story?
What's your " I'm in deep trouble" story ?
If life is a game, what's its best feature?
What cultural foods should we all try at least once?
What's your favorite novel of all time?
What is the worst/funniest thing that you saw on a coworkers computer while they were working?
Tiger King says an adult tiger needs 400 square miles to be happy/successful/happy(?) How much space does a house cat require? Like, is a 500 square foot apartment enough?
Which anecdote of yours nobody(except us) will never know?
What true thing from today’s time could you tell someone from 100 years ago that would absolutely confuse them?
What should people put on their To Do lists and why?
People of reddit, how do you feel about ray william johnson doing your mom?
Students of Reddit, what was a ridiculous reason for someone getting suspended/ expelled?
What skills have you gained so far in self-isolation?
Do you believe in hell? Why or why not?
Stoners of Reddit, what do you like to say to people who treat weed the same as heroin?
Those of Reddit who have long since lived through your teenage or "youth years", what is something you wish your past self knew?
Redditors who believe in astrology, why?
You are given five minutes to show someone from 1697 anything on your smartphone. What do you do?
What's the dumbest thought you're ever had?
What should you do if you get too chubby to get off the couch?
What's the best counterargument you've heard against a belief you hold?
Eye am hungry, what should eye eat?
How to get a femboy/trap gf?
If you didn't have to worry about the bullshit that is social scorn, what would you name your child?
What's something you've always wanted to try but haven't had the chance/opportunity?
What will it (or did it) take for Americans to lose faith in Trump?
If you could start a religion based on any one food, what would it be?
Who should invite who over, the man or woman?
What's one thing you are grateful for in life and what's one thing you wish you could change?
How is your anxiety?
What is your favorite/funniest weed related memory?
Have you ever been in a porn scenario in real life? What happened?
What's the perfect donut in terms of flavor, size, style, and general awesomeness factor?
What’s something kind/helpful that you do for your SO that they don’t realize?
Out of the loop question: What's up with all of the communism / soviet union memes across multiple subreddits as of late?
What's something you never got to tell someone, because you left it too late?
What do you appreciate on Fortnite ?
How are all the procrastinators doing?
What was the one thing your significant other said that was so ridiculous you could not believe it?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
What is the weirdest thing you believed in as a child?
What is the most gruesome scenario you have ever encountered?
If you had to give a TED talk on something to do with internet culture, what would you pick?
What will it take for you to visit China again?
If you're entering any kind of judging competition, and you get to choose if you go first, in the middle, or dead last, what spot would you pick? And why?
What is it like to live in Texas (Midland)?
What names would you never name your child and why?
If ice cream flavors were people, which flavors would be the weirdest?
Doctors and patients of Reddit, what kinds of interesting things have been discovered inside after removing a cast?
What is your story about how you got the ultimate revenge?
When was the last time you felt betrayed by someone? And why?
What superpower do you prefer: time traveling or teleport and why?
Which YouTube channels have the best videos when sorting by the oldest first?
What’s one thing you secretly love doing but won’t admit?
If you go back in time and met your child self what would you to them and why?
What is the worst thing a teacher has said to you that made you feel worthless?
Non Americans of Reddit, do you feel the same way about American accents as we feel when we hear yours?
Would you make a person cry for an hour if it makes 100 000 laugh for a minute? Why?
Who has a stalker in school who ruins their social life?
What in your opinion was the best movie of 2019 or 2020 so far?
What‘s the one thing you truly believe in?
what is the best sounding national anthem, and why?
What is your opinion on anime?
What browser you use and why?
What is a way in which people are hurtful without intending to be?
How to sell a kidney to buy a laptop?
What's the wildest thing you've done / seen in public? [NSFW]
What are some live streamed events coming up (actually live, not pre-recorded content)?
What is the biggest Mind-boggling Mandela effect that you have personally experience?
What is a mental breakdown, and what are some of the things that lead up to it?
Which extra ingredient brings your cheese sandwich to the next level?
What book did you read, get really into, only to be horribly disappointed by the ending?
What it’s like to see with both eyes instead of one?
What is a way in which people are often hurtful without intending to be?
What do you hate about your life?
What do they call french kissing in France?
How much porn do you try to watch every day?
If you could go back in time what period would you go back to and why?
Gamers of Reddit, what's the worst/stupidest thing you have seen a party/group/player do in a game?
Are children more likely to have a tantrum in public than at home? If so, why?
What is 1 thing you don’t regret stocking up on?
How often do you take a shower?
What is the equivalent of a male “Karen” and what does he look like?
If Ice Cream flavors were people, which flavor would be the weirdest?
What is the thing you're missing the most right now?
People who have been through some dark shit, do you tell people? Specifically partners and friends?
What's your guilty pleasure that you don't want anyone to know?
What song describes your mood right now?
If you could be anyone in history who would you be, what would you do, and who would you love?
Which college majors have the worst students?
Who’s one stranger you will always remember?
What would happen if some one was to report a subredddit?
How old and who made these vintage adult playing cards?
Which video game world would you like to live in?
Is one life enough to listen all the songs that exists?
How would life be different if humans had hands for feet?
What’s a risk that you are glad that you have taken?
What’s the most productive thing you've done today?
What are some good songs/audios for montages of looking back over the past year (looking for bittersweet ones)?
What Would You NOT Do For 5 Million Dollars?
Will media (like movies or tv shows) still get lost in the internet era?
What do you know about Mississippi?
What are your top 5 favourite television shows at the moment?
Females of reddit, what do you crave during that time of the month?
How come when celebrities make a donation. they get negative comments?
Which is the most overrated movie of all time and why?
If everyone thought like you for a day, what the heck would happen to the world?
students who changed your major in college/university: why? when did you realize that you wanted a change?
What's the worst thing you've ever done that you immediately regretted?
What song or jingle has been stuck in your head for years?
What time does Harris Teeter post new delivery slots?
Everyone gets a super power based on what country they were born in. What is your superpower?
How often do you gauge feeling from speakers' tonality with excess irrationalism?
What is best sub Reddit?
Hey reddit what's the last video you watched?
What do you think is the worst subreddit?
How much driving does it take to get some freshly made fast food in the middle of the night?
Do you personally think that teenaged murderers should be charged as adults or not as severely? Why or why not?
People who were caught masturbating, how did that go?
[Serious] How do you use Symphony of the Night Editor and Entity Recompiler or SNEER for short?
What's up with consciousness birthing itself from cold dead matter in the material universe as far as we currently know it . . . and did we as humans just happen to inherit the greatest gift to ever grace all spaces?
What Pringle flavor is superior and why?
People who have recently lost their jobs, what are your plans?
Erik's with a K, what are y'all's opinions on Eric's with a C?
Which part of the human body would be the next best option to house the human brain?
Would you believe in what you currently believe in if you were the only one that believed it? Why?
Cat owners of Reddit what are some of your best stories that you have of your cat?
What do you wish was different?
One of my best friends has what seems like hundreds of funny old sayings that are hilarious. I’m trying to find some new material to fire back at him next time he says something like “I was shaking like a dog shittin’ a peach seed.” What’s your favorite old timey sayings or funny idioms/expressions?
What is a good title for a tv series that involves video games and a Doctor?
What’s your worst movie experience?
What is the most remixed of your favorite songs (OSTs count)?
For the older side of reddit, back when messengers had an option to display what music you were listening to, what song/band did you discover due to one of your contacts listening to it?
What is singlehandedly the best TV show of all time?
We are a year into the zombie apocalypse. What are some unwritten rules of combat and building a new society?
What's the absolute best feeling in the world?
Dwellers of the ghettos, why do you live where you do?
Has anyone ever had an "oh shit you shouldn't have seen that " moment? And if so what happened afterwards?
If you had to pick one song to play every time you entered a room for the rest of your life, what would it be?
How do you wake up early?
People who cheated on there S/O, why? How did it end?
What was the most akward thing you have walked in on?
What has made the biggest difference to your relationship with your body?
What is NSFW that you can personally vouch for?
What video games do you enjoy playing?
Redditors who call their biological parents by their name, why?
No stocks - What would be the best way to invest and profit with 19k?
If you could have sex with anyone, who would it be?
What tv shows are you binging?
What’s your favorite type of candy and why?
What are some romantic ways to propose at home? Given the current situation in the world Waiting is not a good option, given what may or may not happen?
What do you think is the most technologically advanced thing we’ve done in the past 10 years?
What is a smell that immediately takes you back to your past?
In what ways is WW2 still affecting the world today?
Do you get chills from listening to music and if so, what music gives you chills?
What is the best way to search for directions within certain parameters?
Business owners of Reddit, what were some of your worst employes?
If you attracted beautiful women but live in a bad area, what would you do?
What's the hardest you've laughed recently?
If you could have lunch with one person alive or dead, who would it be?
What is your least favorite school subject?
What was the kinkiest thing you ever tried? Did you like it? Would you do it again?
Why are some people obsessed with animals?
People who have shit yourself in your adult life, why and how did you let yourself get to that point?
Will you give your laptop to a stranger in need? Why/why not?
What should you do when you're in love with your lawyer, who's too handsome for you?
French speakers from France. How would u describe Canadian French speakers' accent?
Why do you think the simpsons is bad?
Those of you who purposely used the absolute highest setting on the kitchen toaster what were you toasting?
What religion do you follow and why?
What's the greatest irony in your life?
Redditors who are members of the cloth. What is your sex life like?
Why are white people considered the most oppressed race?
What is something that has been passed down the generations of your family?
What is the best way to get directions on google maps or a similar map that only uses streets with speed limits of 30mph or less?
What's your advice for Andrew Jackson?
What are the variables associated with a ‘good’ sunset?
When was the worst time someone whipped open your door?
In honor of never going back to work again, what personality at your office made it an interesting, if not awkward place to be?
Pizza delivery drivers of Reddit, what is the wildest/ scariest/ most bizarre situation you’ve found yourself in?
If you had the chance to change one moment in your life, which one would it be?
You are an uneducator. You do the opposite of education and ruin the futures of children. What do you do?
18+ year olds who are still at home in college, ever feel like you made the wrong decision?
What would be the negative consequences of a world without suffering?
In online poker, how much does colluding with another player at a 9-person table increase your odds?
It’s April of 2019. Future you appears momentarily and warns you to “flatten the curve” before dissipating. What do you think they are talking about?
What is your weird home renovation find/story?
Dog owners who let their dogs kiss/lick them in the mouth. Why?
Why do daddy's lips taste like salty rotton eggs?
Do you think cats are masters of taking naps? Why or why not?
Who will be the first A-list celebrity to succumb to this crazy thing going on? Do you think they're already hospitalized and we won't find out they even have it until last minute?
People of Reddit ,what is the cringiest moment you have witnessed an old person use slang wrong ?
Do you think that an innocent man who escapes jail is still innocent?
When you are at the end of your life what would make you feel happy about the way you led your life?
How is your life? [Serious]
What are some free things to do in this time of quarintine?
What is an unethical sociology or psychology research that has been conducted?
What is your typical shower routine, how long does it typically take, what is your gender, and how long is your hair?
How many dicks in a bag of dicks is too many?
Bitcoin was the biggest fad of 2019, disregarding the current situation. What will the biggest fad of 2021 be?
Redditors who have no friends, what do you do everyday?
Whatever happened to Iran being upset about Sulemanis killing, why did it stop being in the news?
You are given 10,000$ and have to acquire 1,000,000$ within ten years, how do you do it?
What app do you wish didn’t exist?
So people who've had imaginary friends as kids. How was it and Are you still in contact with them?
Redditors who had sex and/or relationships with your siblings/family members. What is your story?
What is scary but not once you know about it?
What's the stupidest thing someone has told you that actually changed your opinion?
Redditors: When masturbating and just trying to get off, what's the go-to person, scene, or thought that "does it" every time?
After all these years, why is AM radio audio still so lousy?
What is your favorite song by an artist you hate?
Which earworm song could you not get out of your head?
How can an individual help healthcare workers get PPE / Masks in India?[Serious]
What supernatural experiences have you had?
Parents with 4+ kids, or grew up in a house with a large amount of people, how crazy is your laundry?
What song, no matter where or when, makes you feel good?
How do you feel that the top post of all of this sub is about why people from 2019 havent pood yet in 2020?
What do you estimate we will learn to be the value of a human life to Donald Trump once this is all finally over and we can divide the sum of Trump’s crisis profiteering by the death toll?
[serious] If you could solve one world problem, what would it be and why do you think that one is most important?
What is a feel-good happy song with no profanity? [Serious]
What was the most difficult part of learning another language?
How does killing someone in a video game make you a better person irl?
What is your animal crossing new horizons island tune?
Where did you hide the bodies?
How are grade schools being taught right now?
What "silly" thought keeps you going when nothing meaningful or "important" thought does?
What is a funny or interesting Artist v Critic feud? Who, in your opinion, was in the right?
Redditers who be on live tv what happened?
For those who had extreme social anxiety in college, how did you feel once you left or graduated? For those who graduated, did your social anxiety follow you into the workplace? Did it improve?
What was an unexpected thing/event/encounter you experienced in vacation or business travel that created a moment (or more) of joy?
People say “Never meet your heroes because they’re sure to disappoint you”, but who have you met that you had a good experience with?
When did someone kill your mood like a murderer?
What is your favorite holiday?
If you were to pass away today, who would you leave your most prized possession to and what is it?
In Hollywood, who has the greatest tits ever?
What food did you like as a kid but don't like anymore?
Where did you hid the bodies?
What do you estimate we will learn to be the value of a human life to Donald Trump once this is all finally over and we can divide Trump’s crisis profiteering by the death toll?
What are the questions do you usually ask Siri?
[Serious] How are you holding up during isolation?
Will there be a huge deluge of evictions once this is all over, why or why not?
What are your favorite quotes or lines from movies/tv shows?
What is your biggest family drama?
Whether accidental or intentional, what’s the weirdest/most painful thing you put into the garbage disposal?
What was the best link that you have found on reddit?
Which movie has the worst ending?
People of reddit,how do you change your reddit username?
Americans who are able to but choose not to vote, why don't you vote? [Serious]
What's your opinion on cognitive behavior therapy for ADHD?
You just finished a filling 5 course meal at a restaurant. As you start to walk out, you are handed a 16 ounce NY strip steak. You cannot refuse the offering. What do you do with it?
In an effort to reduce the misery of seeing your extended family multiple times per year, all holidays have been combined into one single day. What are going to be some New Eastmasweensmemthanksmukkah traditions?
The Book of Your Life has already been written, and you have the chance to read any chapter (one for each year of your life) but you can only read one: which one is it?
How many knives does a person need to have in their kitchen to be suspicious of them?
Redditors who don’t comment, why?
Poker players of reddit, when have you seen a new player at the table lose everything?
Zombie's of reddit how does it feel to be alive and dead at the same time?
What's something weird or creepy your child has said/told you?
People who were popular on Myspace, how do you feel now?
What secret will die with you?
Why do we not put down thieves and criminals? What good are they to society if they are not put in labour?
What is a "You'll understand when you're older" moment, that you still don't understand?
Can you control when and how long you sleep?
What is your favorite subreddit?
How many sq. feet is your 1bdrm apartment?
What's the dumbest thing you've said to a reasonable question?
Whats the weirdest thing you've looked up on Google?
What is the single most horrifying moment you ever experienced?
What is/was your nickname and why?
What is the useless skill you have?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
How to handle white guilt?
What's the most useless fact you've heard which you used later?
Redditors, what’s a good piece of advice for a sixteen year old?
What's an invention idea that you've had that you wish was a reality?
What actress are you in love with and whenever they come on screen you kiss and make out with the TV?
What’s an event that happened in your early childhood that’s emotionally scarred you forever?
What is the best looking way to hang a lot of quotes on a wall ? Is there a maybe a website , where one can get a print layout, text ornaments and nice font. Has anybody seen a wall of quotes ? How was it done ?
What do people think you’re innocent of, but you’re actually guilty of it?
What is the best thing you have ever smelled? (Serious)
What are the topics that every 20 something should start mastering/getting familiar with?
What’s the worst time you trying to do something nice for someone else backfired?
[Serious] What is a good trade to learn if you want to save up money? Why?
What’s the worst experience you’ve had while trying to do something good for someone?
What are the biggest lies that Trump has told the American people?
What's the most insensitive thing someone has said to you where they meant well but it just came off really, really bad?
What is the biggest , “Holy shit I’m still alive!” Moment in your life?
What two out of your five senses would you keep?
Who is a weirdo, or an asshole, or irreverent but but because they get the job done they are don't get punished for how they are?
What's the strangest way that you've gotten a girlfriend/boyfriend?
What is the best joke that you can tell?
What’s a really good feeling that most people have felt?
What is the mass appeal of Tiger King?
What do you do to pass time?
Reddit, What are you scared of?
What annoys you every single day?
What was a show which started off bad/boring but picked up as it went along?
What's something you've been wanting to do, and now have time to do it?
People who live in million or multimillion dollar houses, what do you do for a living? [Serious]
What is the proper order to get dressed? Do the pants or socks go first?
College students of Reddit, what is your favorite thing about college?
People who subscribe to the great man theory of history, why?
As a kid, people always asked what you wanted to be when you grew up. What did you absolutely NOT want to be when you got older and why?
Who is one of the most underrated characters (in anything)?
What’s your best scar from childhood, how’d you get it?
[Serious] What small crime or fine turned into a major scandal all because that person was too afraid to face the consequences?
What would you do if the person of your dreams came up to you and asked you out on a date?
Where to find Indiana Jones 2 and 3 with subtitles?
Pianists of reddit, what did you hate most about piano lessons?
If your username is something you had sex with, what would it be?
How’s Everyone Holding Up?
What’s the best scar you have from childhood, how’s you get it?
Students of reddit, how long do you sleep, while having no school?
What’s that weird food you have in your freezer that you refuse to throw away?
Lying is always something that should be avoided, but what's a situation you've been in or an example of a situation where it's the best or only option to lie?
Who's a weirdo, or an asshole, or irreverent but get the job done?
What’s the best scar you have from childhood?
Ok, so let’s say you’re Adolf Hitler. You’re born 1889, how many wars and d1seases do you have to live through until you become chancellor in 1933?
Redditors who had a breakup three to six months ago, how's your recovery going?
What is something people should learn how to do?
Hey reddit, what’s the fastest way to get to sleep when your anxious?
Is there anyone whose relatives got killed during witch hunting?
[Serious] Redditors, what’s the most toxic fandom you’ve ever seen/been apart of? And if you were apart of it, how did you get out?
What's one thing you grateful for in life and what's one you wish you could change?
What subreddit do you follow/want to follow but don't want people to know?
Writers of Reddit, what stories have you been writing to pass the time?
What was it like to feel repressed memories to come back?
What Would you do as the President?
Gamers, what glitch did you find in a game that turned out to be usefull?
What are your favorite HORROR movies/shows?
What is something you had to learn the hard way?
Any Redditors who were extras on The Dark Knight, what was it really like with Heath Ledger on set?
What the worst thing someone’s said to you with “good intentions”? [serious]
If you a trillion dollars and you had to donate it to the world, how would you split it up, would everyone get a dollar or would several people get a much larger amount, (Keeping in mind you want to do the most good) explain why?
what us your best college experience?
What are some times that your knowledge of a subject, has made you look like an idiot?
Redditors who've had a breakup sometime since Christmas, how are you doing?
What are some corporations that will go out of business due to their significant loss in revenue ?
What is the most outdated piece of technology you still use, and why do you still use it?
How tall were your parents and how tall did you end up becoming?
what character trademark attracts you the most?
Therapists of reddit, how’re you guys doin?
What are things Harry Potter would have noticed if he wasn’t the most oblivious person in the world?
What's your opinion on The Eagles?
What are you waiting impatiently for?
what was the cringiest thing you found on your phone, from a few years ago?
What is bad trait that you posses on purpose?
What's your default post-sex cleanup routine?
What is the best and worst names for both male and female sexual organs?
When was the last time you felt that warm bubbly feeling inside and why?
What photo do you wish didn’t exist?
What is the worst and most embarrassing thing that has ever happen to you?
What do you think about OJ Simpson's verdict ?
what is 1 thing that would progress humanity the furthest?
What's a good idea you have but have no where to share it?
What are your top all time favorite foods/drinks/snacks/candy etc. when high?
What are good ways to get started with data science for a complete novice?
What is the biggest loss you’ve suffered and how did you get through it?
Police officers of Reddit, have you ever been involved in a GTA - Like chase? What was it like?
What were some songs when life was simpler?
So guys, what do you guys think will be the most popular Halloween costumes this year?
What is something that gives you a small freak out?
What difficulties are you facing? How can you solve them?
What is that one cringe moment in your life that you randomly stress out about at 3 am?
People of Reddit, what is a sign that there won’t be a second date?
How did you get your first sexual encounter?
Many video games have hidden secrets called Easter Eggs. What are some real life Easter eggs?
What’s your favorite “Just for Laughs: Gags” bit?
What is something that is considered “true” in popular culture, but you have personal knowledge that it isn’t true at all?
What is your biggest pet-peeve ?
What is something that you ate that’s a food that people say it’s delicious, but really not?
What is your favorite joke?
What are the floating steel things you see hovering over tables in Asian restaurants?
What was the most trouble you have ever been in? How did you handle it?
[Serious] Redditors, what happened when you finally snapped at the person you were trying to be nice to?
What would be your personal “hell”?
What's wrong with saying "I'd like 2 milks please"?
what was the best year of your life and why?
Fast food workers, how do you judge people by what sauces they order?
Redditors who haven’t put at least one “like” on YouTube, why so?
If your wife’s boyfriend kicked you out of the house, where is the first place you would go?
What is the mistake that you wish you died and did not do?
When did you lose your virginity? And with who?
What was your worst experience with spicy food?
Do you like watching footage of the famous Cleveland Steamer? Why or why not?
When did you lose your virginity? And with who?
What is the best or worst adaptation of a book into a movie/tv show?
Saw a funny video today about a person looking out the window with their two dogs and looking at people going by. Does this sound familiar and what is the link?
Atheists in times of need have you ever prayed to god and why?
If your wife/gf had no curves, how would you make her feel better about not being sexy?
What is your passion?
DJs of Reddit. What songs/artists do you turn to when you're losing a crowd?
Instrument players of reddit, what changed the most about you, or how you viewed the world when you learned to play an instrument?
What “classic” movie have you never seem?
What is something that you hate but also you have to do everyday?
What's wrong with saying "I wants 2 milks"?
What is something good that is happening in your life right now?
If you could change one thing about your life to make it better, what would it be?
What is your opinion on monarchies and the fact that royal families exist?
People with a boyfriend/girlfriend/wife/husband, how did you two meet?
If You Were An Ambassador For Your Own Gender, What Would You Say For People To Like Your Gender?
If you could time travel, would you go to the past or the future and for what reason?
Is it safer to go without seeing any people at all, at the expense of your mental health, or to be as cautious as possible but still see friends when needed to stay mentally healthy?
Students who went onto work at the schools they attended, whats the craziest thing you learnt about your past teachers?
What things can people who don’t make as much money qualify for that people who make more can’t receive?
What are some Easter activities for a house full of adults?
Would you live with your parents when they get older? Why or why not?
If you were a athlete when you were younger, whats your favorite memory about playing?
How many people here sort YouTube comments by new so you don’t see top comments fishing for likes?
Who is the most memorable supporting character from any film or tv show?
Why do we need 5G?
What's a seemingly innocent lie you told that had bigger consequences than you expected?
What is your opinion on putting pineapple on pizza ?
Why don't reddit notifications go away after you've opened them?
What is a made up word that should be a word?
What are foods you or someone in your family makes that are very tasty?
What's the most embarrassing thing you have seen in a crowded area?
What would make your current self satisfied with how you turn out to be 10 years from now?
What song never gets old?
What is the biggest bullet you've dodged by just not saying something?
What would a reality check look like if we were all living in a simulation?
Whats something that happened that made you change your perspective on a person?
[Serious] Ladies who post nudes on reddit, how do you feel about guys who aren't necessarily your "intended" audience, i.e. guys from other races, checking you out?
What's a made up fact that sounds believable?
If you woke up tommorow and something you hated about yourself was corrected to your liking, what would it be?
What is or how do you define a „human being“?
Which curse word in an R-rated movie would you change to a G-rated substitute?
Ladies what do you miss the most about being at home while your husband works and you fuck his friends? What are your thoughts?
What are the 12 steps of becoming an Alcoholic?
What made you start believing in certain conspiracy theories?
What's a movie you would consider to be really good, but you can't explain what makes it good?
If You Could Order The Beyotch Slap Of One Person, Who Deserves It And Who'd Execute The Slap?
The current climate in some Intensive Care Units means family members aren't allowed in to see their loved ones (in certain circumstances) - What is an easy, technologically simple and cost effective method for loved ones (many who are old) to see patients within the unit?
What’s a mystery that you still don’t know the answer to?
What do you miss about not having smartphones?
What makes humans a defective species?
What's your near death experience?
What is the greatest product/service in your life currently, that you never knew existed, never saw an ad for, was only turned on to it, by word of mouth?
If you woke up tomorrow with something you hate about yourself, what would it be?
If you could have one last meal/snack, what would it be?
What are some socially acceptable things that existed in the 90s that dont exist in 2020?
Who was/is your favorite teacher and why?
How much money would you take for Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson to punch you in the face 3 times?
What is your favorite workout video?
How can you get a laptop to be a programmer but you dont have money to buy it?
What stereotypes do you live up to?
Who has had to start their life from scratch, with no money or support system and how did you advance your life?
Tv Producers of Reddit. What's the worse thing you've made someone do on set?
How do you determine who lost a war?
Which movie do you think was perfectly cast?
During these dark times, what is something positive you're seeing that's making you smile?
Why are you tired during the day but awake at night when you’re depressed?
If each Drug had its own theme song what would they be?
You are the top assassin for hire in your city what are your 5 main weapons?
What is the best meditation app you have used (headspace, calm, etc) ?
Have you every stolen anything and if so what was it?
[Serious] People who plan to go to Church this Easter... Why?
How do Reddit Bots work?
Small Youtubers on Reddit, how do you stop obsessing over views?
Which animal would you fuck in case of danger to your life?
Anything in common? 18, senior in HS, black, female, straight, lives in Fl, somewhat tall, prefer aesthetics?
What's the weirdest talent you or someone you know has?
[Serious] How can men who have had little success with women, and have been mistreated by them their whole lives get past it and have success with women?
What is it, as a man, that you feel you can't share with others because it makes you feel "less than" a man?
Why is ellen a terrible person?
If what we saw was only the head of the starfish how would you describe the body?
NSFW you find a horse that's JRHNBR what you do?
what moment made you realize the "real" personality of a person you liked?
What is something your parents lied to you about as a kid that you thought was real?
If we get to the stage in genetic engineering where we can create mythological creatures. What creatures should be brought onto earth?
If you could go back in time and re-experience something, which movie would you want to watch for the 1st time again?
What's the weirdest rumor you had to debunk to a family member or friend?
If you were the worlds most wanted criminal, and every major world government is trying to hunt you down, how would you live your life avoiding military, police, etc?
How can you get people to use a nickname instead of your given name without seeming pushy?
What are some real-life examples you’ve had of “rolling a natural 20”?
What's most embarrassing moment from school and why?
People who repeatedly fuck things up royally, what do you think is the reason?
You can bring three items from minecraft into real life. What do you bring?
If you could go back in the past once to change something you messed up what would it be?
What is something religious or supernatural you believe in because you experienced it?
What’s the only thing holding you back?
What event broke your life into a "before" and "after"?
What are common early warning signs of an abusive relationship?
What can be done about this?
What are some actually reliable news sources?
How do you feel about your life so far?
[Serious] Redditors who were expected to parent their younger siblings, what happened when you moved out?
People who use sleeping mask, why?
What behaviors are a good indicator of someones intelligence (or lack thereof)?
Unashamed Bathroom users, how many squares of toilet paper would you say is average for you when you poop? [Serious]
When do you think humans will go to Mars?
What is your biggest fear?
What are the most iconic cartoons of all time?
What’s your favorite revolution or war?
What quote keeps you awake at night?
What are the main electronic systems in a modern car ?
Fellow aliens of reddit, what is something you found out about the humans that you didn't expect? Also what is something you found out that you don't want them to know you found out?
If the time we are in right now had a theme song, what would it be?
What was the last thing you touched besides your phone/ computer?
Who was the meanest person in your high school, and what did they do that makes you think they are? Where are they now?
If you could snap your fingers and have one celebrity disappear forever, who would it be and why?
What’s a good deed that you do, that makes you feel like a better person?
Redditor's who have lost their Jobs and now are more dependant on their "Side hustle"(Etsy shop, Gig driving/delivering, etc) How are you holding up? Care to share your experience that is only being talked about in general terms on the news?
If you had to take the best thing of every country and create the perfect nation what would you pick from each country? Example, Japanese manufacturing, German engineering, etc. And yes you can pick more than one thing per country?
What is the darkest internet mystery you've heard?
Which generation do you think will have created the most number of abusive parents? Boomers or Gen Z?
What's your most embarrassing moment from high school?
People who work in IT,computer repair, phone store, or electronic repairs what's the weird or the worse thing you've ever seen on peoples devices or electronics?
Your Reddit age is how many weeks old the girl you had sex with was. How much prison time do you get?
Within the next 19 years, how will WWIII start?
For those who have done laser hair removal at home, what are you thoughts on the 'feeke ipl hair removal tool'?
Who do you support in the Serbia-Kosovo conflict ?
People who work in IT,computer repair, phone store, or electronic repairs what's the weird or the worse thing you've ever seen?
What are some of the biggest problems reddit has?
What song that, if played at the end of a movie, would ruin that movie?
Do you think Joe Exotic was the hero or villain of the documentary, and why?
how to rank new YouTube videos?
What are some fun video games you are playing right now?
What are your country’s unique abilities and unique units?
At which moment did you pause and realize that you’re getting fucking old?
What was your favorite school lunch?
What’s the most unexpected thing you’ve seen from the most unexpected person?
What is the best subreddit for messy rooms or cars?
Whats some of the things you wish you had done to prepare more for the lock downs and isolation?
Fellow aliens of reddit, What is something you found our about the humans that you didn't expect, or what's something you found out that you don't want them to know we found out? Im asking for a friend😉?
What is the best age to lose your virginity ?
How many total cells are interacting for any given visual field?
What's the best place on reddit for blog type posts?
What movie/tv show are you too embarrassed to tell your friends that you watch?
What happened the last time you had "that worked better than expected" moment?
How many people you’ve been with?
[Serious] What's the best thing that happened to you today, why?
Finally rules and laws have changed and you can have any animal you want as a pet! What do you choose and why?
You can have all the money you want but every dollar you spend will cause you a second of instantaneous diarrhea. If you accept this condition you can not spend money in different ways but you won't die for dehydration. What do you do in this scenario?
Redditors of reddit, what did you forget to do?
What’s the best way to call out a liar when you don’t really have proof, but strongly suspect that half of what they say is bull hockey?
What’s a supernatural mildly impressive or consistently lucky talent you have?
what was your "time-to-shine" moment of the last 2 years?
What's the dumbest lie you ever believed?
You’re tasked with teaching a “social etiquette” course five minutes from now, what is lesson #1?
which movie describes your current life the best?
[NSFW] You get $5,000 credit but you can only use it for online porn. Where do you spend it?
Have you been to prison ? If so what for and how long?
What measures can a man take to best ensure that his girl does NOT cheat on him?
People who live with roommates or other shared residence accommodations, hows that working out now under the current circumstances?
What is something you were watching, that someone else took out of context?
So what did you do? You know, before all Of this happened?
What’s a movie you love that other people just don’t understand?
What are obvious answers to life's mysteries?
What makes you feel sexy?
Stranger walks up to you and whispers something in your ear. He leaves you with WTF expression on your face, what did the stranger say?
What has been the worst case of OCD you've witnessed or heard about?
Males who frequently get unwanted boners, why don’t you wear a cup all the time?
If you could go back in time and change just one thing, what would it be ?
People who've had a tapeworm, how did you get rid of it?
What are some fun, hobbies or skills that are cheap to start and can keep one occupied when they can't leave home?
What is the purpose of setting goals if we all die anyway?
Why can we describe infinity using finite words?
Teenagers of Reddit, what's an unwritten rule of being a teenager?
What's the best comeback when being accused of simping?
Who's the nicest sports celebrity you have met?
When have you completely misinterpreted a sign from someone, whether it be embarrassing or a missed opportunity?
If someone accidentally dropped their wallet during a robbery and you grabbed it and no one noticed because you're fuckin starving. Next day his lottery ticket in his wallet wins. Blessing from God or a test from the Devil? What do you think?
Why are cats afraid of cucumbers?
You cut a sandwich diagonally. Which half tastes better, the upper section or lower section?
What funny Spotify playlist name are you most proud of?
reddit: what is the best way you have gotten revenge on a cheating ex?
What question should a reporter ask trump at the next briefing?
[Serious] Introvert people of Reddit: how do you feel when an extrovert person forces you to make friends?
Redditors who had to dress up as costumed characters as part of a job, what are your horror stories?
What would make your current-self satisfied with how you turned out to be after 10 years from now?
What do you consider to be the highlight of your life ?
Why, whY, WHY isn’t there a toilet that muffles farts rather than amplifies them?
What's the worst-tasting medication you've ever had to take?
Much like anyone being able to become an "Instagram Model" which industries' barriers of entry are rapidly falling?
What was your first experience with alcohol?
Mathematicians of Reddit, What is the stereotype that you wanted to remove from society regarding you?
What is some objectively bad news you have received that someone would expect you to be mad/sad about but instead we’re really happy about?
Fellow redditors, how did you meet your best friend?
What interesting websites have you discovered over the years?
Where is the easiest country one could move to permanently from the USA?
Karens of Reddit, what is your most defining Karen moment?
How would The Inbetweeners be different if it took place in Saudi Arabia?
What are the explanation for this? Please comment in details?
What cries but has no tears that doesn’t have eyes and lives over a 100 years?
What is the meaning of life ?
What can be royally fucked up by adding a teaspoon of salt?
How do you think Black Friday will look like this year?
You're Jesus, it's the second coming, who ya gonna judge first?
Adults of reddit, what’s the difference between kids born in the 1990’s, the 2000’s, and the 2010’s?
What’s the scariest thing you have witnessed ?
(Serious) Who was a person you knew who had a paranormal experience and died because of it?
What would scare anyone?
What is a weird theory you have about something that makes to much since?
What is the best VR headset to get, and what are some games that are worth getting for said VR headset?
People who know their dad, what's it like?
Have you ever been in love with more than one girl ? If yes, what have you done ?
Whats something that really confuses you?
People of Reddit, when was one time BitLife became a nightmare?
What other race/nationality would you choose, if given the chance?
You can supersize any animal to King Kong size. Which one would you choose to cause the most chaos?
People that arnt from America or England. What is considered the best film your country has made?
What is the best thing to happen ever?
People who like burnt popcorn, why?
What do you think about Eurovision ?
What is the strangest thing you were afraid of as a child?
[Serious] College Drop-Outs of Reddit- What's your story and how did your dreams end up turning out?
What's something you instantly regret doing when you think about it?
[Serious] People who think homosexuality is a choice, how did you choose to be straight?
If one dies from the common cold what is the cause of death?
What's the oldest trick in the book?
Repost for formatting: What are the best and worst case scenarios for your own life a year from now?
What can you sabotage with a teaspoon of salt?
What do you think about RuPaul's Drag Race 👑 ?
Hotel cleaners what is the weirdest/most disturbing think you have seen guests leave behind??
What is the most disturbing/scariest thing you have witnessed?
People who were popular in high school, where are you now?
which is better coke or Pepsi?
What’s the fanciest experience you’ve ever had?
What animal would you choose to be for a day? Why? And what would you do?
How ethical would be to put an ad on a mask and distibute it for free or at a really low price to have advertising?
What industries or companies should not be bailed out or brought back after this crisis eventually passes?
What are some tricks that you can use to drink in public?
People who have clicked on "free giveaway" ads, what happened?
Trump quotes read by others. Who else would like to see Jimmy Carter, Barack, Bill and Hillary Clinton read Trump quotes?
What celebrities would survive the zombie apocalypse and why?
What do you even want to happen with the information given?
Where are you most excited to go when you can leave your house regularly again?
People with long nails, how do you wipe your behind?
Why do ketchup bottles always say tomato ketchup? Is there another kind?
What was the last subreddit you've been on before going on this one and finding this question?
People who don't have bank accounts: why not?
What is the worst sex story you have ever heard/had?
Fellow humans of this planet, what are our planetary defenses and how can a normal human like myself deactivate them?
Men what is something we know not to do to woman? What are the unspoken rules for them?
What is a word or sentence you forgot and remembered much later?
Former Prison Inmates, What Happened When You Dropped The Soap?
What are your adventurous recipes?
What do you even want to happen with the information given?
People of reddit how was your day?
When did we start calling Karens Karens?
Whats the best/worst time you got cucked?
How to stop watching anal porn all day?
If your pet had an iconic tv or movie character’s voice, which would it be based on their personality?
How would you describe the side effects of stepping on a tomato?
Parents who have had your child wake up while sneaking around as the tooth fairy or Santa, how did the interaction go down?
When is it too late to learn something?
Redditors have seen a lot of wholesome things, but what is the most halfsome thing you've seen?
How old are these adult playing cards?
Believers of reddit, how did u found faith in your religion? Were u raised as a believer or did u found your religion on your own, and how did u found it/ what was the turnkng point to become one?
What are your favourite sounding words?
What have you gotten detention, suspended or expelled from school for?
What’s the politest to say “Fuck You”?
What's the funniest thing you've seen a drunk person do?
Redditors, do you think it is OK to forgive someone who cheated on you ?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what are your secrets?
What was your worst/most awkward experience with a crush?
What is the fastest way to build karma in read it? And what exactly is karma?
If you can be anyone else in the world, who would you be?
[serious] What have you aligned your emotion with?
What a things did you learn in your high school years that actually helped you later on in your life?
What are your least favourite words?
Scare Actors of Reddit, what are some of your favourite characters to play?
What was your worst concert experience?
At crazy level 100, what ability would you unlock?
You wake up and you find yourself at the bottom of the Mariana's Trench without any shoes or socks. What do you do?
If you had to choose one song to play every time you walked into a room for the rest of your life, what would it be?
First thing that comes to mind: what annoys you?
Fellow females, what was a moment in your childhood that you had a "bathroom accident?"
What's the greatest thing you've done?
What are some meals you can make with only having access to a microwave and mini fridge?
Where was the first place you flew to?
What's the most rascist thing you've ever said or heard ?
What fact remains uncertain?
Why do redditors hate emojis?
What was your 2020 plan?
Who are some people whose names turned out to be pretty good descriptions of themselves?
Reddit, how long til ya'll go broke?
What are the best subreddits to debate hypothetical situations (and sometimes real ones)?
People who are blocked by famous people/companies on social media, what is your story?
You cut a sandwich diagonally. Which half tastes better, the upper section or lower section?
If you were a worm, how long would you be?
People with long nails, how do you do anything?
What is the best life advice you have ever received?
Redditors, what country do you think has the best flag ?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you have, seen or done?
What's the worst movie you've ever seen? What makes it stand out?
If you lost everything you owned, your job, all of your money and everyone around you decided to cut ties of with you. You have 20 bucks and your car. What would you do and where would you go?
How prepared do you think the world is for threats that most people don't believe exist?
Which TV show began brilliantly but declined in quality after a while?
Do you believe in fate or destiny? If yes then are there any instances of fate playing a role in your life? In no then why not?
How would Harry Potter be different if it took place in Brazil?
How do you recognize a narcissistic person?
What Motto do you live by?
Football fans, who do you think will win the next World cup ?
What did you name your stuffed animals as a kid?
If you had to live out the rest of your life as an object you own what would you choose?
What is it about Carole Baskin's sweet asshole that you just can't get enough of?
Is it an infrastructure issue or something to do with cold why certain areas are reportedly unaffected; or do we live on a flat earth?
What are the biggest things happening in the world right now nobody is talking about?
What is the most annoying design flaw in your house, apartment, etc.?
What are the best and worst case scenarios for your life a year from now?
How many years will the sweet spot be, between complete utopia when artificial intelligence does what we could ever ask of it, and it takes over and enslaves us all like The Matrix?
How did you figure out what you wanted in life?
Which do you prefer, song lyrics written as it's sung, or using (chorus x2) or x5 for repeated lines?
What’s on your bedside table?
What is the worst thing you've done during this quarentine?
Redditors in hospitality, what is something scary or just plain weird that you’ve encountered while at work?
What’s the best way to weigh a human head before you sever it?
When is the Politics subreddit going to change its name to Liberals Constantly Whining about Trump?
What ideas would be fun to help high school athletes still feel like they’re part of a team and stay active at home?
How’s your hygiene right now?
Why Yellow Submarine and Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds (old music examples) are considered masterpieces and Bad Romance and Cheap Thrills (modern music exs.) are considered trash, since they have a repetitive structure and average quality lyricism?
The whole stupid planet seems to be closed... what do you wish was still open?
What are your plans for your stimulus check when the USA releases them and sends them out to everyone?
What's a scene from a TV show or movie that makes you cringe whenever you watch it?
Being able to aggressively throw her at people is one advantage to dating a short girl. What is another?
When was your loneliest and most boring birthday and why?
What instrumental song does your brain always ascribe lyrics to and what are they?
How has getting sick recently changed your perspective of smoking weed?
Coaches, teachers, camp counselors, etc: Did anyone come to you decades later and tell you you ruined their lives? How? Were they a bit right?
What material possession best compares to a hot ass in yoga pants that doesn't have anything to do with a girl?
What is your opinion on Trump ?
Let's play "fuck, marry, kill"! Who are your picks?
What’s the stupidest conspiracy theory you’ve ever heard of?
What are things you hated as a kid but love as an adult?
What was the saddest thing you have ever done that noone knew?
What are your thoughts on the reddit repost police?
What's the coolest thing you've done at home?
Have you or a loved one ever been mugged or had something valuable stolen? What's the story and did the thieves ever face justice?
[Serious] What is the biggest critique of your favourite genre of music, whether it be musician behavior, fans, sub par quality live shows, etc?
Do you think memes will die? If so, when?
What’s something you always wanted to do as a child but never got to do it?
What do you think about Quibi?
Why does all of reddit hate emojis?
What conspiracy theory actually has a lot of weight to it, in your opinion?
When the female white giraffe was murdered in Kenya, what happened to her young calf?
Which brand will you always be loyal to?
[Serious] What businesses, retail, or restaurants to you expect to go bankrupt by September and why?
What US territory should become the 51st state ?
What are the best "secret" subreddits?
What is the saddest thing you have ever done that noone knew?
What is 1 thing Trump can do that would make you vote for him in November?
What fact about the World is true but can’t be proved?
How do you feel like a child again?
What is your favorite recipe?
What was the weirdest interaction you had with a stranger in the bathroom?
How long did it take you (or your partner) to fall pregnant? What helped?
How old are these adult playing cards?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of China ?
What is a funny/awkward moment your grandparents caused?
Which celebrity do you think is secretly a Redditor?
What entertainer/public figure do you defend like it's your job?
If you could choose 3 meals,breakfast, lunch, dinner, to eat for the rest of your life, what would they be?
How has getting sick changed your perspective of smoking weed?
What is the stupidest thing you've ever heard?
When you get out of the shower do you pre-dry with your hands/wash cloth or just your towel?
What’s the whitest thing you’ve ever done?
Anyone remember when we had a daily ticket for celebrity deaths due to the flu?
What will you never take for granted again?
Essential employees of reddit, what do you do and how do you feel about this crisis?
What is your fainting story?
[Serious] Redditors what’s the scariest nightmare you have ever had?
What are essential first things to do when you are moving in to a first home?
What do we call the 2020s vaccinated 20s, cautious 20s ext. ?
Contortionists of reddit, how successful have you been in going down on yourself?
How old are these adult playing cards?
What was a red flag you ignored in a relationship that you later wish you wouldn’t have?
How loud are humans relative to most other animals? Are seen as loud or quit by animal standards?
[Serious] Ex-Mormons, what made you leave the church?
What are some things that can be said to a high school senior to help ease their mind about missing prom/not walking the stage for graduation?
People who have discovered a story written about them on reddit, what's your side of the story?
What are some examples of polite fiction that everyone insists is true, yet no one actually believes?
[serious] Of the people currently alive, who's unexpected death would change the course of human history the most?
What are some feel good books that might help with all that's going on lately?
What subreddits are you too ashamed to join, but like to visit every now and then?
What was the most embarrassing rejection you or someone you know has ever endured when asking out a crush?
What do u think about Jack Kerouac writing??
What are some easy yet interesting and impressive skills/certifications you can learn/do while stuck at home?
Secret Government Spies of Reddit - How are you managing the shift to working from home?
What are some exciting things you want to cross of your bucket list before you die?
If you are someone who doesn't have the most stable subconscious mind, ptsd basically, which drug is more prone to a bad trip, acid or mushrooms?
How do you go on incognito mode?
What advise would you give to people who want to go off grid? Have you ever done it or what was the closest you've been?
Whats a game series you dont like but still have to admit its good?
Ex-prisoners of Reddit, what is the first thing you did after getting out of jail?
During your funeral, which song do you want to be played?
Non-Metal listeners, what do you think of metal in general ?
You wake up with the ability to pause time, what’s the first thing you do?
What was your lowest point in life? (serious)
How long is the beginning credit scene in Spider Man (2002)?
What relatively small subreddit do you think everyone should know about?
Why do women have no morals?
How many pairs of pants do you have?
What is your hidden agenda?
What company or institution has the most confusing mascot?
How does recording live movies on xfinity stream work? Will it record without actually having to watch it?
What's the ONE sport that could justify returning early?
How’s your high school crush doing today ?
What is your biggest fuck up on Reddit?
What lesson do you never seem to learn, no matter how many times it happens to you?
[serious] What was your experience being in a relationship where you or your partner was forgiven for cheating?
What TV show has an intro you never skip?
From your point of view, what is the meaning of life?
Gamers of Reddit what else do you like to do instead of gaming?
What do You guys think other species opinion on us is?
What does a guy need to do to get back with a former crush?
( Related to Persona 5 Royal, pls no spoilers.. ) You Find Yourself Facing the Shadow of The Most Corrupt Person You Can Think of. Who Is That Person, What is Their Palace, and What is Your Persona That You Awaken To?
What’s the best funny name you can give your pet, knowing that they can’t do anything about it?
What is your go-to song when it’s raining?
What is a game/movie/tv show/whatever theme that is more prevalent in your country than others?
What are some things that are/were *actually* free?
Why does time seem to accelerate as you get older?
How do you get medals in reddit?
What food would you like to try from other countries? Which and why?
Redditors what do you miss the most you didn’t expect to miss while being stuck at home?
What's the most infuriating/baffling experience you've had with an anti-vaxxer?
What would you do if you were robbed while in the shower?
Why isn't there a button on mobile to skip to the top of the next thread in a post? It seems like a pretty simple implementation to make browsing reddit a little easier. Wouldn't it?
With all the crazy headlines, what will be your reaction if Trump tests positive?
Liberals, how would you react if Trump was admitted into intensive care?
What is an imaginable equivalent to the outstanding number of 10,000 people, let alone 1,000?
Your ex is on reddit, you know they will read this, so what do you want to say to them?
Any tips for new people who wanna smoke weed but have strict parents? Where to stash/where to smoke/how to hide it?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen at school?
Parents who gave their children coal for Christmas, why did you, &amp; did it change their behavior?
What is the low point of your country’s reality television?
What is an immediate turn off for you?
What’s something you’ll change because you took it for granted when we can all go outside again?
Jess Dunham sucks his teeth at you. What’s your next move?
Food delivery drivers of reddit, whats the best experience you've ever had delivering food ?
What’s the most random and out there dream that you can remember?
Have you ever had a boyfriend/girlfriend/so who wasn't kinky but you were/are? If so, tell your story on how you handled it?
Is it true that when your significant other constantly accuses you of cheating that they are cheating?
What's your biggest fear in life?
what unusual items do you keep in your car that you think everyone should keep in theirs?
Are there any foods you refuse to even try? If so, why?
Where do you get off?
What's the most unlikely coincidence you've seen/experienced?
Who is history's simpest simp?
How do you tell your family you don't want to be around them anymore?
What would you improve on Reddit?
What is one thing you miss from school?
What makes you jealous?
What's the most boring movie you still consider to be good?
What would you improve about Reddit?
Why won't the notification count disappear even after reading all the comments? Keep clearing all notifications time and time again. But is there anyway to fix this because it is getting really annoying?
What's your fictional crush?
What video game becomes a totally different game if you add the letter "R" to it?
Reddit, what would be the reverse of “simping” be called if you could name it?
What's your lucky number?
Married people: what is one thing you regret about your wedding?
What is the most awful sound ?
To people who have only heard things about the Philippines but never went there, what do you think is it like here??
What is the best way to get a discount on a grill or TV at stores such as Lowe's and Best Buy?
If there were ever a "book of Kyle" in the bible, what would some of the verses be?
You wake up and discover that everything in the last five years has never happened. What do you do?
What state has the most clueless governor?
What game you played is stupid but some how good?
Restaurant employees, what were the most cringey moments when singing Happy Birthday to a customer?
What happened to blockchain technology?
What is your most favorite thing but it actually useless?
What should not be bothering you right now, but you can't stop thinking about?
In Pokemon Sword and Shield who do you think is better Klara or Avery?
People who argue in the comment section of facebook, what does it feel like to be a joke?
Hey Reddit, how did you learn curse words?
Well-hung guys of Reddit, what’s your secret?
Why do some people on Twitter tweet multiple tweets daily while their tweets basically get zero interactions? Isn’t that really depressing?
What food do you miss?
Not giving away ANY other ingredients... what's your secret ingredient in any dish?
What was the EA/Crowdfunding game that made you swear off of Early Access?
[Serious] Why do internet trolls troll?
What’s the funkiest music you’ve ever heard?
Fellow veterans of Reddit: Do you encourage your kids to join? Why or why not?
What's a good birthday idea during the shut-down?
If you could cook any fictional video game animal or creature, how would you go about cooking it and how would you imagine it tasting like?
What movie, video game, or song/ arrangement motivated you to try something new?
Who puts water on the coconuts?
In what ways do you or someone you know rely on modern technology during your day to day life?
Whats your favorite color?
What was the worst thing that you sent by mistake to a person or a group ?
If everybody starts wearing masks, what will happen to stores in terms of security?
When newborns want to feed are they hungry or thirsty?
How are officers enforcing stay at home ordinances while you are traveling?
If 2020 were a person, what would their name be?
people of Florida why everybody hates your state? do you have any crazy stories you wanna share?
What are some things that break surprisingly easy?
Residents of big cities, what is your most and least favorite thing about where you live?
What was the best dream you ever had?
Redditors of reddit, what is the story behind your nickname?
How does our current situation affect your social life?
If you woke up tomorrow and had to assign your sight to a new organ (and that organ's sense was reassigned to the your eyes), what organ would you choose to see out of?
Ladies, what’s so great about a guy with experience anyways?
What’s the most cringeworthy thing you did in youth sports?
How to stop jerking off long enough to jelq and pump the penis?
What’s the last game you gave a 10/10?
Ex-emos, nowadays, how do you remember that stage of your life and when did you stop being one?
Which celebrities have had Alzheimer’s?
What are the chances of mosquitos transmitting the 'rona?
Why don't the grown ups let you play in their pool with all the girls?
Which song makes you instantly want to dance?
What's you fictional crush?
History fanatics of reddit, what’s your favourite period/event of history?
Who is the most successful person you knew at 28?
What is the one single decision you made that has had the greatest impact on your life?
What is the difference between self righteousness and doing the right thing?
What's your favorite breakfast food?
What series had ana amazing first series but should've left it at that?
What is your opinion of OnlyFans?
What do you love and hate about your body?
Imagine in Oct 2019 you magically were able to see the graph of unemployment right now. What would you assume happened in 2020?
Who is the most successful person you knew at 28?
What is a word that you absolutely hate and makes your skin crawl?
What movie should you not watch while eating?
Has anyone ever actually gotten a dick in a box as a gift? What was it like?
What was your worst neckbeard experience?
Door Dashers of Reddit what was the worst delivery you have encountered?
What recommended food serving size do you most think is bullshit?
American Redditors, how do you feel about slave reparations?
Christians of reddit, do you believe angels have free will? If not, then how was Lucifer and those who followed him go against God will?
What advice are you sick of hearing?
What fantasy do you dream of while fucking?
What was your favourite concert you have been to and why?
Redditors who have randomly bumped into celebrities, what is your story?
What's the best interaction You had with a goose?
What things are easily broken that seemingly should be sturdy?
Why are we here?
What are the worst things you’ve done in order to avoid socializing?
What is the first meme you made?
[Serious] Should privacy be a universal human right? Why/why not?
Will celebrities who use Instagram and who have million followers get paid by IG?
Any album recommendations for shower?
What do you like about your best friend? What do you think they like about you?
What is the speed of dark ?
What's the cringiest thing you've ever done?
What's something you regret NOT doing in life?
What is the most thought provoking movie you have ever seen?
What is your favorite David Bowie song?
When you imagine this decade (2020s) as a textbook page, what do you see?
What is the tragedy of your life?
If there were a real life Order 66 who would be the Jedi?
You’re a Hollywood casting agent. Who do you cast in the enevitable Tiger King movie?
People of reddit, if you've ever had a UFO encounter, how did it go down?
You get an influx of $5000 out of the blue. What do you do with it in this manner of time?
Why is the future unknowable?
Will the world punish China, why / why not?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've that had to tell another person is fake?
I just downloaded Roku on my phone to turn the volume down instead of picking up the remote 15 ft away. What are some of the laziest things you have ever done?
How would life be if sugar and inactivity were good for you?
What was it like to live in italy in 2001?
If you could have one band REDO the soundtrack for your favorite movie, which band and movie would you choose?
What words should never be combined?
[Serious] Multiple birth siblings (twins, triplets, etc.) of Reddit who lost their sibling, what is your story and how are you coping now?
People of Reddit, how do you deal with Heartache?
What weird, odd, or taboo things do you think the wealthy are smuggling into their spaces?
Genes determine everything. From our heights, eyes color, features of our faces to how intelligent we tend to be. If they were for sale, what genes would you buy and why?
How do you keep yourself disciplined with work in these times?
Why is there an exception to every rule?
What’s with the squeaky bed?
What makes Jeff Dunham so funny to some people?
Will the world publish China, why / why not?
Who’s the coolest celebrity that you’ve met?
If someone found a settlement check of someone else’s in the mail for a small amount, how likely would that person be caught?
Everyone who is depressed and lonely, what are your coping strategies right now?
U and ur best friend go to an unknown restaurant, the price of the food is expensive even after a shady 50% discount, the portion is small, and your friend starts taking a bite! You want to leave but he started eating. The food quality and water is bad. What do you do?
What's the biggest item of value you have stolen and gotten away with it?
We’ve all heard about the butterfly effect, if you can change one single specific decision from your past what would it be?
Which of this year's blockbusters would you quite happily watch on Video On Demand instead?
What has been the nicest thing you have done ,for yourself or someone else, and ended up being hated for that ?
Vegan of Reddit, if you have any pets and put them on a vegan diet, why?
Why are a lot of born-again christians spiteful, bitter, passive aggressive, manipulative life-forms?
You have been invited by an alien to go and visit there planet.What three items do you take with you?
What have you caught your parents doing something weird?
What's the best thing you've given a stranger?
You have a nightmare where punishment or reward are the two offers given to you by a nebulous character. You have no idea who your interrogator is, but the question that will lead to an outcome is, “What do you honestly think about Donald Trump and Mike Pence?”
What is a trivial worry you had today?
If you were asked to describe your taste of 2020 so far, how would you describe it?
When this is all over can we practice social network distancing and really explore the world as it is?
How do you express yourself?
In what way will society be different in 2 years?
Which is better, a massive underbite or overbite?
What’s your favorite song? Why?
What's the weirdest side of social have you ever got to?
People who haven't pooped in 2009 yet, why are you still holding on to last year's shit?
If You Died IRL and Were Sent To The Gulag, What Tactic Would You Use to Win?
What silly question that seems deep in retrospect did you like to ask as a kid?
What are some of your worst Customer Service stories?
Atheists of Reddit what do you think happens when people die?
[Serious] To those smart redditors who create large, cited responses, is there anything interesting you've been wanting to share in depth lately that you haven't had the chance to yet?
In what ways have you been strung along?
What made Trump pardon the Navy Seal found guilty of war crimes of killing Iraq citizens but won’t pardon the captain who was trying to keep his crew safe?
Good or bad, what is the best online exchange you have seen between multiple celebrities?
what do you do when you have a swollen tastebud on your tongue?
Law Enforcement people, what crimes have you witness spike recently?
Those of you who like the people of reddit, why?
What are some words and phrases from foreign languages that english speakers should totally use?
What should we replace confederate monuments with?
Why has Skype hype allowed Zoom and HouseParty take their idea to the kids of today?
Fellow redditors, what are some signs that you are unattractive?
How to find ur purpose of life?
Millennials who do not have a college degree, what is your plan for retirement?
What’s your most watched movie?
If you could have one movie/game soundtrack playing in the background of your everyday life, what would it be?
What is the most preferable thing to do when your bored?
What non-horror movie would you like to see remade as a horror?
People who feel the need to "thank" inanimate objects. Why do you do it?
Have you ever discovered someone you know on Reddit just from their comments, and how did you know for sure it was them?
What's Your Worst Story of Getting a Random Text from a Stranger?
When a girl boots her brother (or any other boy) in the babymakers really hard for no good reason, why isn't that seen as the absolutely horrible, disgusting, potentially traumatizing thing it is? How is she better than boys who beat up and grope girls?
What kind of things trigger(ed) your eating disorder that loved ones of people with EDs should be cautious of?
Where would you post a serious question on Reddit?
People who have worked in haunted houses, what are the best or worst reactions someone has had to being scared?
What object is fine to own, but becomes concerning the moment you buy a second one?
What's a fun fact about your country?
What’s your favorite episode of Brooklyn 99?
If you had the ability to download one subject worth of information (a language, a country’s nuclear codes, an entire play by play of the war of 1812) what subject would you choose?
What would you do if you became the God of War?
What have you lost after moving to a new house that you had for years?
How do you usually get over a argument?
What do your dad’s balls smell like?
You have the chance to jam out on stage with any artist on their biggest tour- Who do you choose and why?
When someone keeps changing their personality to the point where the original is long forgotten and they can't even recall it,what should they do?
What was the first video game in history to have a storyline to it?
Who’s someone famous you went to school with?
What is the weirdest slang word you have heard?
What is your best/weird story about crushes? Also, what happened as a result?
People who were stranding on an island or on Sea how was your experience ?
Pilots of Reddit, what have your funniest interactions with Air Traffic Control been?
You step outside of your home to get some fresh air, when your neighbor empties a bucket of pee and poop out of their window. What do you do?
What makes you genuinely happy?
If you were reincarnated as an animal what would you want to be?
[Serious]You time travel to a point after the current situation is contained and you can take 3 items with you. What would they be?
What series would’ve been perfect if it ended after the first season?
If your phone screen was being live streamed 24/7 and anyone could watch, what would you do/ stop doing?
What basic task do you feel proud of accomplishing?
What songs would be hilariously inappropriate to play at a funeral?
What’s your favorite episode on Brooklyn 99?
What did humans do so wrong in the 2010s to deserve the 2020 that we all received?
Have you ever reconnected with someone from your distant past? If so, how did you do it?
What would you do if a friend who has an old youtube channel, that has a good chunk of subscribers and a quite an active following, gave it to you?
What's the weirdest indie movie you've ever seen or heard of?
What was the worst way in which you told someone your secret, but ended up being one of the best?
How much of a man were you when you were 22?
What would the negative effects be from the eating an animal that had cancer?
What is one thing in Minecraft you wanna see added?
Which Reddit subs are worth binge reading top posts of all time?
All the characters played by a single actor cross over in a film/show. Who do you choose and what do you title it?
What famous person went to your high school?
What is one of your worst purchases?
How do NFL players deal with knowing they'll get CTE?
How much would you pay a vet to save your dogs life if money was not a problem?
Historians and health professionals, if you were dropped in the past (pre 20th century) what would you do to maintain a modern hygiene standards?
What are some unusual times u feel beautiful?
What's a word you've heard all your life but still don't know how to spell?
Which Bigfoot sighting you are convinced it was real?
What are the signs that you’re a bad person?
What stories did your grandparents tell you about your parents that they never told you?
People of reddit, what is a weird snack or drink combination that sounds terrible it actually is pretty good?
Coomers of reddit why did you do it?
What bad habits are there that cannot be broken no matter how many attempts are made?
The car you drive and the last thing you ate is your superhero name. What is it?
Americans of Reddit, do you feel better than the rest of the world and if so, why?
What is a cringy thing you did as a kid that people always bring up to you?
What is a great conspiracy theory or unsolved mystery to completely dive into while we have to stay at home?
Ex-prisoners of reddit, how was coming out of jail?
Why do politicians blame the illegal drug dealers for the drug crisis but no one talks about drug companies who sell the same drugs?
[Serious] For people who fell for their bestfriend and thought it was gonna be one-sided but still got together in the end. what's your emotional rollercoaster of a story?
Has anyone ever been on a reality show like Fear Factor or survivor? What was it like?
If someone were to expose themselves to having a super power, (such as flying) what do you think would really happen to them?
When was the last time you tried to do something to look cool but it ended with you being embarrassed(details of the incident) ?
How much would you pay a vet to save your dogs life?
What did you think was easy until you started doing it?
How has your taste in porn changed over the last 10 years?
Who is someone you could talk to one last time?
What’s in your fridge?
What keeps you up at night?
The car you drive and the last thing you are is your superhero name! What is it?
What's your number one complaint about Reddit?
What "conspiracy theory" do you think has some truth to it?
When was the last time you invaded someone’s privacy?
what kind of a stupid question is this?
What's your number one complaint about reddit?
What fashion trend or fad did you REALLY dive head first into that you never expected to go out of style?
What are you looking forward to doing this summer?
Why not share an embarrassing story that's keeping you awake so you can sleep peacefully?
You will wake up tomorrow perfectly knowing a foreign language. What will it be and why?
Police officers of Reddit, what are some of the weirdest incidents you've had to deal with?
What were some of your grandparents favorite stories to tell?
How is the view from outside your apartment?
How many times do you wear a pair of pants before washing them?
What is your "I'll pretend that never happened" story?
People who have their social media profiles set to Public: What kind of creepy things end up in your DMs?
What do you want?
What do you want to cook tomorrow?
What defines a home for you?
Foreign language speakers of Reddit, what are some words or phrases in your language that you think english-speakers should use?
What is your "essential" job and do you think it really is essential? Or are companies just trying to squeeze their way into the essential category to put you in danger for a few bucks?
What are some tricks to fall asleep faster?
What’s the nicest thing anyone has ever done for you?
People who have met their soulmate, what made them your soulmate?
What was the biggest scandal at your school/workplace/community?
What question do you want to ask God if you gonna have 1 attempt?
What is the worst sex you've ever had with another person?
In America, it’s time to reconsider who gets tipped. What jobs/professions should be getting tips?
What is a skill of yours that you learned entirely through YouTube?
you’re stuck in a video game for 1 week. you can’t use any cheat code and if you die in the game you die in real life,but every thing you win or earn in the game (money,cars,houses...) will be brought to your life. which video game do you choose and what do you do?
How's life treating you extroverts?
Why are people using the world simp?
Fishermen or fisherwoman of Reddit, What are some things you talk about while fishing to pass the time?
How much do you trust your gut instinct?
What is the most wholesome moment have you had with your significant other?
Delivery drivers, what are the creepiest/strangest/most insane things that has happened while on a run?
What’s a positive thing happening right now?
What do you look forward to?
Do you think we should start to refer to period pads as "flat tampons" ? why or why not ?
[Serious] People who are sad right now, why?
At what age do girls stop liking boys and like men?
Retail workers / former retail workers, what items from what stores were the best?
What is a good youtube video game series to watch/binge?
What basketball challenges are good?
If life was a video game What save points would you like to go back to?
What is your preferred way to wipe?
How did white people ruin your life?
Whats your weirdest apartment scouting story?
People who have been to America, what’s your least favorite state?
What is the best grift for your girlfriend on your fifth anniversary?
What is the worst first impression you’ve ever made?
Dear fellow redditors, when and why did you start using Reddit?
What would be the legal implications of a school taking photos of it's students through the computers they rent out? Is something like this allowed?
What is the most horrifying video/picture you have ever seen?
What is a common belief that is completely wrong?
What are some completely normal things we do as humans in today’s society that would make our ancestors from 10,000 years ago spin in their graves?
How do you make someone happy?
You have the ability to see anything for 5 minutes,What would it be?
What's the best advice you've had from a video game that can apply to real life?
If someone told you in late 2019, that the world would basically stand still early 2020, what would you assume happened?
If you could choose one song to be the gamers national anthem, what song would you choose?
How do you personally manage stress and anxiety?
People who’ve known missing people, were they ever found? What was the investigation like? What was the last thing you heard from them?
People of reddit who don't mention they're in a relationship and or hide their significant other on their own social media, what reason prompts you to do this?
How is called this app to give free medicine?
What Was the Worst Time You Fell For a Clickbait Ad or Website?
If you could implement one video game mechanic into real life (worldwide), which one would you choose and why?
If a person had a parasitic twin capable of reproduction, would if that person masturbated and created a child, would that child be a product of incest or a product of masturbation?? How so? All this time produces many questions?
What is your “Mount Rushmore” of people you would like to have a beer with?
People that have been in a lucid dream what happens happend??
Foreigners of Reddit, what do you guys think of Australia?
Gordon Ramsay is coming to your place for dinner. What are you cooking?
What's something you miss but don't like to talk about it?
What are some good, quick snack food options that immediately cover the smell of weed on your breath?
What’s the worst insult you’ve ever gotten by a child?
Salt or butter, can't have both, for the rest of your life. What is your choice?
What is the greatest moment you ever had with a complete stranger?
Would a hungry tiger/lion prefer to eat a naked person or someone with clothes on if both were present? Which one and why?
What is y'all doing?
Who was the dumbest person you ever met? How did you know?
How to be more self aware?
What Reddit post or comment predicted the future?
People of Reddit that put checkerboard backgrounds behind images to make them look transparent, why?
Comedy fans, what is the best Carry On film and why?
What conspiracy theory is the most likely to be true?
What song do you want played in your funeral?
How did you entertain yourself on long car trips when you were a kid?
What company are you surprised that is still used/active after all that's happened?
Why are we concerned about 5G when visible light has higher frequency?
What is the most ridiculous piece of advice someone has ever given you? Why?
What goes into a Krabby Patty?
What are some embarrassing things you did as a child that your friends still make fun of you for to this day?
How do people suffering from amnesia remember words? Or their languages?
(Serious) What was the most brutal thing you have ever seen in Real Life? (Nsfw)
When did you realize the "perfect guy" is not all that perfect?
[Serious] How do you deal with feeling like you're invisible?
Where are they taking the hobbits (wrong answers only)?
Hello Redditors, what is your one celebrity Hall pass, and if you're lonely and have nobody who would you love to date that's a celebrity?
How many people have to die before people take CV serious?
What's the best song you've ever heard?
(Serious) What was the most brutal thing you have ever seen in Real Life?
What's one pet peeve of yours that you wish you could get rid of beacuse it hampers your enjoyment of life?
What will make the next generations say “Ok Zoomer”?
What little thing made you happy today?
You gain control of the pope’s twitter for one day, what piece of unnecessary information do you add?
Everyone has something that is worth living for on this planet, what's yours?
[Serious]Redditors who literally have no friends, what do you do in place of that social interaction?
Mothers ofnReddit: what did you do when your kids found your sexy lingerie lying around?
What company do you suspect will soon go out of business? Why?
Why are people who wear Bluetooth and talk really loud in public such pricks?
What is your favorite example of correlation not causation?
Where can you find a pen pal (any platform or app)?
Have you been having more sex in the past one week? If not why?
What do you want to show off but you haven't got the chance to yet or can't find the subreddit for?
If your life was a broadway musical what narrative changing event triggered the big number at the end of act one?
Why, (if he did) did Tim Heidecker get Sam Hyde and his show blacklisted and taken off the air?
If you could write one new law that everyone had to obey, what law would you create?
What's the closest you've ever been to death?
People who have overdosed on Dxm and or codeine, what did it feel like and did you have any idea you'd taken too much?
What was the most embarrassing thing you did in middle school or High school?
What is that song that just keeps following you everywhere?
Throwaways of reddit, what’s your biggest secret ?
Cigarette smokers of Reddit, what made you realize it was time to quit?
What's something you wish you'd never knew, and could delete out of your mind?
What’s more important in your dating life, looks or personality?
What do you want to see done about China?
Which Movie you Watch today ?
What is the likelihood Jared Fogle has a career comeback when he is released?
Since it can’t be put on a scale, how would you weigh an erect penis?
What part of internet history were you a part of?
What secret could ruin your life?
Famous people of reddit, what's it like?
[NSFW] What is the weirdest thing anyone has ever said to you during sex that has immediately killed the mood?
Parents of reddit, what is the most WTF were you thinking thing your child has done?
Without putting the actual title, if your favorite movie or show was titled like a YouTube clickbait video, what would the title be?
What’s The Weirdest Thing You Did As A Child?
What was a cringey thing you did that you still feel awkward about to this day?
Thiefa of reddit why do you steal? Is it because you need the stuff, just want it or just be mean to other people?
What are some safe places online kids can meet one another based on common interests?
What is your best accidental win?
Why would anyone go to a university party when nobody even takes their pants off?
You can replace any limb with a wasp, which one and why?
What's your Speaking of the Devil moment?
What would be the featured song on the soundtrack of your life?
How did you react when you found out that you will die one day ?
What's your weirdest habit?
How did you know you were bipolar?
Redditors of reddit, is there any subreddit where you can get advice regarding toxic friendships?
Do you classify people by their level of education, social status, financial status? Why?
How do you keep from being negative all the time?
Redditors who got divorced, what was the final straw?
What have you accidentally bought on the internet?
What's a good skill/hobby to get into with all this extra time stuck at home?
People of reddit, What’s your name?
What company do you suspect will go out of business this year?
People that work at retail what are somethings we should be buying more than the popular brands?
Why do you use Reddit?
Does your doggo ever huff at you out of annoyance? What did you do?
What is a joke that is really funny?
One day your are summoned to another world to write 10 commandments that the people of that world will have to follow, what commandments do you write and what is the consequence of disobeying each one?
[Serious] What's your opinion on using VR (in the future) on people with mental problems such as criminals, rapists, pedophiles (or anything you can think of) so they can let out that "bad energy" and maybe becoming better in the society? Would it be morally acceptable in our future society?
What's your celebrity asshole story?
What is something that your family did/does that suprises you not many people do it?
What event in history could have triggered WWIII and why?
What was the best performance by a child actor?
What is a (number of things) easier said than done?
What cool and interesting skill you can learn during this home time?
How to resize text in the mobile app?
Fallout 4 players of reddit . What was the 1st time you got scared ( not just scared. But REALLY scared) in your 1st playthrough ?
What’s something you’re doing to keep yourself entertained that you never thought you’d do?
What was the most disgusting thing ever that has happened at your school?
Dear Redditors, what is the meanest thing you ever told someone and how do you feel about it now?
What's your college degree?
If you could have lunch with one person in history, no language barriers, who would it be and why?
God decides to spice things up a bit and adds a third sex. What are their features?
What's a hobby or interest that tends to make a person worse at it, the more passionate they are about it?
What was the sign that was spelled so wrong that you asked yourself, "How did they not notice?"?
What are some good linear algebra tutoring resources that are available within short notice?
What generation do those born between '97 and '00 belong to?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
If Reddit were a nineties sitcom, what character would each subreddit be?
Redditors who have been in Natural Disasters; what was your "Oh shit, this is real" moment?
What is a plot hole in life?
What type of degree do you have?
What is something you got really upset about, but looking back realize it was no big deal?
Peolple of Reddit, what is your weird pleasure?
If America was making a dis track on Russia during the cold war, what would it sound like?
If you had the ability to change the future what would you do?
Men of reddit, why are you still drooling over white women in 2020?
If you could choose to live in one historic time period, which would you choose and why?
What are some incredibly awesome songs or videos to listen/watch during this crazy time?
You wake up to see a strange on the side of your bed what do you do?
Redditors with pets, do you ever wonder what your pet named you?
If this was the end of the world, what do you regret? Why would you have done differently?
Which viewing style on Reddit do you prefer?
Rank the top five countries in a certain topic without saying what that topic is. Commenters, guess what the ranking is for?
If there was a fight between the Egyptian gods, Norse gods, Greeks gods and Hindu gods, who would win?
What are some instant food options (e.g Ramen, Crack an Egg) that don’t exist yet and you’d like to see?
which is the thing that you miss the most about your life 1 month ago?
People that grew up poor but turned out rich and successful in life, what's your story? And how are things different for your family now?
Why do jock straps have no back?
When did you realize your kid wasn’t a kid anymore?
[Serious] What problem of yours would go away if you only had an extra $100?
If you had to make the whole world use only letters or numbers, which would you choose and why?
What do you REALLY want now?
You go to a restaurant and the price is so expensive. When the food comes, it's so small! It's a ripoff. What do you do? How do you proceed?
What is something you love now hate?
When you so decide it's time to step outside for the day?
You are given three minutes to convince any world leader to step down. What do you say?
What would be the benefits of having a bionic android as a date/bestfriend?
What is your most comical breakup story?
Given how chaotic this year has been, from the beginning really, let’s try to lighten the mood. What has been your favorite or most satisfying experience from 2020 thus far? Any significant accomplishments, enjoyable moments, etc..?
What Is The Most Unprofessional Thing You’ve Seen Someone Do?
People from fallen Soviet nation states, what was the biggest adjustment to life after the Communist Party was disbanded that you had to get use to?
What are examples of executive meddling doing a good thing?
What’s the most intense workout song you know?
What else could Neil Armstrong have said after putting the first step to the moon?
Class clowns of Reddit, how did you get that title?
To those of you who have anxiety, what can you (or others) do to make you feel better?
What is a Story you always wanted to share?
What Podcasts would you recommend to other People?
How much time have you dedicated to Reddit since the pandem?
What problem of yours would go away if you only had an extra $100?
What are some of the weirdest subreddits you came across?
Non-US Redditors, What's a huge piece of pop culture in your country you wish was better known outside it?
Where have you had the most enjoyable/memorable vacations?
What are some creative ways to make money right now?
Reddit, what jokes do you know that take the most unexpected turn?
Which video game brings you the best memories?
What's the stupidest question you asked your parents as a kid?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
You die and are reborn. How and what do you tell your new parents? What do you do differently this time?
What old thing have you found after packing your stuff from the house you been living for so long?
What are some reasons that people fall for scams where they have to pay a debt with gift cards?
You're at a dinner party eating, and find out that the food is poisoned. What do you do?
Have you ever been ghosted by someone close to you? What was the reason why?
What kind of pets do you have and their names?
why is the sky blue?
You come home to discover to identical versions of someone you live with are having a fight and they both insist the other is the impostor. What do you do?
If you had the chance to roast Donald Trump what would you say?
Imagine we continued to evolve and develop as a specie for millions of years to come, what would be the things we would still not be able to answer or get to the bottom of?
Do you believe in the after life? Why or why not?
What's the most uncomfortable phone call you've ever had?
Is the royal mint of spain model in the intro of la casa de papel made of paper? If not, what then? Is it a 3d rendered model?
How long do you think your longest piss was?
What show intro you never skip?
When you see strangers that look interesting, what about their lives do you wonder about?
Redditors, what is some amazing open source software that can be used for documentation, accounting, bookkeeping and more?
With what are you struggling right now that could be solve of only you had an extra $50?
Househunters of reddit what is the most awful experience you've had when viewing a house?
What do you do when no matter what you try, your mental illness keeps you from having a normal life and you just want to end it all?
How well does organic deodorant actually work?
What's the first thing you plan to do when you get paroled later this summer?
What old have you found after packing your stuff from the you been living for so long?
Is there a way to find a reddit user with only their profile picture? And how?
What was the craziest rumour you heard about yourself?
Ladies of reddit, do you tell your man every time you take a pregnancy test or not? And what is your reasoning for your answer?
What’s the best moment that happened in your life?
What makes sense superficially, but makes less and less sense the more you think about it?
What's the most embarrassing/cringy thing you've seen or been shown when using their phone or computer?
what ways should a person react to when being yelled at?
Chocolate lovers of reddit, what is your favorite type?
City cyclists, what are the problems you encounter when cycling in the city and what are your demands and wishes to improve your safety?
What would aliens from outer space think of our Sci-fi movies that involve aliens?
What have you been missing out on your entire life?
What is the most strange thing that your pet brought home?
What type of person are you?
Why do pathological liars lie?
Parents of reddit when and how do you know your child isnt actually "getting changed"?
What went wrong on your favorite band's worst album?
How does it feel like to be the son/daughter of an artist?
Teachers, what is the worst experience you’ve had with an assignment?
What’s your favourite time of the day (hh:mm) and why?
Why does Subway put their "toppings" on the bottom, doesnt that make the "bottomings"?
What are the best subreddits about people hurting themselves/others such as holdmyfeedingtubeor hadtohurt?
What is the male version of Karens?
What NSFW thing happened at your school?
You wake up one morning and have an incredible healing factor, rendering you immortal. You can choose to regenerate on will. What do you do with this power?
What are your thoughts on talking to yourself in your head like to another person?
What "oh shit, this is real" moment is the one that convinced you to start staying home?
What us the male version of Karens?
What advice from a particular Philosophy benefited your mental health?
When things finally get back to normal, what business sectors, industries, or individual companies do you see being in danger of not coming back or at least be hanging by a thread?
Redditors who have been in an open, long-distance, polyamorous, online relationships, can you share the nasty comments you have received your relationship not being "normal" Or "real"?
What is the most wholesome interaction you’ve had with a stranger online?
Reddit users, what is the dumbest rule you have ever seen?
[Serious] Non Americans, what is you thought on some americans believing your country is overreacting and crashing your economy to make Trump look bad?
Do you think humanity will last until the year 3000? Why or why not?
How single are you?
What keeps you up at night?
What’s the best way to eat a burger?
How do you summon a god without a ritual?
What song lyric applies to your life?
What, to you, is love?
Askreddit, what little things do you do to show you love and appreciate your partner?
What is something you wish you liked?
What are some of the best patch notes from Earth update 01/01/20?
Why is “color” sometimes spelled “colour,” what’s with the extra “u”?
Former inmates of Reddit: what are your best/worst stories from being locked up?
Do snakes/siders affect zombies and how?
You are only allowed to eat one type of cereal and it's the only thing you can eat for every meal, what cereal do you chose chose to survive on?
If you could punch your sibling as hard as you want how hard would you hit?
What are some good romance book series to read ?
[Serious] What's your opinion on using VR (in the future) on people with mental problems such as criminals, rapists, pedophiles (or anything you can think of) so they can let out that "bad energy" and maybe becoming better in the society? Would it be morally acceptable in our future society?
What are activities you and your SO can do while in isolation?
Conservatives, how do you feel browsing a site like reddit ?
Men of Reddit, what would you do if your wife’s boyfriend asked you to give him all of your toilet paper in exchange for a Nintendo Switch?
What cool free multiplayer games are there to play with boyfriend ?
What's something you did or liked before it became popular?
Police officers who froze when something happened, how did you get over it and overcome it?
What movie/book/musical/etc did you find yourself rooting for the villain to win?
Kids of religious parents, when did there religiousness become too much for you?
Which subreddit would be best to share a bit of an inspirational poem/quote about the current situation?
What politician has showed real leadership and inspired confidence for you throughout this difficult time?
How do you keep yourself sane during this time?
What signs for a person are there for a person when they purposefully (without fear of insects) kill insects and such?
Cashiers/retail workers of reddit, what's your funniest experience with a little kid?
What’s your customer service horror story?
Dyslexics of reddit, how much of a hardship in life being a dyslexic has been for you?
If you had the ability to download one subject worth of information (a language, a country’s nuclear codes, an entire play by play of the war of 1812) what subject would you choose?
Do u actually feel sad for a person or just pretend to feel sad when something bad happens to them? Why?
Mental health workers. What’s the scariest thing you’ve seen at work?
How do you even correct someone's spelling/pronounciation without coming off as a snob?
What is a completely believable but untrue “fact”?
What do you think about LDR? Would it ever work for you?
What’s your favorite board game?
Anybody here graduate from Ashworth College? If so, how was it?
What has marketing/advertisement/crappy design done so well that something completely wrong/unnecessary has become a norm for most people?
What's the doorway you've gone through the most times in your life, and what's the story behind it?
What would you think of a mild Boston accent on a woman?
Video games are a form of expression from many artists yet aren't treated as a form of art. Should they be considered art? Why or why not?
If life was a game what do you think was the worst update?
Redditors who like Money Heist, what would your city name be?
What is the 1 item you cannot live without if the shit truly hit the fan?
What's something you've done, that keeps you up at night, that you've never forgiven yourself for? (Serious)
If the Roman Empire still existed, what would it be like today?
What's your favorite colour?
Rich people of reddit(or wealthier) what makes us broke people be broke?
If your life was a youtube video, what would be the thumbnail and title?
A question about beer: what is the Canadian version of Natty Ice?
You find a mystical smartphone that has the ability to transcend time. Its magic is at 1% though, so you can only send ONE quick text to any person (including yourself) from the moment they started texting until now. What do you send?
"What are your biggest weaknesses?"
People of Reddit - how are you?
What is the macaroni fork of reddit?
What lesser known video game have you and your friends been playing?
What is in your opinion the most interesting thing about the universe?
What motivates you to get out of bed each morning?
Dear Reddit, do you pee or poo first, or both at the same time, when you go number 2?
What’s the most unbelievable story you ever heard that turned out to be true?
How long did it take for you to see results from squats?
With all of the recent video game remakes; what's a video game that you would like to see remade?
You are what you eat. What are you in this situation?
What was your experience with a rude and or mean employee?
People who knew The Weeknd prior to fame, what was he like?
What is something that you should not Google that is also not illegal?
Why has the Statue of Liberty never been “cleaned” to reveal the copper underneath?
Parents of Reddit ..what is your crazy you lost your child, like in a supermarket, story?
What will happen if Boris Johnson dies?
It’s the end of the world, and you can play any song and the whole world will hear it before the world ends. What do you play?
What has been your biggest regret/ missed opportunity so far in life?
What is the most underrated appliance in your kitchen?
What is your worst amusement park experience?
Upper class/rich parents: How were you able to raise your children to have a strong work ethic and appreciation for money, while at the same time spoiling them with the finer things in life?
what do you prefer, Half life series or Fallout series?
Who’s your favorite up-and-coming/unheard of music artist that you think should be getting a lot more recognition?
Rich people born into wealth, what's something you don't understand people in poverty?
If you could design Alexa, Siri and Google Voice as a robotic android what would they look like?
What is the deepest thing you've ever said?
If youve ever worked in a job where you deal with customers im sure youve come across some major jackasses. But what was a time when YOU were the jackass customer and you realized it when it was too late?
Have you ever lost interest in an artist/band because you've been influenced into thinking that they sucked? How did things turn out years after that?
If you could meet anyone from history, who would it be?
What should Jimmy get for his birthday?
What's the one movie you'll never watch again, and why?
Tiktokers of reddit, who is your favorite tiktok star?
What’s the Funniest Thing You Can Make Google Translate Say By Typing English Phrases into the Italian Field?
Aibohphobia is the fear of palindromes, what other words are like this which are out there just to fuck with us?
F/20 im in a LDR. Ask me literally anything
What are some strange, obscure or less traveled locations to tour with Google Maps street view?
How are people supposed to raise post karma past 10 if every place they post banns them?
What discovery changed your masturbation experience forever? [Serious]
What famous person have you met and had a real conversation with in a non forced way?
What was a cool thing you've done that nobody believed you about?
How would you describe a movie using only emojis?
Non US residents, what is your all’s news reporting about us? What are your thoughts/opinions about it?
(serious) What is the closest youve been to killing somebody accidentaly?
what is the meaning life?
What is your favorite meme in your native non English language ?
What is your best memory from Minecraft?
what is the difference between intelligence and wisdom?
What is the best thing to buy that costs $1000 or less?
Vegans of reddit what do you think of PETA and do you think their tactics for converting vegans work?
What's the story behind your username?
If you could ask an animal anything, what would it be?
What's a reason you don't like a certain music artist that isn't your fault?
What is Most Comman Thing You Do DAILY ?
What about second breakfast?
Paranormal (serious) What paranormal thing (demons or ghost) did you witness, how did you respond and did others believe you?
In an alternate universe where everything’s the same, but YouTubers and movie actors have switched, what would be the most interesting switch?
Redditor's who have lost one shoe, ONLY one shoe, in a public space; what is your story?
What would you change in your life right now?
You’re locked in a room. Inside it’s just you, John Goodman, some lit candles, and a jar of crisco. If you can resist his anus for 48 hours, you win $100. What is his strategy to make you crack, and how do you resist?
Basketball fans of reddit, what’s worse. Getting dunked on with full nuts in your face or getting crossed up with your knees hitting the floor?
What are your thoughts on having to eventually induct Justin Bieber into the Rock n Roll hall of fame due to his continued popularity for over a decade?
What made you cry today?
What memory do you just keep going back to ?
Pick a film. Burn it. What do you choose?
What is the most satisfying ASMR video?
Why does meth fuck people up so bad?
What if there's a third way to have cereal? What if, instead of pouring milk first, or cereal. What if it is poured together, at the same time? Or poured in a different container first, then to a cereal bowl?
What good things have happened in 2020?
If we don’t get a vaccine for a few years and we don’t develop natural immunities, how long are you prepared to shelter in place?
What was your most extreme dejavu moment?
If you could change one thing in history what would it be?
Those who got caught using Wattpad/etc by an authority figure, how did that go down?
How much have you changed since arguing about Tamagotchi in the playground?
What do you think about having sex before married?
Guitar center (or any guitar store) workers of Reddit: What things should we avoid buying from you?
People of Reddit. You pick a category/topic, and let's see how long the conversation lasts?
What is something your do with your friend(s) that other people might not understand or find funny?
How many white claws does it take for y’all to get drunk?
A time traveller visits from 100 years in the future. What are they surprised to find is exactly the same as, or completely different from, what they've read in their history books?
Do reporters know what questions to ask political leaders to trigger them, make them go off script and say funny things?
Soldiers and Veterans of the U.S Military, what is the best way we can thank you for your service to our country besides the "Thank you for your service line"?
What is your biggest wish?
If you could ask an animal anything, what will it be?
[Serious] If you had some sort of accident or surgery that left a foreign object in your body, why was it left there and can you still feel it?
What did Hitler do wrong?
What's the best thing about having siblings?
People that have witnessed a fist fight at a wedding, what happened to cause it?
What’s something that has happened that you attribute to the full moon?
People who have lost years of their life to something you regret doing, is it possible to ever move on from that lost time?
When did you last see your dad cry?
Okay reddit, you walk into a bank for whatever reason and suddenly, a group of people hold up the bank and take everyone including you hostage. Do you be a hero or follow commands?
What did Hitler do wrong?
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
You can bring your old self to the future, what do you tell/show him?
What are some common assumptions about girls or women who are both smart and pretty?
(Serious) what's the closest you've been to getting life in jail?
What animal would you buy at a wet market to eat?
What are the most adorable subreddits on Reddit?
If you are what you eat, then you eat what you are, does that make you a cannibal?
Your country’s government puts out a statement that says “all men are now to be considered a sub species and can be treated and owned as pets and slaves.” Both guys and girls, how are you re-acting to this news?
What's Karma ? It's hard to explain ?
What is the most outrageous conspiracy theory you've heard someone wholeheartedly believe?
What's something you used to hate about your body/face then you found out some people use surgery and makeup to have this feature?
What’s everyone doing now other than on Reddit?
What do you believe happens after death?
What would be the worst time to be sick?
What costs less than it probably should?
What do Non-Americans think of Tiger King?
Who has a story about a bad experience with a food that make you avoid the particular food still?
What is the biological purpose for being born with a foreskin?
People who've started working a new job from home rather then the office; what is it, and do you find it stressful?
Redditors with 3D Printers, what are you currently making?
Americans of Reddit, which state is the most boring?
What is better for editing, Kinemaster or PowerDirector?
What’s the best invention you’ve come up with?
What are all the Gym Nuts doing to maintain muscle mass these days?
What was your favourite song that Tik Tok ruined?
What is the foundation that you built your life on?
All social media is being deleted, but everyone on a social media gets to pick one to stay. Which social media do you vote?
If you could watch a movie/tv show again, for the first time, what would it be and why?
Girlfriends of Reddit, what is something that your boyfriend could say or tell you to help cheer you up when your sad? [Serious]
Non-monogamous people of Reddit, why have you modeled an entire relationship style around getting to sleep around, rather than be single?
What movies never fail to make you cry?
Toilet paper Karens, why?
Victim blaming has now expanded beyond rape and now applies to all victims. What would be the other versions of "look at what they were wearing" or "they were asking for it" if it applied to other victims?
How did/would you react if someone told you they had a sex dream about you?
A new fringe of conspiracy theorists have sprung up, claiming that 5G causes...what?
If you were marooned on a deserted island, which Hollywood actress or actor would you like to be stuck with?
If you could replace any two major roles from one film with Betty White and Queen Elizabeth II, what would they be and what would be the movie's new name?
What is your greatest weakness ?
Hentai watchers of Reddit, what’s the worst hentai you’ve ever seen and why?
What is the most beautiful compliment someone told you?
[Serious] What's the longest you've gone without masturbating and how did it change your life for the better?
What’s your Karen story?
If you could listen to a song/album again, for the first time, what would it be and why?
What are Jobs hiring ASAP right now?
How would you describe your first sexual experience using a movie title?
What movie didn't you "get" the first time you watched it?
In the United States, we use "8-ball" to reference cocaine or "pot" to reference marijuana, what odd terms does your country use in reference to drugs?
What animal would you buy at a wet market to eat?
Employers of reddit, what is the wierdest thing someone did in an interview?
What do you think about your choices in life ?
People who fell prey to a MLM/Pyramid Scheme, what’s your story?
What is your opinion on hanging out with friends durning the situation rn?
How is the climate doing because of the isolation?
What was the worst instance of a teacher or professor unable to use modern technology you've witnessed?
What business do you miss the most right now?
What's your favorite song about animals?
[Serious] What is the use of doing anything if everything we do is simply to lessen the suffering we feel when our brains release chemicals?
When did you save your own life?
Which fictional character would you fuck?
Reddit what is the holy grail of your hobby?
What movies would completely change their genre if you add only one letter to the title?
What do you think would have happened if the Mayans predicted the world to end in 2020?
What's the weirdest thing anyone's ever asked you?
10-30 year olds. What video game will you refer to as a ‘classic’ to your grandchildren?
What's something a teacher of yours did in class that made you wonder how they didn't get fired?
Do you think it's possible to have a truly nice dictator? If so what would they be like?
Have you ever been called good looking or beautiful by a stranger, and if so how did you feel?
What are your Top 3 Instant Oatmeal flavors?
Gamers, what part of what game legitimately sent chills down your spine and scare the shit out of you?
What is the correct way to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
Who the hell are Carole Baskin and Joe Exotic?
What would happen if Creed and Nickelback performed at next years Superbowl half time show?
[serious] If you were the ICU doctors that are taking care of Boris Johnson or Trump (hypothetically), would more or less effort be put into keep them alive? Would more lives be saved by letting them die? Those in ICE camps may equate Trump to Hitler, what if the patient was Hitler?
People of Reddit who worked for scam/fraud companies, how was your first day and how did you get through it?
Gamers, what was the greatest "Last Stand" you had?
What is a subtle way to piss of a friend?
What's the cringiest thing you ever did to impress someone?
Why do (most) Americans refer to Europe as a whole country?
People that have worked at the DMV, what's the craziest experience you've had while working there?
What was the "incident" at your work place/school?
What is a good excuse to bully someone?
People who got robbed while awake what did you do?
What are babies made of?
[Serious] People who simulated their own death, why did you do it? What do you do now?
If a person from 100 A.D teleported to today what would be the first thing you would show or tell them about?
What's cancelled because of the situation we're in right now that you're upset about?
People of reddit, who changed your life for the better?
What is your most scariest near-death experience?
What movie did you think will be complete trash/not your taste and turned out to be one of your favorite?
People of Reddit whose parents were together but slept in different beds/rooms: how did you feel about that?
Why is 42 such a renowned number?
[Serious] What is the creepiest solved crime?
Except plain salt and pepper, whats a spice everyone should have in their kitchen?
Make-up lovers of Reddit: when do you where make-up during self isolation?
If you could be any other living creature/thing for 1 hour, what would you choose and why?
Curious on how many hard seltzer’s (white claw, truly, etc...) it takes for y’all to get drunk?
Redditors who use abbreviations and accronyms that the majority of people dont know why do you do it?
During the panicdemic what are your reasons to be cheerful?
For people who say controversy as CON-TRAV-ASY instead of CON-TROV-ERSY how do you say controversial?
Competitive hotdog eaters of Reddit; what's your story?
[serious] what is the scariest story you know and that is 100% true?
Is there a logical fallacy which means if a person has never seen or experienced something first hand, or knows someone who has, the topic is either untrue or exaggerated?
What crazy expensive purchase took your hobby to the next level?
What is your favorite subreddit that has been dead for over a year, but still has old interesting posts to look through?
Older generation lgbtq+ members of reddit, what's your opinion of the newer generations of lgbtq+? What major differences have you noticed?
What knowledge could save your life one day?
What's a specific feeling that you experience but that there is no word for?
What is your opinion on Apple versus Samsung?
What did you never knew you had untill it was gone?
What song brings you up on a bad day?
What are some things that you never quit, only take breaks from?
people who have auditory hallucinations, what’s it like?
What are you waiting for?
How can you get yourself out of a mental rut?
What do you think is the most underrated dessert or way to eat it?
Home/Store owners, what are some of the weirdest things that have been stolen?
What something you loved as a kid, but makes you cringe now?
Girls who have used 100 different colour pens, what are you doing with your life now?
Pianists, what piano piece/s has left you thinking “playing this is imposible”?
Whats the stupidest thing u did in your teen years?
Redditors who've had the "are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Line actually work, what's your story?
Have you ever had a "sovereign citizen" encounter or experience? If so, what was it like?
When did we diverge into the dark timeline?
What's your 'it was at this moment, he knew, he f***ed up' experience?
People who work in IT,computer repair, phone store, or electronic repairs what's the weird or the worse thing you've ever seen?
"In 2020, we will have flying cars" is old news . Moving forward,what will we have in 2040?
What unconventional holidays were/are celebrated in your house?
You are now the engineer behind the next school of witchcraft and wizardry! What features does your school have?
Those who have overlooked a visible physical flaw in someone at the start of a relationship and ended up having a great experience, what’s your story?
If you had a totem animal of your choice, which one would it be?
What is the biggest problem that you are currently facing ?
Gamers of reddit, what games have you started, but never got around to finishing?
Married folks of Reddit. How well did your partner/you hide the surprise?
How come celebrities can wear bikinis on the beach but when they wear revealing clothes at a concert they're thots?
Redditors, what is the appropriate length to roll up your sweatshirt sleeves?
What music album makes you feel like remembering teenage memories you never lived?
People who only eat premade meals/take out, how's life? How's your health? Are you enjoying your meals?
What is your pet peeve?
What is something you know, but you feel like you shouldn't know?
What's something you want but can't have?
What’s your favorite “roll credits” moment in a movie? In other words, when have you seen a movie where they say the title in the script?
What is the most Cringe thing you have ever done?
What is the creepiest thing to happen to you on the internet?
What’s the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
What's the worst way you've tried to back pedal after saying or doing something you shouldn't have?
If the world was actually like commercials, what are some of the changes we would see?
What was your favorite food before and now you no longer enjoy eating because of what reason?
[serious] - What are some interesting items worth investing in?
Parents of Reddit, what's the strangest impromptu song your toddler has sung?
What are some “secret” habits/behaviors of yours that you didn’t realize many other people also have?
(Serious) What is your abuse story with a step parent?
Hows qaurintine going so far? Ups and downs?
If gravity suddenly switched from pulling you towards the ground to pulling you sideways, how would you survive?
What advice would you give to a person currently living in an unfit home?
How will an open-source Machine Learning model repository help the ML community ?
Why do alot of lesbians try to look like males?
What song speaks from your soul?
In what practical ways can we use our current situation to create better workplaces when this is all over?
What have you been doing to keep yourself occupied during these circumstances?
What are some real life hacks everyone should know about?
People of Reddit how do you pronounce GIF? with the hard G or the right way?
Hey, aside from Bill Gates, where are all the other billionaires at the moment?
What's the most underrated thing you know that deserves more attention?
With everything going on in the world, How’s your sleeping schedule?
What things are a immediate turn-off when dating?
Tomorrow is your last day on earth, what is your last piece of advice to your loved ones?
If half of the population was going to be eradicated in one week, and you had to decide which people would be killed, how would you decide? What would you use to judge who should live and who should die?
People who didn't know that they had saved someones number under a different name (nickname), and the person is next to you checking if you have their number, what happened?
Who is someone in the past or present who inspires you but definitely shouldn’t?
What’s the progression story of how you went from something you disliked to something you now love?
What do you want to do before die but are not sure you can do it?
Pretending this is the end of the world, what "last" outdoors things (movies, dinners, concerts, etc) did you do, and how glad or sad they'll be your last?
What event, personal or not, has changed you as a person?
What’s the most humiliating injury you received that you wish you could brag about enduring but it’s to embarrassing?
How to view results of a poll?
Redditors of reddit, whats your opinion on reddit?
Which song just hurts?
What is the one thing you wouldn’t do for a million dollars?
What is your favorite .io game?
When did a family gathering went horribly wrong?
When was the first time you played (or heard of) Minecraft?
People who have witnessed a murder, what's your story?
Why chicken go a-hee a-hee?
what is your favorite flower, and why?
Why don't you have a heart?
What's up with the icons on comments now?
Given all this free time, what are some things a junior in high school should learn that would help them in the future?
People who use premium gas stations, is it worth it? Is there any real difference in the fuel, or are you just paying for a nicer gas pumping experience?
What's the best non-expletive insult someone has ever said to you?
What are some of the nicknames your country has given your leader?
People who like boobs of reddit. What’s your opinion of people who have different sized boobs, that are def noticeable?
After contagion, which movie plot or prophecy do you think can come true next?
What is your does not match the image moment?
What is your favorite game to play?
What time would you jump to in the past and take someone else's place ?
What is your scariest home alone story?
What was a movie or TV show that you thought was just a dream or imagined in your childhood that you recently discovered is real?
What are some dumb things you have done while drunk or to get drunk?
What do you need right now?
What do you think about the most throughout the day?
What would happen if all banks forgave all private credits/ loans?
What is the best kinky sex position?
How do you eat your M&amp;M’s?
What would happen to the brain from mindless scrolling on Instagram 12 hours a day for a year?
Who is the nicest celebrity you have met?
People who used to work in Disneyland, Disney World, what secrets can you tell us now?
How would one go about gaining the ability to legally possess schedule 2 substances in the United States?
How do you use a squat toilet if you’ve got explosive diarrhea?
People who continue to buy out all the toilet paper: How many bags of dicks do you eat in a day?
For those of you that sleep walk what is the weirdest thing you woke up to?
What Are The Most Unique Animals On Earth That Are Not Widely Known?
you get to pick a super power, but the catch is, everyone in the world has this power EXCEPT you, what power do you choose?
Parents of Reddit who share custody: How have things been between you, the kid(s) and the other parent?
Why does jerking off to porn feel like paradise?
What was the biggest plot twist of all time?
What’s the most illegal thing you can do with 1 dollar?
What would you do if you made yourself into yourself?
What is your biggest flex?
What is the best thing to say when you answer a spam number?
What is a nice gesture that makes you mad ?
Imagine you have to compete against someone random in a music concert, most skilled one wins a million dollars. You cannot choose an instrument you know how to play. Which instrument would you pick?
Ladies of Reddit, sex penis woman sex boyfriend booby vagina? And how did it feel?
In twenty-five years, what will be a major world/country/local event that will go down in history as a defining moment of the time period 1995-2020?
What has Daylight Savings fucked up?
Americans of reddit what is/was the most American thing about your high school?
When did weed become a common thing?
[Serious] Reddit, what note-like apps do you use on your desktop and what features make it your favorite?
What’s something we can all learn while we are stuck indoors?
You are 1 of 9,999,999 people asked. You get to keep whatever 7-digit dollar amount you want as long as no one else chooses it. What do you choose?
Why do you feel tired after a good cry?
What’s the male equivalent of a Karen?
Anybody know of a show that follows multiple story-lines but each episode is dedicated to one story line instead of back-and-forthing between multiple stories?
Why are pizza delivery drivers always stoner types on tv and movies?
For those who dated or even had sex with a relative they didn't know was their relative and later found out you guys were related, what was the aftermath?
What’s the best loophole you have found and exploited the hell out of?
Why don't people enjoy quarantining rather than working?
to all tipes of gamers :what gaming device do you have?
What do you hate about your life?
What’s your worst insect story?
Women of reddit, what is a stereotypically manly thing that you enjoy?
Which type of ice is the BEST ice and why?
If you could make a theme park, what would it’s theme be?
What’s something profound you’ve heard a child say?
How come tons of guys are convinced that boys are BORN with far fewer, less intense emotions, and less capability to see emotional meaning in something than girls, and others say they had a huge range and depth of emotion when they were young, some even more than most girls, but lost it growing up?
If you could make any conspiracy true which one would it be ?
(NSFW) What would be the most innocent and harmlessly inappropriate AskReddit question to mark as NSFW?
Apartment residents that leave your garbage in the trash room instead of tossing it down the chute: what do you do with all that precious time you save?
What would be the first thing you would do if you woke up in the year 2050?
If Gordon Ramsey was brought in to critique the time you lost your virginity, what would he have been shouting at you?
What are your experiences with Dungeons &amp; Dragons, and other role-playing games like it?
Trolls of reddit, how do you decide when you accomplished your goal?
What is something you can do or have done to fuck with some one?
If God had a hobby, what would it be?
What parts of self isolation, social distanceing and the new normal are you actually enjoying?
What is something you saw completely by accident but can never forget?
What changed your opinion about someone?
Who do you think will be the "classic" beautiful men and women people will admire 50 years from now (Like Marilyn Monroe, Marlon Brando, Audrey Hepburn, etc.)?
Are identical twins dicks identical? In what ways are they similar?
Who decides a subs description?
What’s the first definition to come to mind when you think of the word “Homophobia”?
What animals do you think get the most undeserved hate?
If everyone in the world suddenly became less intelligent than you, what would you do now that you're the smartest person in the world?
What time period would you like to live in?
People who being subject for pharma companies, what was the worst moment during the test?
How do you do strike through, bold, italic and hyperlinks on reddit?
(wrong answers only) What does Lmao mean?
What movie / TV show scene will always make you cry?
What have you done in the past that when you think back on it you say "How the fuck am I still alive"?
Women and Men of Reddit, What makes someone’s genitals more attractive than another’s?
[Serious]When did you or someone you know use reverse psychology?
(wrong answers only) What does smh mean?
what are some unusual hobbies to get into?
What was something you were really good at when you were younger, but had no choice but to drop it as you got older?
How likely is it that Hitler ate a Pizza once?
(wrong answers only) What does IKEA mean?
Parents of reddit, what did you find out needed to be baby proofed after it was too late?
What do humans not deserve?
Who is the most loved/respected person in your country?
What is something that's very popular locally where you live but rarely heard of elsewhere?
Could you stay friends with someone if you found out they where racist?
What movie or show changed dramatically if you add one letter in the title?
You must eat 1 pound of Casu Marzu cheese everyday or you die, how does that change your life?
When you got your first PC/laptop, what was the first game you immediately installed and played?
Have you every gotten aroused with yourself? if so how was it?
If you could bring 3 people back to live, one for the world, one for someone else, and one for yourself, who would these people be?
What is the correct way to keep a shower curtain: Open so you can see the design or closed so you can make sure there aren't murders hiding?
You can fake sick regular school, but how do you skip online school?
Surgeons: What pieces of equipment do you use most often and how many/much do you go through per day?
How did you know you truly met the love of your life?
What actor, or non-actor, would you want to play you in a movie about your life?
How much do you think a Spartan weighted?
What's your first-book-writing journey?
What's your first-book-writing journey?
What would you ask if you could ask God a single question and he would answer truthfully?
What are some good desserts?
Ever ended (or seen one end) a friendship due an action not directed to you? What triggered it?
How to deal with a difficult preson that lives with you, when the option of leaving them isn't possible?
What would other authors post about, if they ran their twitter account like JK Rowling?
If you drop a yellow hat in the red sea what does it became ?
People of Reddit, what is a product or service you used that completely blew away your expectations?
(Serious) What’s your definitions of a pure girl? And how many (in percent ratio) are there compared to “others”?
What to do when you want to hug your GF but you don't have one?
How to 'pretend' to be like a foolish person?
What was the best Birthday Party you ever had?
Gay redditors who crave cock and attention, have you ever wanted to be straight?
Have you ever had a dream that you got back with your ex and if so why?
Okay seriously, what the fuck is Tiger King?
What are you thankful for today?
DMs of Reddit, what are all of the planes of existence like in D&amp;D?
Where is the best place to find super clingy women that have deep emotional and daddy issues?
What's your favorite geometry dash level?
If you were Thanos from Avengers what would you have done differently?
How will "the new situation" effect real estate and house prices will they be lower or higher more specifically in Florida?
What is your best book/album/movie/tv show suggestion for all of us stuck in isolation that we may not have heard of before?
What has been your most memorable “It wasn’t worth it” experience?
What's the proper way: using each piece of toilet paper once or folding it to wipe twice?
If you could ask any question on Reddit what would you ask?
What was the most badass move you ever pulled off in a video game?
Who is your favorite social media influencer and why?
What's the most attractive trait in a guy ?
When do you usually wake up? Why then?
What's your random trivia?
What's up guys and gals?
University application readers/acceptors, what makes a good college application?
What movie/tv show was a bad idea to watch with parents?
What is the longest you've gone doing something wrong or incorrect with no idea, and what was it?
What’s your definitions of a pure person?
What is something you've joked about most of your life but suddenly come to realise it's no longer actually a joke but is in fact a seriously questionable truth?
Students of Reddit: How's the workload now at home versus while at school?
DMs and players of Reddit, what reason can you think of for the player party to burn down a house in Dungeons and Dragons?
What happens when England’s Prime Minister dies?
People who attend underground street fights, what’s it like?
what super power would you pick if given the chance (don't say something boring and overdone like Time Travel)?
What are some useful/interesting tips and ideas for masturbating?
What's the best "dad joke" you've ever heard?
Do you think O.J. Simpson will do something illegal like what he did in 2007 and get arrested again? Or is he too old?
What's the lowest you've ever been in your life? How'd you manage to get out of that hole?
Procrastinators of reddit, what's the biggest thing you've procrastinated doing and how did it turn out?
How often do you get flat out, plumb stupid, excessively sloppy ploppy, dirty little slut drunk?
You are now in charge of designing a school for magic users! What all do you include in your school?
What would you do if you were stranded in the time period you know the most about, excluding modern day?
What are some jobs you can get without a college education that you can earn more money doing the longer you've worked there for?
People who have the same name as famous people, how do you get by?
Musical fans, what underrated musical to you recommend to nearly everyone and why?
What is the male equivalent of an onlyfans account?
Anyone else considering a career/life change when this is over?
What was the last thing your mum said to you?
What are some really under rated bands?
What is a question that you would ask the entire world?
What has isolation made you appreciate most about what it was like before?
[Serious] How many high paying jobs in USA will come back after more than 10,000 competitors passed away?
You spy a wastebasket stuffed with eight feet of bubble-wrap, one inch bubbles; you retrieve it and... what's your next move?
Where did you take your girl on your First Date.?
What would you do if you had only 30 minutes to live?
Reddit Users! What is one way you minlipulatidd some to the extent that you felt like a God?
People who comment "who else is listening to this in 2020?" Why?
What are you pretty sure has only happened to you?
What do you think about Germany ?
What food could a person eat enough of that it will kill them?
Wich game is extremely underrated and why?
What’s the funniest drunk text you ever received?
Which film most closely depicts US president as the current one (and maybe give examples of why)?
How do you motivate yourself to do something you can't do?
What random new turn-on or kink have you had appear out of absolutely nowhere? [nsfw]
How many of you will take up your mothers offer of being slapped into last year because how bad this one has been. Will you? Why why not??
How can one share Reddit videos with non Reddit members?
Reddit, which episode of The Simpsons should everyone watch at least once?
What is the ultimate dad joke?
What’s your favorite dead meme?
With all of the world events happening right now, what is your real biggest fear for 2020 -2021?
What are some good group chat games to play with online friends?
Why does busting a nut to porn feel sooooooo good?
What is something you wish you invented/came up with?
What is the craziest thing you have witnessed?
Psychologists of reddit, have you ever had a patient that was a famous serial killer/Pyschopath? Who was it?
What are the best and worst cheap dates you’ve been on?
People of reddit that have been dumped. What is your story??
If you could go back in time and change 1 moment in your life, what would it be?
What is your country's equivalent to the cheese sandwich?
What's the coolest thing you've done for money?
When have you seen someone that wasn't quite a madlad, but more of a mildly agitated lad?
What was upper shtf moment?
What's something about you that is true, but seems made up?
Every state in the US seems to have at least one or two towns with a really strange name. What's your state's strange town names?
What’s a Tooth Fairy/Santa equivalent lie for adults?
You get wake up one day to discover that you are now a dog. You will soon forget everything except for one thing (a memory, something you learned, how to read, etc.) of your choosing. What do you choose to remember and why?
What 'normal activity' becomes suspicious if done at 3am?
is it wrong to like you stepmom why or why not?
Who here has an anxious attachment style with relationships and can talk about how they are feeling during all this "limited contact"?
What is something you can say about yourself which would inpress anyone?
What's the most spooky Halloween fact you know?
What is a mindset/way of thinking that annoys you?
The nearest yellow object kills you, how do you die?
What scares you the most currently?
Covonavires killed everyone, you're the only person alive in your country. What would you do now ?
at what moment did you completely loose your temper?
When is the worst time to laugh?
What d'you're thinking of the breakdown and medicines or hell of information or misinformation, when you want to break so much inconveniences ?
What are your random predictions for coming years?
Why and how did your last relationship end?
Attractive people of Reddit, what sucks about being attractive?
How do you keep motivating yourself when trying to make something good as a habit?
What are some fast home remedies to cure constipation?
What are some relationship stereotypes, that you don't agree with or find it untrue?
What happens when you have sex during pregnany?
How much weight have you gained since all of this started?
What hilarious or bizarre things have you witnessed on Zoom?
What would be the worst time to suddenly develop hiccups?
If you could, what emotion would you cut off from your life?
What's something that makes absolutely no sense?
People who don’t watch movies\TV with the subtitles on: Why?
How many of you have better friends online (that you have probably never met) than you do in real life?
What's your favourite movie of all time and why?
If someone was thinking about leaving California for a better place to live, what place would be cheaper, cooler, friendly, not-so-political, and has a growing job market?
Redditors, what's an interesting dream you've had recently?
What time did you shower today?
Ladies of Reddit, what are some things that men are doing wrong?
When you pull up to the drive thru and see a longer line than usual, what’s your method to determine how long the wait will be and whether not it’s worth waiting?
Redditors with schizophrenia, how has schizophrenia effected your life?
You can have ONE superpower, but if anyone finds out, you cease to exist. What's your superpower and how to you prevent yourself from getting found out?
How does Reddit gold work?
When is someone’s opinion NOT valid?
Guys who have played a game of Soggy Biscuit; how did that go?
What’s the Angriest you ever felt and Why?
[serious] What is the most beautiful place you have ever seen in your country?
What is the most hilariously bad movie ever (besides the elephant in"The Room")?
people who have tried to become famous YouTubers, when did you realize that it wasn't going to work?
People who live in coastal cities/towns - how often do you actually go to the beach?
What is your sex appeal?
What would a description of your favorite movie in the vaguest terms possible sound like?
What's your most embarrassing "crap the shutter sound was on" moment?
If someone were to do blank to make your day 10x better, what would it be?
Your username is your cause of death... What are your last moments like?
What is something you would never tell people in real life but secretly believe?
Addicts of Reddit, what did you do to become sober? What was your breaking point? How did you find recovery?
Where did you end up at the end of you last youtube rabbit hole? What did you discover along the way?
Everyone knows about the four leaved clover, what are some other unique plant anomalies?
What's your best"Roses are red" poem?
You can go back and save any celebrity who died during your lifetime. Who do you choose and why?
What is the strangest thing you’ve shoved up your ass?
You are given a superpower based on the last thing you ate, what is your new found power?
What's the most annoying prank?
What’s something you’ve learned from a complete stranger?
People of Reddit who have children, are you okay?
What's the best thing you never want to do again?
How do you cope with your anxiety?
How would you react if Alex Jones has been right about everything?
What was your light at the end of the tunnel?
What has been your favorite birthday cake that you have received?
How would you describe feeling sad to someone whose never experienced it before?
To all the shoppers for grocery delivery services on Reddit, what can we as customers do to make your job easier?
What are religious people's opinion on the current scenario?
What is the most overrated part of the creative process? What is the most underrated part?
What’s something that is materialistic and very small scale and minuscule that makes you happy (for aesthetic or functionality)?
what’s something you think about all the time?
You are sent 500 years into the past, and your goal is to become a famous figure that is mentioned in history textbooks in the 21st century. What do you do?
Remember a few months ago when that Pelaton girl was trying way too hard to please her husband - what do you think she’s up to these days?
5 months into a new job now, how much savings would be ideal at this point?
What’s the funniest dog name you’ve ever heard?
What is the most stupid thing you ever heard in school?
What was your favorite food as a kid? Why?
What are some preferable alternatives to communism?
What would you do if you came home from a grueling day at work and found your best friend having sex with your SO in your room?
Do you ever felt the urge to buy a notebook to write/draw something in it, but when you own one just can’t determine its purpose and at the end of the day you leave it empty?
What seems normal to some people, but really complete nonsense?
You wake up in the morning and have completely transformed into the opposite sex. What's the first thing you do?
If you could ask the Wizard of Oz for one thing, what would it be and why?
What celebrity death impacted you the most? And why?
Who are some leaders in our history that future leaders could use as a reference?
What’s the best thing that’s happened to you this week?
If you entered a special room that 1s there equals to 1 year in normal earth, if someone destroyed that room... When would the person inside realize?
If You Had To Run Away From Everyone Then Where Would You Hide Yourself.?
What's stopping a television repairman with an awesome set of tools from making his own ventilator?
Jobs that can be replaced or done better and how?
If you were famous enough to have a celebrity roast, who would you have roast you?
Who are some actually funny comedians to start watching?
Since we're all stuck at home, what are some fun websites to visit?
People of reddit, what is your Pet's name and why?
To anyone that has even eaten anything poisonous and lived to tell the tale, what did it taste like?
Reddit, What Mobile Games Are Actually Fun?
What awesome thing did you record but lost the footage to?
What would you change about your physical appearance if given the chance?
Gamers, what was the most stressful moment that got your heart pumping in r6?
What’s your favourite rabbit hole to get lost in researching online?
How has "Siri" adapted to your current change of normal life?
Redditors who have successfully defended themselves or their family without the use of a firearm, what is your story? [Serious]
How does it feel to have a panic attack?
Hey Reddit You can have one super power, but it is illegal to use, what super power do you use and how do you hide it?
What vehicles are no longer used because of someone?
How were you busted watching porn/jacking off?
What is one thing everyone wants but most never get?
Who was the most incredible person you’ve known/met?
What do you think is happening in the timeline where Trump didn't get elected?
Reddit users who were hostages in a hostage-taking, what happened and how did you feel?
What did your family do to make u cut them off forever?
[Serious] What is the most important emotion?
What is the best purchase you have ever made for around the house?
[SERIOUS] - Why do Russians never communicate in English in cs:go?
Who is a really good, underrated music artist?
What are some problems you have faced due to a misdiagnosis of ADHD as an adult?
Through space exploration new plants to make alcohol from are discovered. A new drink is named after your username, how do you make it and what's the story behind it?
People who adopted kids and it turn out to be a bad idea, what happened?
Recovering meth addicts of Reddit: What kind of music did/do you listen to while messed up?
People who have created or experienced a tupla, what is your experience, and how well did it go to plan?
What type of social media posts can you absolutely not stand?
If you had to choose between never being able to see water and never being able to see fire, what would you choose and why?
What really obvious thing/things have you only just realised by staying at home?
Right now, who do you think is the nicest person in the room you are in (assuming you aren't in bed alone)?
What colour do you relate to most? Why?
What are the things your parents should have told you?
What was the last movie you saw that you hated?
Which theme song of a movie or a series is too good for a theme song?
What are your benefits of being single?
What is a wrong definition of sex?
What's your power workout song?
What's your best sex story?
What is the most preferable way to die?
whats your best childhood memory?
Why isn't the inch divided into 12 units like how the foot is divided into 12 inches?
Truckers/ couriers of Reddit, with many businesses closing due to the growing situation. Where do you go poop while working these days?
What’s your weirdest relationship dealbreaker?
Men of Reddit, why most of you are getting your shirt off when you get into a fight?
what is your Ouiji Board story?
Hand Sign Interpreters - What are the Worst Interpretations You've Seen on TV?
Dear Reddit, When it's time for someone to die on their deathbed, can they choose when to simply let go?
People of Reddit: What's something you're doing to keep yourself entertained during quarentine?
People of Reddit who have achieved their “dream job.” What did you do to be in the place that you are in right now?
What two people would you like to see in rap battle?
What is a FACT about the world that when you found out it just completely ruined your day?
What's an overwhelmingly GOOD historic event that's happened in recent memory?
If someone make a movie about you what genre it will be?
Pet lovers of Reddit, what was life like before and after having a pet?
What actor or actress would you like to see run for political office and why?
One day everyone likes you other they hate you how would you survive?
Gamers of reddit, what game is your "Guilty Pleasure", that you'd never admit to anyone you know that you enjoyed it?
What are some subreddits a person could sink hours into just reading and/or learning?
What country do you live in?
What would you do for a klondike bar?
[NSFW] Whatʼs the best song to masturbate to in your opinion?
When this is all over and we all can go back to our "normal" lives, where will people go? Do you think it will be crazy busy at shopping malls, movie theatres, or restaurants? Where do you miss going to?
What's something you have in your household that you thought was common but actually isn't?
Has anyone ever won the Samsung Pay Spin Wheel Game, if so what did you win?
People in Reddit, why a dog eating cereal with spon should be scary?
If you had to some up the last 20 years in a few words, how would you do so?
What's the worst pain you've ever experienced? [Serious]
What is a product that costs more per unit to buy in bulk?
What happened to beetle juice, did he die or get away from the famous life he used to be around then he vanished ?
What hobby have you recently started, and how is it progressing?
What are some weird food combos that you actually love to eat? How did you think of them?
People who work for non-profit organisations: Were you ever promised a big donation (from celebrities, TV-networks, politicians, fundraisers etc) that was never actually delivered?
What extra body part would you recommend God?
All front liners and other medics, what else can we do to help y’all besides staying home?
How do you deal with online conversations where context can get confusing?
People who don't play video games and are not currently doing so under the circumstances, why?
What are the best things to bake/cook during this situation?
What porn category have you browsed the most lately?
What are some famous shower thoughts in history that eventually became a reality and are still in use today ?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, what are your thoughts on the tipping conversation from Reservoir Dogs?
If you were to describe the world of today to someone from the past, with all its worries and technological marvels, how could you be the most vague and mysterious about it?
If you were to describe the world of today to someone from the past, with all its worries and technological marvels, how could you be the most vague and mysterious about it?
What witty comeback did you come up with, but it was way too late?
What's something that can be misunderstood easily?
What kind of work did you do before losing your job recently?
Child prodigies of Reddit, where/what are you now?
You can jump from any where and survive how will you surprise your friends?
What was the moment you realized that you were in a fucking cult?
(Wrong answer only) What's your greatest accomplishment?
What's a cliché anime moment you've witnessed in real life?
What would you do with $25k right now?
What would you do with $25k right now?
What’s a very nsfw story but told on a way it’s sfw?
YouTubers of Reddit. What are thoughts on Judge Judy?
What’s something you have to do in a very particular way, for no particular reason?
What is your stupid customer story?
What is the oddest conspiracy theory someone has genuinely tried to convince you of?
What's the best advice you can give to people still in high school?
Redditors who’ve been arrested on your wedding day, what’s your story? [Serious]
[NSFW] What is your "I almost died" story?
What's your most creative super power concept?
What are some very "Karen" names other than Karen? And what are some very "Karen" guy names?
Those you have had a post go to hot, what was the post about?
What is the biggest money grabbing good/service you've ever seen/witnessed?
What is your favorite restaurant?
Brits of Reddit, what do you think about Boris Johnson being in Intensive Care?
What you cannot buy with money?
What Reddit legends or folklaw should every Redditor know about?
What song are you singing while washing your hands?
What’s a very sweet alcoholic drink that gets someone easily drunk?
Redditors who smoked weed and drank in high school, which did you come across first?
What’s something you wouldn’t do even for money?
Fast-Food workers of Reddit, what is the dumbest question that you've been asked?
What were you doing this time last year?
Pc users of reddit what is a good pc/pc brand?
What's your favorite food?
What was/is the best thing about your youth?
Why does porn make you feel so high?
What is the most funnest thing you have ever seen on Reddit that made you laugh out loud at the same time question reality?
People who use essential oils, what do they do to make life better?
What animal you would like to become?
Plane crash survivors of reddit: What happened?
What are some reasons why cereal comes first and not milk?
How many of you out there would fuck Carole Baskin just do say you did?
What is the most meaningless way you waste money?
You left alone in to the world what would be the first thing you would snitch?
Students of Reddit, what has been your funniest interaction on Zoom (or other online meeting sites)?
[Serious] People that attend or have attended megachurches/televangelized churches like that of Kennith Copeland, why? What made you stop going?
What article/kind of clothing can't you stand wearing?
What is a conspiracy theory you believe in?
When do you enjoy life too much?
What do you like / dislike most about Animal Crossing New Horizons?
Why haven’t you achieved your goals?
What was the last thing you or someone you know was arrested for?
What did your pet do for you to realize it’s more than just an animal?
What is your "The tables have turned" story?
Whats your favorite kind of music and why?
Reddit, how do words get respelled by stereotypical accents from your region?
What’s your favorite recipe to cook?
What movie you would like to be a part of and which character?
What was the most unfortunate thing you’ve witnessed at a wedding?
The year 2020 is just one extended series of movies. What's the series called?
What do you normally do at 3 a.m.?
What’s the longest you can go without wiping if you run out of toilet paper?
What are some cringey stories about a "slip of the tongue" moment you've experienced in a public environment, such as a classroom or office?
What are some cringey stories about a "slip of the tongue" moment you've experienced in a public environment, such as a classroom or office?
What's a good concert to listen to while we're all deprived of live music?
Do you see yourself with the same partner at the end of 2020, why or why not?
What was the first instance you realized you married a "Karen" or a " Chad" etc?
Why do Americans refer to their country as “free”?
What's your fav song and why do you like it?
What's the most funny/ weird thing you've done after reaching legal age?
People whose government is not actively trying to kill them, what’s that like?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done?
People who fought back against their bullies, what were the consequences?
You had to listen to 1 song for the rest of your live what song would it be?
Bikers of reddit, why are ignoring the order to stay at home?
What are the things that boost and lower your self-esteem which are justifiable ?
What’s the most hurtful thing a parent has said to you?
Why isn't the Orange man flexing his authoritarian muscle given the perfect opportunity?
What's the coolest word you know(mines oneirataxia, the inability to distinguish fantasy from reality)?
(Serious) What is it like to be shot or stabbed?
What would you do if your reflection in the mirror won’t move like u?
What are the funniest/most interesting conversations you have purposely or accidentally eavesdroped on?
What is your most psychopathic tendency?
What was the most epic revenge on your cheating couple?
What was the worst date you had ever been on?
If you were in a coma for 20 years, what was the first thing you made?
What’s the most universally frustrating experience?
If you could travel to any point in time for five whole minutes, where would you go and why?
What sounds like the name of a small English town, but isn't?
What did the current crisis teach you about humanity/the community (good or bad) in the past few weeks?
[Serious] what’s your “ I almost got caught “ doing something I wasn’t supposed to be doing story ?
If you would have to die in 5 minutes , and you could listen to one song before death , what song would you listen to ?
What is something that comes natural to your gender that you wish came naturally to the opposite gender?
What’s the best loophole you’ve found and exploited the hell out of?
(serious) What was your last memory of a loved one that passed away?
What would be the one thing you would change it your past?
You just discovered you will be dead in 24 hours. What would you do?
People who had their life efected by drugs or know somebody who has been, what is your story?
What's your fantasy persona's catchphrase?
How can you make a movies story different by adding 2 letters in the title?
Gamers of Reddit, what are the most addicting, replayable, and time-consuming games to play?
Who is the worst celebrity you have met?
When would be the worst time to say "If you can't beat 'em join 'em"?
People of Reddit, what major chance in your attitude that no one seem to notice that was for the best of you?
What's a small moment that made you realize your greatest insecurity?
When someone is asked to stop something (tapping/clicking/chewing loudly) and they continue doing so or encouraging others to join in, what is that called and how do you stop it?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
Whats your opinion on simp meme?
What popular apps like Tik Tok and Zoom are high alert these days?
Michelin star chef with scratch ingredients versus minimum wage worker at your local taco bell with all pre-made ingredients; who makes the better 'taco bell' taco?
How are you guys handling isolation?
Who is the world's most talented piece of shit?
Glory hole frequenters, how is this impacting you?
What would be a more effective way to teach children in grade school?
What would be a more effective way to teach children in grade school?
What idiom really makes no sense?
What are your summer camp, summer school (and similar things) love stories?
What is the best place to start learning a new language?
What is the best place to start learning a new language?
What is an original idea you have, but you do not have enough money to make it?
How will a stare end in a scene if it isn’t gonna be a kiss?
Divorced people of reddit what advice do you have for Newlyweds ?
When’s a moment you’ve thought “I really don’t know what I’m doing, do I?”
Why do we like to be told stories?
How do you see the perfect guy-girl relationship?
[Serious]People who work in the film or TV industry, what did you do to be in the place you are in right now?
[Serious] People who have served prison time, what is the biggest misconception about life on the inside?
[Serious] People who have served prison time, what is the biggest misconception about life on the inside?
What Reddit communities would you use to show someome that you can find more than pics memes and GIFs in here?
What is something that you regretted not doing sooner?
People who have tattoos, what is it like to live in/travel in Asian countries?
What is the best feeling in the world?
Americans of Reddit, would you recommend moving into your state/city? Why or why not?
What Was Your Experience of Dating A Broke Person?
Significant others of Reddit, why are you a simp?
What are some personality cues you have picked up from watching someone cooking, eating, or performing everyday tasks?
How were you personally victimized while applying for unemployment on your states ancient program?
What music never fails to give you hope and a feeling that everything is not that bad?
What's the best way to remember things you've read?
What’s a recipe that tastes a lot better than it sounds?
When was the last time you did something for the first time ever?
What are some things you thought you had kept secret from your parents, but later grow up to discover the opposite?
What are your tips for making a good omelette?
Do you find yourself getting less interested in video games as you get older? Why?
What YouTuber’s personality is most like yours?
What podcasts are ones that need to be listened to?
Why are reality shows called 'reality' and not just fiction?
Which "social hack" everyone should know?
How did you know in your heart that you "made it" in life...?
What are some good tasting liquor/ alcoholic drinks to try for people who don’t love the taste of alcohol?
To those who have gone to prison, do you have any interesting stories about it?
You need to have sex with your username. What would that be like?
what was the first time you played an online game??
What CAN you become a master at overnight?
What is a fun and heartwarming TV series with girly or criminal plot worth watching?
What's the most bizarre thing you've ever done?
What makes a good friend?
With the world working from their homes, what would you recommend everyone do/get?
If you're the side character in a story, what is the most insulating thing you can and will say to the main character and why?
[Serious] What was the worst experience you had at a prison/jail?
What would you think of a relationship between a 22-year-old woman and 27-year-old man where it was the woman's first relationship?
What’s the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to you?
People who play games, what are some good recommendations?
What's something good that you've seen in the world recently?
What's a time when you were really close-minded about something, but were able to "open your eyes" and realize you were wrong?
What's the weirdest smell you have ever smelled?
Redditors in the tv industry, what goes on behind the scenes on paranormal tv shows?
Reddit of Reddit, why Reddit is Reddit Reddit?
You know everything right now and you have a chance to forget one thing from your head. What's something you'd rather not know?
Since so many people point 2016 out as the beginning, what are all the bad events that happened since then ?
Redditors who have had recent birthdays, what have you or your household done to make it special?
What skill/talent can you learn at home?
Why does being a teenager bring so much distrust?
What is something small that instantly puts you in a bad mood?
How many people have you had sex with?
Is the hype for the Firefly TV Show justified?
How do you stay optimistic about the future?
How was your day?
If gravity stopped right now what would happen to you given your current situation?
Dead people of Reddit, how is life right now?
What was the funniest thing you or someone you know has said while on anesthetics?
What do you do?
Redditors tuning in from the year 2200: looking at us human beings in our current year 2020, what do you find funny, weird or disturbing that we do?
What song is always in your head, but you hate with a passion?
If you could make everyone forget about any one celebrity's existence, who would you choose and why?
What do you hate about your life?
What is something you enjoyed doing as a child that you no longer enjoy doing?
Hey Reddit, if you were food, what would you be?
What's the best comeback, you ever told or heard?
Why are Americans so obsessed with China?
Which companies deserve more recognition for the good things they do?
What did Carole Baskin ever do to you?
Which kind of emojis do you use, the ones from the emoji keyboard or the classic text style ones?
What is the most obscure Sonic character you know of?
Short men of Reddit, how do girls react when they first find out your height?
How do we make an education system that lets gifted students fully realize their potential while also having the opportunity to socialise with peers of their intellect regardless of their family's wealth status?
What's a nice way of saying "shut up" to someone who keeps talking about something you're not interested in?
How many wall clocks does an average household has? Is it normal to have more than 2 clocks in the same room?
What's the most interesting "despite popular belief" statement?
You must prepare a meal to impress someone. You only have a microwave for cooking. What are you making?
What is the reason to live past 40?
Lawyers of Reddit who have defended a Guilty person who was told not guilty..what was it and why did you do it?
What something small and insignificant that people do, but somehow it’s wholesome and you love it (behaviors, gestures, sayings...)?
What is the most embarrassing picture, text or message you’ve ever accidentally sent to the wrong person?
What's your favorite song?
[Serious] Redditors from Italy and Spain who have lost loved ones recently - what is it like not being able to bid proper goodbyes to them?
How were you introduced to reddit?
What's the most BIZARRE thing you can think of?
What possible skill/talent do you want learn but just haven't put in the time for?
What's a non-social tool app you're glad you have on your phone?
What do you think is the best ost?
What is your good or right options story? Which one you chose?
[SERIOUS] what is the difference between the international canine association and the American Kennel Club?
If Ruth Bader Ginsburg (RBG) dueled it out with Donald Trump, who would win and why?
Why isn't it more satisfying to connect to just a few people deeply than for the myriads superficially?
[Serious] Those of you who saw it, what did you think of Louis C.K.'s new comedy special?
What is your favorite "I told You So" moment?
What is a ridiculous thing you told an old person about technology that they actually believed?
What is the worst thing that can happen to the human body?
People who answered a police "Do you know this person?" appeal, what happened?
What's something your significant other has told you that mad you extremely insecure?
What is the Event in your life that has impacted you the most? For the better or worst?
What is it like to have nothing?
Students of Reddit, How has the change to learning online effected your ability to retain and reflect on new ideas?
Parents of Reddit, what was your child's first word?
[Serious]You and a completely random person are about to fall into a volcano and only one can be saved. Why should it be you?
(Wrong Answers Only) Why did the chicken cross the road?
What do people assume about you that makes you angry or annoyed?
What’s the only way you could kill a dog?
What are antonyms of some really popular words which hardly people have an idea about ?
What is something that some Redditors do that you hate?
You have the chance to change any major historic event, what will you change and why?
Redditors which Celebrity would you like to interview and why?
You're in the Impossible Arena. Combatants from any place/time/reality can contest with each other. Which fight are you watching and who are you betting on?
What loot will you drop when you die?
What seems easy to do but is difficult once you start doing it?
How much weight have you gained this month?
Parents who bought nanny cams to watch the babysitters, what's the most wholesome thing you've seen?
You have the opportunity to make a video game you want, and it will be an astounding success, what game would it be?
Deaf people of Reddit, what's your favorite song?
Who is the meanest celebrity you've met?
What is something you wish everyone knew how to do?
What do your hands smell like right now and why?
Ladies of Reddit, what seduction tactics do you use and why?
People who have been rejected, what was the reason?
You have 2 options, first is right and second is good, which will you choose?
What is the worst thing you've ever accidentally sent to the wrong person?
What is the worst thing you've ever seen happen at a wedding?
If aliens came to our planet what do you think that they would find humanity’s weirdest habits to be that doesn’t have to do with religion and doesn’t have to do with violence?
How do you make friends as an adult?
What’s weirder? Having a body pillow of a real person or an anime character?
When a girl boots her brother (or any other boy) in the babymakers really hard for no good reason, why isn't that seen as the absolutely horrible, disgusting, potentially traumatizing thing it is? How is she better than boys who beat up and grope girls?
What YouTubers under 50k subs do you like?
Out of the 7billion+ people on earth what sentence do you think has never been said?
Why does a car speedo show higher speeds than we areallowed to drive?
What book has helped you the most in your life?
What's a mental note you made one day and still prioritize?
Brits of Reddit, what’s your take on this BoJo situation?
When's the last time you pooped your pants?
Parents of Reddit, if given a chance, would you go back to not having children? Why or why not?
How similar is your adult personality to how you were as a child? If the changes are really big, why do you think they happened beyond just your brain maturing?
What is the best way to gain karma?
How to make a gif meme?
[Serious] What is something that happen that you still can't believe to this day?
Jews of reddit, what's the best matzo brand?
What is your most memorable game of truth or dare?
People with no children, would you like to have children? Why or why not?
Which is your go-to snack?
What follow-up comment totally made your day?
What Do you Dislike About Life?
What's the funniest/most extra way of coming out of the closet?
Girls (or gay guys), whats and instant turn of from a guy?
So what is your creepy story?
What's the difference between socialism and communism?
What is the worst thing you can do to someone with a single vitamin gummy?
People of reddit, have you had a partner with a weird fetish? If so, what?
You're playing truth or dare with Donald Trump. He chooses dare. What do you ask him to do?
What’s your home alone horror story?
How would you make a Canadian bittersweet?
Aliens of Reddit, what’s your opinion on the human race?
People who believe in trickle down economics, when will the wealth start trickling down?
You wake up on Earth in the future. The people want to know about the past. What do you tell them?
What’s something that kids don’t know about these days that they should ?
What was it like the first time you got high?
Why are you NOT submitting to the 2020 sensus?
To redditors who have not read Harry Potter: what the heck is your problem?
how do you get your subreddit to grow bigger?
There are so many subreddits for different unique groups, but what's something that needs a subreddit?
People who have given into peer pressure, what is the most outrageous thing you have done to gain your peer's approval?
Pornstars/former pornstars of reddit. Having sex on camera is/was your job. Did you ever enjoy it? If so, how/what were the circumstances?
If you were able to time travel where would you go? Why?
Restaurant critics of Reddit, what was the worst restaurant you have been to and how was the experience?
If life had a DLC, what are some of the things that would come with it?
[NSFW] What is the worst sex tip or piece of sex advice that you have ever heard?
How many times has the Sims 4 been downloaded in the past month?
What are some mind blowing facts about the country you live in?
Due to the recent events, it is a possibility that some of us might not survive. In that case what secret would you like to share which you think should not go unheard?
If you could throw money at something, anything, what would it be?
Dear redditors, what are your best “karma is a bitch” stories?
pilots of reddit, how was your first flight?
Hospital higher-ups of reddit, why are healthcare workers being laid off right now?
People who like TikTok: what is wrong with your brain?
5 items to survive the apocalypse...what are yours?
how does one purchase orange box for xbox one?
How is Brazil's president, jair bolsonaro, perceived in your country?
What's your favorite quote from a book?
Assuming it’s available in your area, why aren’t you ordering your groceries to be delivered?
If everyone in the world could see any information about a person they wanted at any given time, except social security numbers and passwords/codes, how different would the world behave?
Rare species of productive Redditors, how are you keeping yourselves productive when you work from home?
What’s the most akward/sad moment that maid you laugh for no reason?
If you could completely erase a computergame, book or movie from your memory, what would you want to re-experience for the first time again?
What is your earliest memory as a child?
Whats the most polite way to say fuck off to someone?
(Serious) People who read the bible, how did Jesus really die, in chapter it said he was hanged but in the another he was crucified? Also, since Jesus was allegedly a carpenter, why aren't his works on display, or were saved?
What is the longest you've gone without fapping/having sex?
What new things have you found out about yourself?
What is the smartest thing you've seen somebody do?
What's the shadiest thing someone tried to sneak into a contract?
If you could master any skill in the next 10 years, what would it be and why?
What can't you tell the difference of?
What's the most badass thing you have ever done?
How often do you wash your pillows?
Where can someone buy hard liquor now in Pennsylvania?
What is one thing that most adults can do that you can't do?
What's the most useful thing you ever learned at summer camp?
What’s your favourite Oscar winning performance?
Gun owners of reddit what is your favorite gun and caliber, and why?
When did a bullied kid fight back and what happened?
What was the wierdest friendship you had?
What is one thing you want but can't afford?
Gamers of reddit, which game do you want to have a Tv show/movie on it?
What would be a good movie plot REASON for why governments banded together to release a plague on the entire world to make most people stay at home for months?
when is murder justified? there are a lot of people who might kill someone for retribution (think dahmer's death). when would u say that someone who committed a criminal act was justified in their behavior? how do u believe police should go about addressing these ppl?
How could one cope with the overwhelming loneliness during this troubled time?
What is extremely valuable to offer to society?
What is your goal for now?
How to deal with injured wild animal in your backyard?
If an average person from 2015 were to be warped to today's time, what would they be most confused/excited/upset by?
When was the moment you have realized that the person you love was insane?
If you woke up on Opposite Day, where are you and who would you be?
If you were taking bets from friends on when this situation will end, when would you guess that would be?
What is another great analogy for B.B.C?
What news source, big or small, is the most unbiased?
What secret conspiracy would you like to start?
Who was the craziest person you’ve dated and why?
What did Obamacare do? Did it help America?
What have you spent too much time doing in your life?
Reddit, what have you been doing in the last past hour of your life?
(NSFW) What is it like in a bathhouse?
What are the benefits to being locked down?
past drug dealers of reddit what made you stop dealing? how much did you charge? was it depending on what drug you were selling?
What was the turning point in your life that led to sustained happiness?
What will be the next big game/cartoon movie (for example : sonic movie)?
Anyone else considering a career/life change when this is over?
What's the fun in using seemingly childish terminology: fender-bender, mumbo-jumbo and the like instead of their more serious names?
Any first time gun buyers out here? What did you buy?
How would you live your last day on earth (no specific age)?
What is your favorite song?
What is a highly debated topic in your field?
People of Reddit, what is an unusual fact that you know?
Redditors who have been in a Coma, what was it like ?
Users or Reddit what was the most embarrassing thing someone caught you on camera doing and won’t stop bugging u about?
Why does the temperature of water affect its taste?
The human body breathes on it’s own until we remember to breath and then we have to do it manually, why do you think that is?
What person in your life are you most jealous of and why?
Who is a musical group/ artist who was/is amazing but remains unheard of?
It is understood that car companies have manufacturing plants that must be gigantic, but why does it seem like they are on the front lines of making ventilators during this crisis? What is the correlation?
What is something that got ruined by its popularity?
What is the best moment that’s happened in your online school so far?
What is your least favorite movie? Why?
How come the thousands of satalite in the orbit doesn't crash into each other?
What random act of kindness did you experience that restored your faith in humanity?
What is the best VR equipment to buy for Half Life Alyx?
What do you think has happened to Rudy Giuliani in the past two months since we've last heard from him?
Outside of your own, which is your favourite country and why?
What personal possession have you owned for the longest time?
Why is YouTube so much better than TikTok?
What makes you incredibly homesick?
If this is it....how would you rate it?
What is the importance of clarifying a text?
What techniques do you use to not feel bored from reading ?
What hobbies are keeping you sane right now?
Redditors who have been rejected by their first love, how did you cope and what happened next?
Why does your crush not like you?
What is a story you would happily tell a bunch of strangers on the internet, but would not dare tell your mother?
When you wake up tomorrow you will find yourself in the world of Game of Thrones. With all the knowledge you took with you from our modern world, how do you plan to take the Iron Throne ?
People who refuse to get anything to the homeless, why?
What are they so afraid of?
What is the best thing about adulthood?
Reddit, have you ever been fired from a job before it started? What’s your story?
What is the mature and professional thing to do?
What messed up America’s healthcare system?
If you could go back and do/change one thing in the last 1000 years, what would it be and why?
Humanity has united, and you've been put in charge of designing our new uniforms. What are we all wearing to work for the rest of our lives?
What do you do to make your daily life more movie like?
What movie messed you up for life? Why?
Where does the blood go in the morning for women ?
Why do you follow people who don’t follow you? (Serious)
How was your most disturbing nightmare?
Which profession would you choose if you could choose one today?
What's your biggest "I take it back" moment?
What do you hate about your life?
How do you feel about dying?
What do you think of people that say they have a musical degree?
What do you do when you feel empty and cold inside?
Dear all Big Chungus fans, those of you honored to see a Big Chungus, How large was it on a measurable scale?
If you could ask anyone in the world, dead or alive, fiction or nonfiction, one question, who would it be? And what would you ask them?
If there was any movie you could live in, what movie would it be and why?
Customer service workers of Reddit, what is one way you secretly insult an unruly customer to their face?
What makes you datable?
What is a major turn off?
Reddit introverts, how did you get a partner?
What could you crush with your bear hands?
putting your phone,pc and internet a side .what would be the three things you can not bail out?
What’s motivating you right now?
Cereal killers of Reddit, what type and how many boxes do you think you murdered during this interesting time?
What’s the biggest fuck-up you’ve ever had that somehow went unnoticed?
If there is one piece of advice about internet you’d give to a person who doesn’t know internet, what would it be?
What are the Reddit subs with the highest karma requirements?
People of Reddit who are quarantining with a new boyfriend/girlfriend: how’s it going so far?
Was there ever a time where you unsubscribed from a YouTuber? If so, why?
What's something that isn't edible but you would eat?
If your significant other was on The Bachelor or The Bachelorette, what kind of group date competitions would they put together based on their personality?
Homicide workers of reddit what is a case that you will never forget?
Which game/ movie is worse than reality right now?
What is the oddest situation you’ve been in?
Blind people of Reddit, What is your favorite mode? Dark mode or light mode?
What’s the last thing you want to see right before you die?
Time to vent! What’s something you want to vent about?
Who do you think wouldn’t have been successful without the use of drugs, recreational or not?
If you could transform into a single animal at will for the rest of your life, what animal do you choose?
How precisely do you line up the corners and edges before folding a paper?
Non-Virgins of Reddit what was your first time like?
How to explain someone what reddit is?
People of Reddit who was in an accident/ went to war etc and lost a body part or was paralysed how did / how are you copping with it? (NSFW)
The world is now like your favorite sci-fi/futuristic movie, book or game, what's your outfit?
What did you learn today?
(Wrong answers only) how to get a girlfriend?
What if frabreeze was really acid?
You are the next piece of the puzzle in human evolution. What are you passing down to subsequent generations?
Which fictional food have you always wanted to taste?
[Serious] What are some famous Urban Legends you like?
People who "experimented" in college. Do you think you would try it again or was it a one and done type of deal for you?
If you could send one text to everyone in the world right now, what would it be?
Thoughts and prayers people: how you you actually do it? Is it like a separate bit of the prayer you specifically ask for it in? Or more like you are thinking of then when praying?
What’s your favorite thing to do high?
Redditors, what are the nicest and kindest moments you have ever faced or experienced yourself?
People of reddit. What was the most crazy thing you did when you were horny?
Whats on your mind ?
What skills do you have that will be useful someday, but that you haven't yet applied?
You've learnt that tomorrow you are about to grow twice your size. Would you want to grow 2X bigger or 2X smaller and why?
Clicking on search results in Google the last few months. What's the deal with them redirecting to what appears to be a pre-paid ad site and not the page that's actually clicked? It doesn't happen ALL the time, but after every 7-10 searches or so. Anyone else seeing this?
Superiors of Reddit, what was something that you instantly regret when it came to a subordinate?
Which department is the Florida of your college / workplace?
[Serious] Since many of us are stuck at home for the foreseeable future, Redditors who have lived in haunted houses, what is your creepiest paranormal experience?
What is the funniest name?
If one year ago you could see todays stock market and unemployment claims, what would you assume happened to cause the downfall?
What's the worst way someone can spend $5 ?
Where can you sell an engagement ring and not get completely undervalued and taken advantage of?
Cashiers of Reddit, when was the last time you had a “Sir, this is a ...” moment?
If your spouse/significant other had a super power, what would it be?
Why or why not would/wouldn’t you support your girl/boyfriend if they wanted to start a naughty patreon/onlyfans etc?
What's a phrase people use before saying something they probably shouldn't?
What are people most hypocritical about?
Okay, you’re an amateur thief. You have broken into someone’s house. What do you take to slightly inconvenience them?
If you were a director of any movie or your own, how would you make the most mind-breaking plot twist in movie history?
what is something you can think of that makes you cry?
Introverts &amp; Extroverts of Reddit: How is social isolation affecting you? Loving it or hating it?
People of Reddit, what's your best "that's not what it looks like" moment?
What is the coolest animal fact that you know?
What's the longest sentence you can write?
What would be your strategy for surviving in a battle royale in a Ikea store?
for those of you who've ever ditched school, what was the craziest/most fun thing you did?
Boris Johnson dies and is replaced by Dr. Who (as portrayed by Matt Smith). How does life in the UK change?
If you could throw a rock at anyone in history who would it be?
What’s a habit that you quit and how did you finally quit it?
What's something you regret not doing sooner?
What are fun ways to surprise your partner for their birthday during these times?
If a pill existed that could make you feel happy with one single dosage for a certain amount of time, would you take it? Why or why not?
What youtube channels are underrated?
What is the biggest lie you've ever been told that you'll never forget?
What volunteer work is in need right now?
What are some games you played as a kid that no one else seems to remember?
What smells awful but tastes amazing?
What things did you or your partner do to annoy each other?
People who have converted an anti-vaxxer, how did you do it?
What would the earth be like if humans weren't here?
Many secret operations performed by the government have been revealed to the public a few years later. What do you hope/think will be declassified next?
How you would explain Tiger King to someone who hasn’t seen it without spoiling it?
What is one thing someone could do that would instantly make you happier?
What is the weirdest or most niche conspiracy theory you know?
What would you do if an opposite gender clone of you appeared beside you in bed?
Whats an app on your phone that you rarely use?
Workers of Reddit: what do you hate about your job?
What are some things or instances which are over glorified in the past as being better during that time rather than now, but are actually much better in the present?
You wake up one hundred years in the past, what do you tell someone about the future that would seem crazy to them?
What's the highest note you can sing in?
How come on the show Rugrats, nobody notices/questions why Tommy has a screwdriver in his diaper?
How did you overcome depression?
How are we not dead?
What is something every person should know?
What's something everyone else forgot about that you remember?
What would you like to try sexually that you haven’t tried before?
You are given $1 Billion and are forced to spend all of it by the end of tomorrow or you lose the money and everything you bought. What will you buy?
What is the most annoying thing your parents do?
What is a combination of food that you enjoy eating that others find strange or disgusting ?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve ever masturbated?
Why do igloos have the iconic brick dome design, why spend time to make a curved snow brick if you're about to freeze to death?
If you used a pair of tweezers to pluck every hair from your body, how long would it take to get every hair?
You wake up on another planet that has many alien civilisations on it, what do you do first?
What's a myth everyone believes but is otherwise?
What are gonna be PornHub’s top categories in 2020’s Year in Review?
Escape Room employees, what are some of your funniest/most ridiculous stories?
What's your emotional breakdown album?
If you were listening to an ER and flight nurse answer questions relating to current events, what questions would you want answered?
What is your best "I can smell the color 9" moment?
What's something that you like, but you just remembered you originally pretended to like it because your ex was into it?
In which way do you think animals are being profit from living in zoo, safari, apartments etc. which way they aren't?
What was the worst experience you had in a disko?
Has your boss ever asked you to lie for them or to take the fall? What happened?
Apart from the current-19 situation, what are the events that have defined the 2019-2020 period in the world?
Everyone in the world switches positions with another person in the world... what’s the worst case scenario someone could be in?
Which animal has the weirdest butthole?
What did you learn today?
What makes you happy knowing that it simply exists?
When someone says "Hipster", what do you think of?
What modifications are you doing to your car in anticipation to the coming apocalypse?
What was the worst time for your parents to walk into your room?
Pharmacists of reddit, what are your weirdest/funniest stories?
Business executives of Reddit, what is some advice you’d like to give young professionals?
What’s something you enjoy that’s embarrassing?
If you could be any other living creature/thing for 1 hour, what would you choose and why?
If you could create your own minecraft dimension how would you name it and what would be in it?
Medical Professionals, what joke could you tell, that nobody else would understand (please explain the joke)?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve seen happen while using Zoom?
Redditors of America who have had to file for unemployment or SBA loans: what has your experience been like?
What do you hate most about your life?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the worst trauma injury you have treated?
what if all the yoastSEO Score of website's posts are great, still no traffic at all... then what's the solution? Is yoastSEO does not work anymore?
What Have You Learned About Yourself From Being Home All Day?
How many miles of penis are on earth?
What’s a non-obvious sexual no-no?
Should countries start forcing parents to have their children vaccinated against measles etc regardless of their anti vax beliefs? Why/why not?
What is the trick on how to make oatmeal not taste like shit?
What happened when you sent a nude pic or sexting message to the wrong person?
How do you act if you are holding a conversation with somebody having a big visible booger in their nose?
What was the most interesting thing that happened to you in highschool?
What was the moment you realised your friend was toxic?
Former prison inmates who were falsely accused, what is your story?
What is your favorite stand up comedy album?
If you woke up in 2050, what would you search first?
What is the most irritating thing someone has said to you?
Reddit, what is an “internet slang” word you CANNOT stand?
What's the tagline of your life?
How are you doing at this point while at home?
Redditors of Europe, what country would be considered as the “Florida” of Europe?
What's a turn-off for you that's normally considered as a turn-on?
Pet owners of reddit, what is a story that you’d like to share about your pet?
What is the difference between a good meal and a great meal?
Gabe Newell becomes the US president, whats the first thing he will do as the US president?
What is something positive that’s going on in your life right now?
What are some good free Comedy Specials on Youtube or any other platform?
Too Much of Anything Isn't Good... Except for What?
What’s the most difficult food we’re expected to eat using a knife and fork?
What’s the most gruesome story from your work or school?
What real-life event deserves a porn parody?
People who dislike videos/posts for no reason, why?
Janitors and Custodians of Reddit what is your favorite story that you have heard or been apart of?
What's something you did that you can't admit because it's so stupid?
What cringy story do your parents tell your whole family?
What jobs actually make the world a better place?
People who don’t cover their mouths when they sneeze, why?
How did you successfully slide into someone’s dm’s?
What are you planning on doing while this is all over? New hobby?
What is something you never understood as a child and continue to not understand into adulthood?
What's the biggest animal that you could kill with your bare hands?
Whats the most immoral thing you've ever done and guilted about later?
What are some fancy words that make you sound way smarter than you actually are?
For those that have been branded, what did you get and how was the pain?
How is it possible only arabs and boomers drive big cars?
What cringy story do your parents tell our whole family?
It's a common census that "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Former/reformed cheaters of Reddit, how did you make the change that is strongly believed to be impossible?
What's an entertaining short story about literally anything that you'd be willing to share?
What are the best alternatives to toilet paper in an apocalypse situation?
What are the best alternatives to toilet paper in an apocalypse situation?
Brits of reddit how do you enjoy your afternoon tea?
What is that embarrassing song that you love but never tell anyone?
People who have actually had to truly isolate, how do you feel about us dumb americans acting like were so isolated and dehumanized right now as we continue going almost everywhere and doing everything?
How Much Weight Have You Gained Since Being Stuck Inside?
What was a really popular trend that nobody remembers?
Redditors with big families, how many people are you stuck with at home?
What are your thoughts on Namibia?
What do you genuinely believe you're best at?
What can be a good pocket friendly gift for a female friend?
Which part of the disaster movie are we currently living?
Why are you gay ?
Redditors with younger siblings, what is the worst/weirdest insult they have said to you?
What’s the maximum amount of money that one person can enjoy in one moment?
Why is reddit so left wing?
Who was the worst B-list “celebrity” you have had an interaction with, and what happened?
Why do movies/series (like big bang theory, rick and morty, scrubs, etc.) often make light of it that some girls boot their brothers (or any other boy) in the babymakers really hard for no good reason growing up? How is that FUNNY, or easily forgivable, or no big deal?
Parents of Reddit, what embarrassing stories are you saving up for your kid's future boyfriends/girlfriends?
Don't want a roast but whats a good meal for a family of five and chicken?
Pet owners of Reddit, What did your pet do that genuinely scared you?
Writers of Buzzfeed, what sort of askreddit questions would you like to see for your future articles of stolen reddit comments?
What are some fun,useful skills to learn in your free time?
If you had to choose one video game mechanic to have in real life what would it be?
What do you think about quiet people?
What cliché horror movie scene did you experience in real life?
Why do American colleges care so much about reputation and rank compared to European universities?
When would be the worst time to have a nosebleed?
Why do high school teachers have affairs with students?
Why does "The Terminator" seem to always be on tv?
What is the most productive thing you can do with just your laptop?
If you could go back in time but had no choice where you end up would you take the risk?
What tv show character would you marry? Which one would you be friends with? And which one would you kill and why ?
If you had to eat 1 thing for the rest of your life what would you eat?
You suddenly wake up in 69 C.E. What’s the first thing you do?
People who’ve had crushes on married people... what’s it like?
[Serious] As someone from outside of the USA, the presumptive Democratic candidate for president of the United States of America seems to be non existent in our news at the moment. What has he been up to over the last couple of months?
What is the most vulnerable/intimate moment you’ve shared with a partner?
What's first thing you'll do or first place you'll go after you can finally get out of the house?
Retail workers of reddit, What crappy customer made you lose your job?
What’s the best questions to ask in a game of paranoia (if you don’t know the game search it up, it’s really fun to play)?
What's your story of legal documents that don't match? Explained below!?
If you saw the recent jobless graph a year ago, what would you assume happened in 2020?
Which was the celebrity’s death that affected you the most ?
What are some songs that always put you in an energetic mood?
PS4 gamers: what games can you play multiplayer without buying PSN?
What's the perfect ratio of milk to chocolate for perfect chocolate milk?
To those who have eaten fast food or takeout/delivery since the start of this madness, what are your opinions on quality of food etc. compared to the same prior whether quality of food or experience?
What’s the most epic thing you’ve done?
What’s the most useful advice you’ve ever received?
What was the last situation that "stunned" you?
At what age did you stop playing with toys? And what was the reason?
We are buying our first family home (30 years old). It has a fireplace for an open fire in the sitting room. What are people’s opinions on whether we should keep it or remove it and if we should remove it, how/why?
How screwed would you be if everyone in your family could see every single post/comment you’ve ever made on all of your accounts across all platforms and websites?
When was the last time you “beat the meat”?
If in modern life you could be equipped with a video game gang (archer, sage, etc.), what professions would you pick?
If you had two personalities, what would their names be and how would they act?
People who are missing a front tooth...What happened and do you like the look?
Where do you think 2020 ranks among the most significant years of the 21st century?
How would you feel if the whole world became an anarchy?
Death penalty opponents, what kinds of crimes are so heinous you'd make an exception for them?
What would be different in the world if the healthy food was the stuff that tasted good?
What is the female equivalent of beards(something that naturally makes you attractive)?
Where is your happy place?
What do you think about boomers using all the resources?
After You Survive The Apocalypse, What Will Your Job Be?
What’s a chore you actually enjoy?
What is the best/worst thing that can permanently affect you because of the 2020 events?
[Serious] People who oppose the forms of triage currently in place (e.g. priority for those more likely to recover in ICU units), how would you do it differently?
First AskReddit Post! What quirky things have you been doing to keep your mind stimulated, while at home?
What do you think it's like to not have a consciousness?
Boys of reddit how do you feel about your girlfriend getting a massage from a pro? Or just crush. And you seeing it all?
Black guys: why must your car make a loud boom sound? Do you think you're gangsta?
Where to download sims 3 or 4-PC- without torrent?
What is your opinion on clothing firms potentially including branded face masks in their general offerings?
Trump supporters of Reddit, what’s one fact you can use to justify your support of him?
Have you been selected for jury service? If so, how was it?
Which trade in the music-business would be the perfect fit?
What's one thing you can't say to a friend you love?
What song best represents ur life right now?
People who are scared of flying. Why are you so scared of flying but fine with driving (assuming you’re not scared of driving) even though driving is much more dangerous?
What was the kindest thing you did?
When did a mistake you made save your life?
You have been given the power to become a character from any animated movie, take their place, and play their role in that movie. Which character would you choose from what movie and what would you do different?
Why are anti-vaxxers so fucking stupid?
How do you wipe when you get too chubby to reach properly?
What can someone get for free that they couldn’t get for free before?
What do you love most about your job?
What is the most valuable thing you can get with $1?
Time for Reddit Spring Cleaning. What are two or more subs that are so similar they can be consolidated into one?
Who should decide, what is right and what is wrong and why?
What is the saddest videogame ending you have seen?
If you could have three things (stores, parks, and such) in walking distance from where you live, what would you pick?
What is one thing that you actually love about yourself that nobody can take away from you?
Is it more comfortable to share your problems/express your feelings to your family? Or your friends? Why?
What would you do for a klondike bar?
If you were a youtuber what kind of videos would you post and what would you name your channel?
What was your WORST injury? How did you get it?
What is something u instantly regret doing?
What are you supposed to be doing but avoiding by browsing reddit?
When did you take a bullet for someone?
In the last few weeks there had been sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFO) around the world, what do you think is happening?
You are now a mage in fairytail what magic will you learn ?
What is the most addicting mobile game keeping you busy during these trying times?
What's your "did I really just say that" moment?
What’s one thing that you could really do with right now?
What do you hate but still keep on doing?
If the sitting President were to pass away after securing their parties nomination, what would happen come election time? For instance, Donald Trump has secured the Republican nomination. If he passed away, what would happen? Would Pence step in and automatically be on the ticket?
What’s something that’s got less important as you’ve got older?
What has been the scariest paranormal moment you've seen in real life?
What do you do if you are really kinky but your SO's only kink is kink shaming?
You suddenly wake up in 400 B.C. what do you do first?
[Serious] What TV series has actually changed your direction in life?
You have become your favorite animal what will you do now?
Which twitch emote describes you in bed?
Adult chat invites on Reddit. Why?
When are we getting stimulus checks?
People who have gotten into another person car by accident, what happened after?
How do you say no to someone without hurting their feelings?
How bored are you?
What is the thing that makes you lose interest in a person?
What’s a simple piece of advice that goes a long way?
What do the Amish think is going on right now?
You meet a Karen who is harassing you what will you do ?
What would happen if all microtransactions were free?
You find out your wife has cheated on you with a dog. An actual dog. The family Rottweiler to be exact. She says it was a one time mistake and wants you to forgive her. What will it take?
Redditors confined to home, how has your daily routine changed (i.e. clothes, food, bathing, hygiene, etc)?
What was your worst experience as a teenager?
Redditors who have met, talked to, or encountered famous people off camera, what were they like?
What's the oddest/craziest thing you've seen since all of this began ?
What’s the nicest thing someone did for you?
What was your "I was the only one that got off Scott free" story?
What movie name would best decribe your usual weekend?
What is the most surprising thing that has ever happened to you?
Lots of people are bored right now, what are your funny stories to keep people entertained?
Imagine you're on top of a high skyscraper and you have the world's most delicious burrito, made to order, if you eat it nothing happens except for a happy belly but if you throw it off the skyscraper you earn 5 more years to your life. What would you do?
People of Reddit, why?
Like where did it from you know what you were how much is it to say?
What would you do if a zombie apocalypse starts in 60 seconds?
What if Aliens did the great flood, so they could convince a guy to gather many animals, so they can take them back to their planet and have new species?
All the world leaders get put into a hunger games arena, who would win and who would die first? What alliances would be seen? Who would kill who?
How did you find out santa wasn't real as a kid?
People who choose the rude dialogue in video games, why?
What is the perfect name?
What's the most fun you've had in a party?
You wake up and you're a machine. What machine is it?
What is the phrase that you would want your life to be summed up with?
What company did you have the absolute worst experience with?
What are some good apps for motivation?
What are some unexpected advantages of having small hands?
What is something you want to try but will never have the opportunity to do?
Trump voters who are sick, do you regret your vote/will you vote for him again?
People who repair computers, what are some funny/interesting things you found on them?
[SERIOUS] What are some creepiest/disturbing things happened on reddit or on any other forum?
What was been you worst meal in you life?
Which is the best broship in all of media (Series, Movie,Games,Anime,Cartoons...) and why ?
(I’m a little late) what was the best April fools prank you ever pulled off?
Have you ever felt happy when someone you know dies?
(Wrong answers only) what’s TikTok?
What is a meme that doesn't exist yet?
What’s your please-let-this-night-end story?
[Serious] What happens if Boris Johnson dies?
What is your fantasy persona?
What is the biggest case of “Blue Balls” you have ever had? NSFW
what is something you like but your entire family hates?
If colors were suddenly a group of people, how would you describe each color's appearance and personality?
What is the dumbest idea that gave you money?
2020 had been pretty rough so far, what is your best roast so that 2020 can have a little taste of it’s own medicine?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen?
How in God's name is Carrot Top worth $75 million?
[Serious] People a who've experienced or witnessed something supernatural, what is your story?
What movie was so bad that not even the talented actors could save it? Why?
What’s one thing you don’t understand about America?
What's a food that everyone eats (and likes) but you absolutely hate?
What "villain redemption story" do you still believe is bullshit to this day?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Which subreddit are you sad has declined in popularity?
What did you do that generally people don't do and really recommend that they do?
Whats the most creepy thing a teacher have told you?
Vine Vs Tik tok! Who wins and why?
Why are males here bunch skinnyfat soyboys who pretend to have depression?
What’s the most disturbing thing that’s happened to you while using public transport?
What are some pains that are sweet?
If you could have a conversation with anyone in the world right now (who is currently alive), who would it be and what would you say to them?
What habit do you have that is typically characteristic of someone who belongs to a different age group than yours?
How the next 50 years are going to be like, by your point of view?
If you saw a weekly unemployment graph from the future, and it suddenly spiked down to zero unemployed that week, what would your guess be of what happened?
What was the best moment in your life?
What type of animal would you love to be able to talk to?
What is the strangest slang for an everyday word you’ve ever heard?
When did someone copy/steal your work and they got all the credit?
What is the worst thing a friend or family member has done to you?
You have 1 hour left to live. What do you do?
What is your opinion about sex?
What is the craziest thing to ever happen to you on a date?
People that work in hospitals, what is your situation and what can others do to help you?
How do you remove a broken headphone Jack from your phone?
Does facial hair ever impact the importance of facial expression when using ASL?
What are some underrated, lesser known, or overlooked gems on the nintendo switch?
What transpired to make your once good friend your enemy?
What was your first anime?
What is a sub $100 purchase that has brought you a lot of joy?
How long to Owen cook sausages?
Girls of Reddit, How many times do you fake an orgasm in your lifetime ?
What is something you enjoy now that you never would've anticipated yourself enjoying 10 years ago?
You're trapped in a movie, replace the protagonist and must finish the plot to escape. How will you go about it?
You are allowed to create one law that the current leader of your country can’t change, what law do you create and why?
How do you get rid of jealousy from success of others?
What is the maximum amount of refills you can have in a bowl of cereal without replacing the milk?
Why do you are have stupid?
[Serious] Looking forward to buy a new laptop for (Financial Programs, Bookkeeping, Gaming). What brand or models do you recommend to buy?
What person started of as great but turned out to be a really terrible person?
(NSFW) Penis owners of reddit, how did you react to your first wet dream?
What are some comments on Reddit you have seen that could be interpreted very wrongly?
What piece of book, movie or show started out good but just ruined the ending?
[Serious] How has Wyatt Cheng not been fired yet?
What do you think of the idea that there should be a single one-world government?
Who did you meet that changed your perception of humanity?
What would you do if you lived one day over and over again. Like the movie “Groundhog Day”?
Whats your opinion about Star Trek?
Ex-Prisoners of Reddit, what happens when you drop the soap?
People who have troubles to identifie faces and can’t recognize persons if they meet them out of their usual social circle, how do you deal with?
You wake up in 2030, the official language is Pig Latin and you're very horny. What would your pick up line be to the first person you thought was attractive?
If remote working became the new norm, what would stop you from relocating to a lower cost of living location?
If you made an anime, what would it be about?
If the laws of physics just became that of a Looney Toons cartoon what is the first thing you would attempt?
People who've had a dog runaway, how long did it take you to get over it?
[Serious] soldiers of Reddit, what experiences did you have that would make you recommend someone to join, or not join the military?
How shocking would it be to your mother if you brought home an attractive 8/10 female?
It's may 2020, aliens are proven to be living amongst us. They really enjoy fucking with humans and making life mildly infuriating. Who do you immediately expect is an alien?
People with nice feet, what's your routine to keep them soft and smooth?
What piece of media is forever (or nearly) lost, never got a rerelease and is inaccesible today?
People who have aged well, what is the worst side effect of it?
People who are also born in 1989, where are you at in life after your first 30 years?
What makes a man seem like a boy, and a woman seem like a girl?
What do you miss most from your childhood ?
Who was that ONE guy at your work/school?
What is your partner's favorite perfume/cologne or "signature scent" and how do you feel about it?
What do you think is the meaning of life and our purpose on earth?
A few years ago, there was a big fuzz that water is running out, now they warn about water increasing... What's happening?
What's the worst thing someone has said to you in regards to yourself?
What's an easy pill to swallow?
Which book are you reading this week?
What's the equivalent for you're/your in your language?
What would u do if u had two choices, either you kill your love of your life or your parents?
How many of you are fitness trainer here in this subreddit?
What can we do to help the world heal?
What would you be doing for the next week if you heard it would be your last one?
People who have been in comas: what is it like? Do you perceive any passing of time? How do you feel when you wake up? [Serious]
What is your favourite dog breed?
Geeks of Reddit what do you think about Robert Pattinson playing batman?
What's the worst case of brainwashing you have ever seen?
What emotions that you experience do you constantly invalidate? Why?
Why do exes can't be friends with each other ?
What is your nickname? Why?
What foods taste better or save you money when made at home rather than buying premade?
What is the ugliest thing you have ever seen?
What are some of the most disturbing things you have heard people eat?
What’s the most fucked up thing you’ve seen on Reddit?
Why 120000 are online and only 12 answer questions?
What is your most embarrassing shopping story?
What song lyric have you been singing wrong and only knew it when someone else pointed it out?
Users of reddit, what's that random little thing that makes you happy?
What are some stereotypes from your state/province/territory that you think is untrue?
They now announce that people who are proven guilty of rape or murder are now to be executed by hanging, would you support this, why or why not?
Which T.V. show had the greatest unrealized potential?
what is the best compliment to receive either in general or about you specifically?
What’s your irrational fear you had as a child that you now realize is no longer relevant as an adult?
How to stop notification from samsung accessory service?
Methheads/Crackheads of reddit, what are your theories/opinions on the universe?
What are you doing today that will give you energy tomorrow?
What won't last til the end of this year?
Redditors who have/had terrible father figures, what happened and how did you deal with it?
Which country is handling the current crisis in the best possible manner?
If your own personal life had a save point like a game, what date would you want to go back to and why?
What's at the top of your bucket list?
What does the cia do?
What school class was your least favorite and why?
There is a world wide culling to determine who lives and who dies. There is one question asked to every individual. What question will ensure that only the best of humanity remain?
What movie title describes your life?
What is the worst thing a guest has done at your house?
What are some Easter escape room ideas y’all have?
What are the best workouts to do that help you lose weight?
What are some things that help motivate you to study?
People who eat food, why?
What food or beverage has changed its recipe in your lifetime? Did it make the flavor better or worse?
What is the ultimate reason for happiness?
What are some opinions you have deep down that you know everyone hates?
What is the most epic thing anyone has ever done?
If you had to give only one advice to your children, what would it be?
What are people with posts in hot doing with their inbox if they have thousands of comments on their post?
Former pro wrestling fans of Reddit, when or how did your fandom end?
What is the dumbest life hack you’ve seen that actually works?
What’s the biggest deal breaker for you?
When you ask a question in this subreddit, do you secretly hope someone will ask your question back to you?
Why do you think that basic income is the future and what will it be like?
How did you end up getting the last laugh?
People who work at a store, is it suspicious when someone leaves without buying anything?
If Andy's toys were ever recycled and the plastic were reused to create new objects, what would happen to their souls/conscious selves?
Say you are the dictator of your country but you are only allowed to create one law, what would it be?
What comes to your mind when you hear about ''India'?
You can choose how and when you die how and when will you do it?
Who is the biggest crook globally?
What music makes you happy?
What is the civil intelligence agency?
What is a lot more common than most people think?
People who work as a barista, what makes you enjoy your job?
A man from the future comes and tells you that the unemployment rate in the US in 2025 is at 30%. What happened?
House cleaners what is the most disgusting/disturbing thing you’ve encountered?
Stacys or Stacies of Reddit, what are some stories or general thoughts involving the song 'Stacy's Mom' from Fountains of Wayne?
What is your domestic life goal?
How's your patience these days with all that's going on ?
[Serious] Why think Queen Elizabeth holds no Power when she dissolved Australian Government 1975?
If the world was ending, what song would you listen to as it happened?
What is your best example of someone being very professional while you had an embarrassing moment in front of them?
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
People of Reddit who have walked into a thread only to find people speaking about you specifically, what was your reaction?
Which is your favourite subreddit?
What do you miss most about being at on-campus college/work?
Right now so much free content, apps and services are out there, whats the future of all this?
Which season from which anime was your favourite?
How much trump would a Donald trump trump if a Donald trump could trump donald?
Wives of reddit, what is the most adorable thing your spouse does?
What's the most favorite scene from any movie that changed your life?
If life was a videogame, what would be considered illegal cheats to reality?
Who is post malone?
Supposing a woman in her 30s time travelled to the year she was 10, and had sex with someone, would that make the man a pedophile? What would be the legal ramifications?
What common sense rules do you see people break often?
People of reddit who have been on trial for a crime you didn’t commit. What’s your story? What was the outcome?
How do you like to use reddit?
Hey, if Boris Johnson dies while he’s still the Prime Minister what would happen? Would there be another general election (Like when people quit/resign) or will the next Conservatives member step up?
What is the first neko/cat girl you ever saw in an anime?
What is your morning routine?
How would you feel if fortnite ninja did blackface?
What's the weirdest dream you've had?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve seen on TV?
Why are hot dogs called hot dogs?
How are Doordash/Postmate Delivery Drivers paid?
[serious] What is your opinion on Dominic Raab?
[Serious] What's the most intense fight you've ever been in or witnessed firsthand?
Racist people of Reddit, why are you gay?
What is your most unlikely but possible fear?
Why is Zoom a thing? Can’t FaceTime, Skype and Hangouts do the same thing without time limits?
What is the age range, or years that someone could have been born in, that is considered a “90s kid”?
What Is Your Fight Song?
As an ex-Christian, who studied the Bible extensively and cannot understand how a Christian can support Trump, considering he's the opposite of what Jesus preached, IMO. Christian Trump supporters, how and why do you support Trump? [Serious]
If you were allowed to change 1 thing in reality what would that be ?
What is your biggest superstition?
You’re transported to a year of your choosing without any of your possessions (you’re automatically dressed in the local garb) and have to convince them that you’re a time traveler within 24 hours, you age. 1 hour to prepare, what is your plan?
What quote can you screw up ONLY by using wrong punctuation?
What is your perfect crime idea?
Those of you who lost their job recently, how are you doing?
What would it take for you to feel comfortable going to something like a sporting event or concert again?
People of Reddit who had to move back in with their parents after college. How long did you live there and how was it ?
How many words do you expect a high school student to type in 20 minutes while working on an essay, so taking into account the time to think?
What is something you regret deeply?
Dear reddit, what do you do to get your mind off something?
What would be the most brutal weapon to be murdered with?
Creatives of Reddit, what techniques do you use to keep creating when you hate what you make?
What's something that's super underrated?
What are some good 80s songs to pass the time?
You now have the infinity gauntlet what will you do?
Introverts of Reddit, why haven't you seen the 1972 film Jeremiah Johnson?
Look! It’s the dog of wisdom! You can ask one yes or no question, what do you ask?
For all the smokers out there , how did it start ?
How to stay awake for 20 hours straight?
Guys, what’s your favorite outfit on a girl ?
Quarantained people of Reddit : What has been working for you to contain your sanity?
What shocked you today?
What question will never be answered?
What’s your favorite game?
What's a super-cool thing that one of your ancestors/older family members did?
What's a super-cool thing that one of your ancestors/older family members did?
What was the most pivotal technology of your time?
What is something really dumb/funny that you've said?
What is a song that you can listen over and over without getting bored by it?
Do you think everyone deserves forgiveness? Why or why not?
What is your best "travel fail" story/picture?
What is something you tried out of curiosity but ended up loving it?
how should one ask their college professor about their well-being over text message?
What are you addicted to?
If Antarctica's ice completely melts, What would be the most controversial object to be discovered there?
What are you going to do with your stimulus check from 2020 current events?
Is there anything actually worth while on TikTok, if so what?
What are some good creepy/dark subreddits/YouTube videos to get lost in?
When do you think we will be able to go out of our houses?
What's your best "pics or it didn't happen" story and photo that you can share?
What made you realize you were in love with your partner?
What’s your go to comfort food?
What are some book series that you loved as a kid?
If you lost your job tomorrow, how long could you survive?
What childhood dream did adulthood crush for you?
What is, in your opinion, the most overrated anime?
With society being indoors for about a month, what unique things could scientists study during this time?
Police or CSI of Reddit, have you ever investigated a crime scene? If so, what would you say is the most unusual thing you noticed in one?
What fad from the 2010s will have a resurgence in the 2020s?
People who make a post starting with "People" and end it with "why?", why?
If you were given a choice to take birth in a desired country of yours, which one would you choose and why?
Girls of Reddit, when was your "Not like the other girls" moment?
How big is your Garfield cock ring?
What is best anime to watch as first one?
Who's the dumbest person you've ever met?
What random coincidental thing has happened to you, that changed your life in a good or bad way?
You can either have any of the infinity stone which one will you choose?
How do modern day writers go on about their books? Which software do they use?
Parents of toddlers, what is the weirdest, yet funniest thing that your child has ever done?
What's a major change that's had a positive impact on your life?
Gamers of Reddit, your taak is to turn Skyrim into a human-only world. What's your strategy?
What is the one thing you want people to remember you for when you die?
Anyone affected by Zoom Bombing? If so, what happened?
What’s one of those things that seems weirder the more you think about it?
What is one piece of news that would not only salvage this whole year but will actually make it one of the best years so far?
What kind of travelbag would you recommend?
What’s the best advice you’ve received from a complete stranger?
What character did you hate at first but grew to appreciate over time?
What’s a popular video game that you were just never able to get into?
If you died right now , how would you feel about your life ?
What’s an atypical date in the year that is important to you, not a holiday, wedding, birthday, death day, etc?
[Serious] What Youtube lecture/video tour do you recommend for folks stuck at home?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of China ?
When is one considered rich?
What is something you really want to ask your SO but you can't bring yourself to ask?
What is the meanest thing your mother in-law did to you?
What movie title sounds the best when you add: "vs. The teletubbies" at the end of it?
Let’s build a dream car. What would it do/have?
Why do some men find it emasculating to let a woman pay for his meal?
Poets of Reddit, What’s your favourite Haiku, Will you share pretty please?
How do you deal with the feeling that your life is empty and meaningless?
What is one character death in a tv show/movie that hit you the hardest and made you cry?
What will you no longer do one month from now?
Which sub has the shittiest people possible in charge of it?
(NSFW) What's the fastest way to turn you on?
What’s something you’re excited that it’s making a comeback?
What is a good subreddit to go to in order to share speeches you have written?
Is there a chance that nazis could rise back into power, could it spark WW3 and what's to prevent them coming back?
What is that embarrassing thing you did to get attention from someone?
Assuming you spend at least twenty dollars on an average trip to the movies, and you’ve seen all 23 Marvel films, what better use could you have put the 460 dollars you’ll never get back?
What is the best pet to hunt spiders that cats and dogs will leave alone?
What have you learnt in the last 3 weeks?
People who did the "the next round goes on me" for an entire bar/club, why and how much did it cost?
Dear people of reddit, what is the most hilarious one night stand that you or someone else have experienced?
Why has anti-semitism been on the rise in the pst few years?
Researchers of Reddit, what are you currently researching while the planet/society undergoes such drastic change? [Serious]
What's one thing you did because you thought it was something else?
What is a red flag of a toxic friendship?
What is the scariest true story?
What would you like to be remembered for after you die?
What have you realized about your partner since being stuck indoors with them?
What is the best videogame ever and why?
How much money do you have in your bank account?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the stupidest argument you've had with a student?
We all know that parents tend to go through many names when picking the name of their Children, what was almost your name and would you have preferred it to what was in the end chosen?
Is 2021, the world goes to shit: what would make a good way to store value/serve as currency when all banks are toast?
What song do you sing when washing dishes?
Marching bands train 16 hours a day with heavy instruments for a month before shows, what else are some underappreciated hobbies/activities?
What’s feature is inarguably cold, regardless of gender?
If you could pick one person (dead or alive) and ask them one question, who would it be? What would you ask them?
What is your source of motivation?
Reddit guys and girls, what were the most original compliments you were told?
People of Reddit. what is the dumbest thing you have seen somebody do outside?
Now that a bunch of people are working from, what are some good tips or habits to make it easier?
How do you think China would react if everyone started calling them west Taiwan?
[Serious] What is the darkest side of humanity you've witnesses for yourself?
What ever happened to the days when guys were players and girls were easy?
How late is “too late“ to go into a business right before they close?
Cops of Reddit, who’s the most dumbest person you have ever encountered online or during work?
Former or current students of reddit, was a teacher ever sexually attracted to you? If so, what's your story?
What’s the most useful life hack you know?
What animal species could easily take over the world if they became hyper-intelligent?
Is there a website where you can commission, for example, a logo, and have artists bid on the job?
Who do you wish would stop talking about politics?
At what critical moment did your brain shut down?
What’s better: dating someone who’s comfortable, or someone who pushes you out of your comfort zone?
Indians of reddit, what is the WORST tiktok you’ve seen someone do in public?
When did you know that you were in love?
Fellow lactose intolerant people, how do you resist the urge to eat chocolate and other food with lactose?
What is your golden rule?
What's an unethical life tip you know?
Parents of Reddit what children's TV show do you absolutely despise?
Who has gotten into a work argument with a co-worker who was working from home and someone at the co-worker's household joined the fight? What happened?
Redditors of Reddit, why are you a Redditor of Reddit?
What are your best places to masturbate?
What sounds like a clickbait YouTube video title but actually isn’t ?
What song most reminds you of the person (or thing) you love the most?
What is the most stupid thing you have done for internet points?
What comedy movie do you love, but everyone else hates and why?
Do guys think about girls they genuinely like/talk to in an innocent/romantic way in a sexual way also? Why/why not?
[serious] people with photographic memory, what are the downsides to your near perfect memory?
What's the oldest thing in your refrigerator/freezer right now?
What are some good no-contact freelance gigs you could do during this time?
Blind People of Reddit: what do you masturbate to?
In these desperate times, what are some foods that can be easily preserved by canning in mason jars, that are also high in protein?
What was the one moment in a movie/show that really hit you and left you crying like a water fall?
In your opinion, what’s the coolest type of tree?
If the only thing you could have sex with for the rest of your life was the closest purple thing to you, what would your sex life look like?
If you could add another new item to rock, paper, scissors, what would it be and how would it work?
Who do you want for smash bros?
Redditors, what's the name of sub-reddit where you can post your theories about movie's meanings or symbolism?
How do people learn how to express their views and their selves so fluently and overcoming the problems such as difficulty is finding the right words or sentences?
You have one day left to live what do you do first?
What are some things you love to see in older movies (80s/90s) that would never happen now because technology has improved?
What are some creepy stories you have experienced?
What is something you really want to like but you just can’t do it?
What is the last thing you did that made you truely happy?
What are your thoughts on Capitalism?
What went wrong in your relationship?
Why do the Chinese indulge in bat-eating?
What two subreddits are basically the same?
You have a chance to have a super power! But your power has a consequence, what power do you choose but what consequences has?
What weird stuff is going on in your town?
What "dumb" rule at work are you responsible for?
You have 1 month to teach the 1% of wealth a lesson, what do you teach and how?
If Twitter existed in the fallout universe (videogame), what tweets would they probably make?
If you couldn’t die where would you like to visit in the solar system?
Redditors who didn’t safely tune off and stow your electronic devices during take off what happened? Where are you now?
What hobby did you get back into?
You have 2 minutes to address the entire nation, what do you say?
If mother nature manifested herself in a humanoid form and went to the UN to give a speech to humanity, What do you think she would say and how do you think governments would react?
From what anime is the intro :"sweet , smile , sadistic , service"?
How has online school been for you?
Who's the creepiest person you've ever encountered?
If Reddit or other social media websites were a thing in the past, how would it have been different? What would people post about?
Somebody you know won 1 million dollars , how do you steal his money without him realizing?
Artists of Reddit, how would you characterize your art style?
What is the most cursed YouTube video you’ve seen?
In the future, a shocking discovery reveals that Hitler was actually the single biggest victim of the Holocaust. What could this discovery possibly be?
What was your dream job before you realized it was unlikely to get it?
[Serious] Boris Johnson, the prime minister of Britain has just been admitted to intensive care, what do you think would happen for the future of Great Britain?
In light of the Saudia Arabian government buying 8% of carnival cruise lines, should governments be allowed to buy shares in companies, why or why not?
What's a really cringy memory that gets in your head when you're trying to sleep?
What's something new you have learned these days?
What was your "smooth as sandpaper" move when it comes to your crush?
Theatre people of reddit, what’s one play/musical that you have always wanted to be in?
What new skills/activities are you trying to learn these days?
What are some of the best unreleased songs that everyone should take a listen to?
If your life was a video game, what brand new achievements have you unlocked in the last 30 days?
If you had to kill a character from Harry Potter, who would it be and why Dolores Umbridge?
Why should you subscribe to Zenitura Gaming on youtube?
Low blood pressure sufferers of Reddit, what all do you feel before an attack?
Introverts how are you holding up this situation ?
What is a sweet thing to do for your S/O on a first or second date?
You now exist in dbz which race will you choose ?
Whats something that turns you on?
Keyboard builders of reddit, What keyswitch is silent and smooth and NOT clickly?
Americans of Reddit, if we had a second civil war in which all 48 connected states (not including Alaska and Hawaii) fought each other with no alliances, who would win and why?
What would you say is your biggest strength, and what would you say is your biggest weakness?
How much money in exchange for eating a live cockroach?
You’re an NPC. What is the annoying phrase you say every time the player character interacts with you?
If given the opportunity, would you take the opportunity to become a famous actor? Why or why not?
All devices no longer have the ability to clear history or go in incognito. What’s the first problem you run into?
What is/was an Acceptable grade for your parents?
Do oil Sheikhs have to be careful with how much they spend and donate, as to not devalue money?
For those living with their significant other, which side of the bed do you sleep on and why?
What has this pandamic thought you so far?
How well prepared will you be for the next pandamic?
If you had to bring 5 desert island games,what would they be(no compilations)?
People who have worked or work at McDonald's, is the ice cream machine actually broken?
What's a story you've always wanted to tell, but no one has ever asked about?
What's it like being in a coma?
What do you think is the best line spoken in movie history ?
If a zombie apocalypse broke out right now, as you read this post, what would you do? Are you prepared in your current spot?
You have 1 hour left before the earth is destroyed what will you do?
People of reddit- Who is the bomb in your life that made you go haywire? Are you still in touch with her?
Parents of teenagers. Supposin’ that you strongly suspect that your daughter has been fraternizing with flappers and smoking jazz cigarettes. What can be done to set that broad straight?
People who can’t stand drinking water, what does it taste like to you? People who drink water, do you think there is any taste?
What's the most pathetic attempt for fame you have ever seen?
What was the best non-fiction book you read recently?
If animals could talk, which one would be the rudest?
What drew you to the weirdest rabbit hole you fell in, and what kept you there?
What seemingly innocuous movie or TV show has a fucked up subtext that many people not notice?
Ex atheists, why did you left atheism!?
[serious]Fast Food Employees, how are you doing?
How come we are against the idea of slaughtering dogs, but are ok with slaughtering pigs even though they are cute and Intelligent?
what was it like to be a member of the infamous Lounge for a week?
What is the best gift that you have received from someone ?
If you were an animal what would you be and why?
Tattoo Artists, what was the worst tattoo a client has come to you to cover up?
What is a good subreddit for "tongue-in-cheek" type of humour?
Redditors who had an unplanned/unwanted pregnancy.... what did you use for protection and how did you use it?
people who own an anime bodypillow, why?
[Serious] Whos gonna succeed Boris Johnson when he succumbs?
What's the best anti-joke to get back at a roommate?
People who drive a lot at night, what's your creepiest or most unexplainable thing you saw?
What’s the worst meal you’ve ever eaten?
What's your best "clean out the pantry" recipe?
What is the best site to find illegally university books that you know?
How long and thick is enough?
What disability do you have and how does it affect your life?
What is a skill you have as a result of a flaw?
What causes one to be angered by someone's self exploration of ideas/beliefs/religion?
In your opinion, is the Earth round or flat and why?
Why does it seem like most adults over 30 text with an ellipsis at the end of every phrase?
People who worked in IT what was the weirdest thing you ever saw?
What is something really bad that has happened in April 2020 that we don’t know about?
Redditers who attend AA/NA/ACA, etc. What are you doing since you can no longer attend during this time?
You are as powerful as saitama what will you do first ?
why do we try to justify the animal holocaust as if driving a knife into the neck of animals is morally ambiguous tbh?
With the new free time you have staying at home, what skills are you learning to better yourself?
What feels right when everything feels wrong and you can't talk to anyone about it?
What minor inconveniance would you wish upon your worst enemy?
First Responders, what are the strangest reasons you’ve been called to a scene?
What would you NOT recommend people?
What's an underrated game?
what’s one thing you really took for granted before this sad time that you’re really gonna cherish after?
What is something that you know is ridiculously overpriced, but would buy anyway?
What’s your favorite acronym?
What's something so bad that you like to pretend it never happened?
Pick a color. Any color. How would you describe it to a person who is blind?
How long do you see this going on for?
What invention can you come up with to solve everyday problems?
How are couples dealing with cancelled weddings?
What is a book that you read as a kid that, if you re-read as an adult, would most intensely reveal how YOU have grown and changed?
People of Reddit, what was your life changing moment and why?
Vegans of reddit Why?
Are there websites or apps that show you how it would look like it you dyed your hair?
What are some unique activities you did as a child to keep yourself entertained?
What are some hobbies that look impressive, but are actually quite easy to learn?
How to teach yourself to like someone you are not physically attracted?
[NSFW] What are the realities of sex that nobody tells you?
Which U.S. state has the most inconsistent/weird weather conditions?
What kind of pillow is your favorite to sleep with?
What movie has ridiculous events taking place in an otherwise ordinary environment?
Who was ‘that teacher‘ at your school?
Redditors, what new skill/hobby have you taken up since isolation?
Bartenders and Waiters/Waitress of Reddit, what is your most interesting on the job story?
What's an unwritten rule which affects you directly?
What was a moment that you made a prediction and it immediately came true afterwards?
What is the most money you've been paid for the shortest duration of work?
We were all so happy as kids. But why are most of us depressed now?
How did you realize your body was different?
If you could travel back in time, what would you change in your life?
How do you want to die?
Home owners of reddit, what is your creepiest stories of basement, attic, and crawlspace's?
What are the dirtiest secrets that you haven’t told anybody?
What’s the dumbest way you’ve seen someone gain a lot of karma?
What point of view do you see memories?
What's a very hard thing you've done/ decision you've made in life that's been totally worth it in the end?
What do you miss most about the '90s?
What is something that all partners can do to make a huge difference to you?
What is something that is relatively cheap that can save you millions?
What is your story of a comedian bombing?
What is the cringiest historical fact you know?
What the funniest thing you've seen someone do or have done yourself?
What free music downloading apps are you using, is it good?
You get to choose which anime will get another season which anime should it be ?
How has your life changed over the last two months?
What did you always hate as a child?
Based on your most dominant trait, what would you be the god of?
If there was a counter over your head seen by everyone and it would ruin your life, what would it show?
What's that one song that can pump you up, no matter what?
If they would create wimps.com, would you move your ass from Reddit's as if it's necessary, and how fast ?
How does this isolation changed your perspective of seeing the world?
Creatives who caught others plagiarizing your work, what happened?
You now can manipulate anyone what will you do ?
If the world ends this month and we go into apocalypse what would be your plan?
People who know a lot about 1 thing, what's the thing?
How bad is it to have a weird sleep schedule? Also is doing naps instead of full night of sleep bad?
People who proposed and were rejected, what happened to the relationship?
Hey Reddit, What can always make you happy?
What decision have you made that changed your life?
What are some simple tasks many people often can’t do?
What's something awesome that almost no one knows about?
What is the kindest thing someone has ever done for you?
How do you feel about Yoga?
Do you believe that summer and spring is cancelled? Why or why not?
What is your favorite flavor of Pokémon?
Hypochondriacs and anxious Redditors- how are you doing right now? [Serious]
When did you say “fuck it! What’s the worse that can happen?” Only for things to go horribly wrong or perfectly?
What is the best buy you have made online?
What is a gross sounding food combination you like?
How much work is required to moonwalk?
To all the Biden supporters out there, why?
You wake up with the ability to see through any object of your choice (You can make them visible after). How do you use your new power?
Pastors, Ministers and Clergymen in Government, what challenges are you facing now with your faith?
You are now isekai'd to interspecies reviewers which one will you f*ck first ?
Parents of grown children who are now toxic or abusive to you (for any reason), what do you wish your child could understand? (serious)
Lawrence Welk viewers who also watch SNL.... was there a real life Dooneese Maharelle?
Who's your favourite Animal Crossing Character and why?
How would one even begin to let every single person on the face of the planet know that the end of the world is on 05/16/2024?
So Americans, it is April 6th. How is getting that stimulus check coming along, did it drop into your bank account yet?
Whats your theory: Are we alone in the universe?
What song will you never get tired of?
what’s the worst thing due to depression ?
What's a song that makes you smile when you're feeling down?
What online friend have you lost?
What’s your home cleaning routine?
You now have the ability to destroy anything what will you destroy?
What are the places that seem fine during the day but get really scary at night?
What would you do without an internet connection for the next week?
What changes would you make in your life if you didn't have to worry about other people's opinion?
What is the best story you've ever read/heard?
If you could relive one day (aka groundhog day) one day in your life what day would you choose?
If you invent an anti-americanised translator, would it make the deal, and what will be your offers ?
What are the traits of alpha male??
Why can't we know the long term term effects of vaping by researching the chemical structures of vape juice and human tissue?
What tradition or custom from a different culture or country do you wish was part of your culture or country?
What is one not so popular song everyone should listen to atleast once in their life?
If Harry Potter was real, would you want to be a wizard? or a Muggle? and why?
You are given 1 million dollars to be used only for the well-being of others. How would you use it ?
what was the family heirloom that you destroyed?
Marriage/engagement photographers/videographers of Reddit, have you developed a sixth sense for which marriages will flourish and which will not? What are the green and red flags?
What are hidden phone settings that most people doesen't know about?
What's something that you could be into, but aren't?
What's a piece of "movie logic" that seems totally false, but is actually completely true?
What are the best subs and websites for budgeting and/or saving money on products/services we all use?
What good or bad advice would you give to someone to help or fuck them up?
What is an unsavory opinion you have that you would never express in public? [Serious]
What are some things anyone should know going into high-school?
How to tell if someone is attracted to you??
(Thinking Exercise) How can you be sure that you're not living in an advanced 1984 like total dictatorship, in which every facet of history has been totally fabricated?
What's the most embarrassing/cringey thing someone accidentally showed you, or something you accidentally saw while they were using their phone or computer?
When do you guys think everything will go back to normal ?
What's the most useless thing you've saw?
There's a Lauryn Hill song (To Zion) where a bunch of school kids discuss the meaning of love. Reddit, how has the meaning of love changed for you since childhood?
whats something you dislike/would like to change about yourself?
When was a time you ignored a message that said "this is for mature audience only" and that was one of the biggest mistakes you made?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've witnessed a coworker do on video conference while working from home?
If you could go back in time and show any group of people any movie (or series) made to date, what would you show and why?
What is a common misconception about your line of work?
How has Reddit changed your life for the better?
What’s the most awkward thing you’ve ever experienced at a wedding?
New to anime, what’s a good one to start with?
What’s your favourite non-English-language song?
What is the one physical trait someone has to have in order for you to be interested?
Why is Tiger King so popular?
Anyone, What Conversation Led You To Think That You Have A Big Brain And Then You Found Out That You Are Actually Wrong?
Why is the mortality rate for some countries so much higher than other countries?
What are some good habits someone alone at home can try to create these days?
What has your government done for you during current situation??
people who have involuntary episode of sleep (Narcolepsy). which things do you do for to wake up ?
What is the safe way to look at a picture of the sun?
What did you buy from an infomercial and was it worth it?
what was something so utterly stupid that it made you facepalm?
What is the longest running tradition in your family?
People with business cards, what website do you use?
Replace your countries national currency with literally anything else (physical object, service, something abstract, etc). What would you choose?
Redditors who have dealt with depression in the past, how did you find happiness?
People who normally work remotely but now cannot with the economic change, what industry did you work in that has basically shut down?
What matters to you alot, but wouldn’t if you were living in a different country?
What is your favorite popcorn flavor?
Where is the best place to look for a low cost vasectomy?
[serious] what ancient wisdom is still relevant today?
What is one thing that you would share nowhere else but on reddit?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you because of a misunderstanding?
Is there any way to reconnect with long lost emotions, and maybe to even gain greater depth, variety and intensity of emotion and physically felt empathy through "exercise" as a guy? If so, how?
How did your school's "golden boy" or "golden girl" fall from grace?
What is the worst warning you ignored?
People of Reddit who didn't know who is How to Basic and were genuinely searching for a cooking recipe.How did you react?
What's some of the worst/least helpful advice you've ever received?
What band do you love that is not from your generation ?
What are your favorite cover songs, or what originals did you discover after the cover got famous?
People with aphantasia (inability to visualize imagery), how did you find out?
What are some good songs?
People who have traveled the world/different countries, what was the most memorable experience you had on your travels?
Who do you think are the most overrated pornstars?
Our brain has the ability to link certain smells with specific memories or people. What’s a specific smell that reminds you of a person or memory?
What was the rudest thing someone has done behind your back to you?
Women always say that men should try the pain of having periods. So, Men of reddit, what's a thing that we women should try?
how have you embarrassed yourself on a first date?
What’s the wildest dream you have ever had ?
What is your most embarrassing experience?
American Redditors, why is your state the best?
What was the most weirdest thing you brought home on a night out?
What's your obscure zombie killing weapon of choice?
How did you overcome your addiction?
What do you still question to this day?
What’s your worst NSFW fail?
What forms of censorship should we make an exception for and support?
What are some Easter activity ideas for a house full of adults?
What have you wanted to do lately, that you wouldn't even think of doing if you didn't have to stay at home?
Why does dividing 2020 by 5 bring up an error on your phone calculator?
people of What scary fact keeps you up at night? [SERIOUS]
What is the biggest “turn on” for You ?
What is the best thing to say when you have no comeback for an argument?
What is a time when a movie or TV show quote was perfectly timed?
What's the most self-aware statement you've ever heard someone make?
What is the biggest asshole move someone has ever made along with the story?
Do you think plasticine people may get out and kidnap you for better treatment, and where d'you get them ?
What would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
If you had the power to turn a single object in the world green, what would it be and why?
People who thought having a child would fix or solidify their relationship, what was the result?
What are some of the best band names in history, and what makes them so good?
If there really are infinite parallel universes, which one would be your favourite?
When was the last time someone’s maliciousness made you cry? How did it end up?
What’s your favourite food?
Students of reddit, how long is your school day at the moment?
What makes you shout instantly?
people who claim to be true star trek fans but have never even seen the originals, why?
People who were homeschooled, how was your adolescence or other life aspects affected in comparison with regular education?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Most ridiculous thing you've ever put together for dinner from whatever was in the fridge?
What is something that made you question everything ?
Social worker of Reddit, what is the most NSFW moment of your career ?
people who love star wars but complain how all the movies are trash, why do you even like it?
How would it be if other human species were still alive next to us? Extermination? Enslavement? Some form of mutual coexistence (either separated like reserves or fully, like mixed cities)?
You get to have one question answered, but no one else will ever be able to learn the answer and anyone who already does will have it wiped from memory. What do you want to know and why?
What have you learned about yourself and society in the midst of these crazy times?
What’s the most stupid thing you’ve done?
Would you rather have a high-paying career but not be interested in it or have a low-paying career that you have interest in? Why?
What was the biggest "your experiences are not universal" moment of your life?
In what ways, if any, have you been trying to improve your self while in isolation?
What creature would be the most fearsome if the species had wings(yes, flight capable)?
Lovely people of reddit, what was the stupidest thing somebody in your class/workplace did?
Redditors who've suffered from amnesia, what happened?
What would you do if the internet suddenly went down everywhere in the world for 24hrs?
What was the weirdest stage you ever had?
Vegans and Vegetarians of Reddit, If lab grown meat was commercially available and found to be safe for consumption would you eat it? Why or Why not?
What would happen if you gave someone lasagne in 200AD?
What famous musician have you hung out with and what were they like?
What is something you’ve always wanted to talk about but could find the right post that asked the right question?
What is something that we all can agree with?
If you could restart your life from an age of your choice (keep all memories but nothing after that age has ever happened) what age would you pick?
People with tattoos of someones face on chest/torso/arms, do you sexual partners ever complain about having to look at pictures of Nana or Baby when you are having sex?
How do you spend your free time, now that you have shit loads of it ?
What's the first movie you suggest to someone?
What are some good meme pages in instagram ?
What are you most grateful for that you have in your life ?
What's your favorite reality TV show/game show?
What little things do people do that make you smile?
ex vets of Reddit what is the craziest customer you met?
With the flaws of some governments being blasted over the media alongside calls for UBI recently, how do you feel about people becoming reliant on your government given its recent actions and where are you at?
Do you find it rude when someone ends a sentence in a chat with a period?
The Simpsons have predicted a lot of odd stuff. What is a prediction you can make for the future?
What makes your favorite teacher so cool?
What are some mind-blowing facts related to technology?
Who should be the subject of the next "Tiger King" style documentary?
What is being the child of a therapist like?
When's the time to eat the rich?
If your enemy would be off your sex projects, would you dare much girls and in what better conditions ?
[nsfw] What’s the weirdest thing someone did that made you Nope right out of truth or dare?
If you got pregnant at 14 and had a girl at 15 and your parents decided to raise her as their child. Should you tell your sister that she’s actually your daughter? What should you do?
What is the most good you can do with $10?
Generally speaking, are blue gill and crappie caught out of american rivers clean enough to eat, why or why not?
What is the most beneficial subreddit ever?
Imagine you are 73 Year's old what do you say to your current self?
People who resigned from their job only to join again later, how was the workplace's atmosphere when you came back?
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you?
What was the worst thing you did or tried to do in order to impress a girl or guy?
Art Majors, what's the most surprising and or difficult thing about this course AFTER you've already enrolled?
Straight,white,males who have been discriminated against,what is your story?
How did you find (out about) reddit?
What are some broken things better off not fixed?
To those who lost their job, do you have any advice for those of us who are about to?
how well would the uk last with a zombie apocalypse?
If it was an apocalypse and everyone died except 5 people and you can chose who those 5 people are who would you chose?
What has been the weirdest and yet one of the worst pains you have ever experienced?
How long have you been single and why?
Disney Channel. Nickelodeon. Cartoon Network. One of these you can watch whenever you want. One of these you can only watch once a week. One of these you have to cut out of your life. Which ones are you choosing and why?
What’s something you have always wanted to try but never got the chance to do?
Where have you found reliable remote work since losing a job?
What word have you had difficulty with pronouncing your entire life?
Which movies released before the year 2000, if released today, would now be rated PG-13 instead of R?
What are some tricks for causeing bad pain without much having much strength?
People filming themselves smoking/drink/doing drugs and posting on social media. Why do you do it?
Statists, why are you statists?
Why is america so bad at tanking corana?
What was the worst year of your life and why?
When where you not able to expect the unexpected while expecting the unexpected?
(Serious) Guys who are not involved in their children's lives at all or very little, why not? Do you regret it? What's keeping you from doing so?
What is something you've learned about yourself in the last three weeks?
what made you realize that you were a utter failure?
How was your day?
Sperm donors of Reddit, what kind of porn do they give you in that little wanking room?
With all the bad news out there, let's have some positive thoughts- what's something really cool that has happened to you recently?
What is the Weirdest Internet Fandom you’ve come across?
Who was someone you wanted to have sex with, but were hesitant because you didn't think it would be good and after having sex, you found that it was exceptionally good?
What musical instrument do you abhor?
How many times you wipe ur ass ?
Of you documentary lovers out there, What documentaries or series have you been watching lately?
What was your “The risk I took was calculated, but man am I bad at math” moment?
If you were a bender, how would you utilize your bending power in the bedroom?
Doctors say it's going to get bad this week. Well, what do we do?
What is an ability in a video game that everyone knows about but few people know the official name of?
How much does shrek charge on Thursdays?
What's your relationship with you pet like?
What new hobbies have you pursued recently?
Which do you open more, the fridge or your phone?
What do karma points do?
What's your favorite mobile game?
Which band or artist do you regret you'll never be able to see live?
What is the most tinfoil-hat conspiracy theory you've ever come across?
What are some Tv shows to watch during this time?
Do any of us really have free will? If yes/no, why?
since we are all home how has your diet changed?
What item is ok to buy small amounts of, but creepy when you buy a large amount?
What was your AIM away message?
Are you tired of all that crap like if it would be a real stand, like the book, and what are your ambitions ?
What is something you used to like/withstand as a child but scares the crap out of you now?
How would society in the Toy Story Universe react if people found out that toys are alive?
what do you love about yourself?
Which movie/tv series is it for which you have been shamed by your friends for not watching?
people who are their co workers food, why did you do it?
What was the funniest thing you've heard someone say while angry?
Which is the organization for the defense of consumers of games?
If you died right now what loot would you drop?
What’s The Most Courageous Thing You’ve Ever Done?
What's the most embarrassing thing that happened to you?
What was the last song that made you cry, and why?
What is the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to you?
Which English online dictionary more accurately shows the popularity and importance of words: Merriam-Webster, Macmillan or Collins?
What is a shrek quote you can moan during shrex?
Our societies have tons of flaws. What is that one thing you wish never existed in your society?
Lucid dreamers, what’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever created ?
Do you have to go to the bathroom? If so, why arent you doing it? And if you're done shitting, why arent you getting off the shitter?
[Serious] Who is an example of someone that is a good person but a bad parent?
people who own xbox/ play station, why do you prefer one over another?
What were some wedding disasters that you’ve personally witnessed?
Partiers and Bartenders of Reddit, What are some easy to make and taste good drinks someone should know how to make at parties to impress people?
What's the longest you've ever gone without showering?
What is one job you would not let your partner do?
What is Your Favorite Conspiracy Theory?
If you had to name your future child after a fictional character, what would their name be? Or, Redditors who are named after a character, which one is it?
How do YOU think the karma system works on Reddit and why?
What’s your major in college ?
If you got to choose between having world peace or Pokemon being real, which Pokemon would you want the most?
If everybody has their weakness displayed on their head. What would be yours?
you can kill one character from any movie, book or TV series. who is it, when and why?
What’s the luckiest thing to ever happen to you?
What’s the biggest unsolved mystery that you want to know the answer to?
Those of you who consider yourself successful, what is your daily routine?
[Serious] Restaurant owners / managers of Reddit, approximately how much of the bill is revenue designated to offset the cost of patrons who send food back?
Current dog owners of reddit, do you think your pet is conscious/sentient? And if so why?
Bilinguals of Reddit, in what accent do you speak foreign languages?
What bad habbit of yours did you overcome? How did you do it?
World War 3 - What do you think will happen after the current situation is dealt with? What are the chances of a 3rd World War initiated by either the US or China?
What is something that you see people critique/judge others on but never themselves?
If someone asked what is American culture, what would you say?
Your ideal life is a movie. What genre is it? Who play the supporting cast? What's the soundtrack?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what are the strangest requests you've been given?
What Florida man/Florida woman story scares you the most?
What is one thing that you forbid?
females of reddit, what is the biggest turn off when you meet a guy?
At what age did you like/dislike your kids, and why?
What feeling is better than bustin a nut?
Burglars of reddit, what are you doing now that you have no work?
What do you know about Kansas?
What would you like to ask reddit but it never got much replies?
What is your favorite r/nosleep story?
Redditors who live with others - what have you discovered about them that wasn't obvious before all of this extended stay-home time?
What's something you hate about love?
what is your "oh no" moment?
Who are the best food reviewers on YouTube?
would you date a work colleague? why?
What circumstances are necessary for a country to develop a democracy?
What is your favorite conspiracy theory?
Why are you Asian?
What do you hate about your life?
Why did you elope, and how did things turn out?
Men of Reddit who regularly do kegal exercises, does your cum fly across the room?
what's the best way to improve your self esteem?
Pilots of reddit or people who know about flight navigation what are your thoughts on bird navigation?
All military personnel (active duty, reserve or retired), what are your experiences in the military and how does it compare to expectation VS. reality?
What is the strangest thing you've ever obsessed over?
What is giving you comfort during these unprecedented times?
Where do our thoughts come from?
What's the lowest point you've been at in life? What got you there and what got you out of it?
What food you like the most?
Why does society have a do-no-wrong attitude toward women?
What is your favorite weird/creepy video on YouTube?
in your opinion, who was the best person to ever live?
People who picked up the soap, how was it?
people that have been adopted or adopted a child, how has your life changed for the better?
What is your dream fiction crossover?
What are some utterly ridiculous yet totally plausible events, circumstances, or phenomena that could take place in the not-too-distant future?
What word which you started saying ironically is now part of your vocabulary?
what was the most obvious lie somebody told you?
What are the most underrated comedy movie of all time?
What’s the dumbest solution to a problem that has actually worked?
Adults on reddit, what did you think you’ll be as a kid and what did you become?
Would you rather spend your isolation time alone or with Queen Elsa? Why?
What kind of places are you wary of?
You have now the power to make one rule which will be obeyed by the whole world. What rule do you make?
Reddit noob - What is the best subreddit for a question about Windows drivers for an old piece of hardware (Creative Labs Video Blaster Editor)?
If you had to write a letter for a time capsule for a 1 year old to open when they’re 18, what would you want to tell them? What advice would you give?
[Serious] What's your opinion of Minnesota?
Women with small breasts, do you wish you had big breasts? Why or why not?
How many stories that get thousands of likes in comment sections do you think are bullshit?
What's the most NSFW thing you or someone did in online classes!?
How do former or current DEA or other law enforcement officers feel about weed legalization?
You are a person from 2019, a time traveller drops by and drops a graph showing the dieing economy of 2020. What will you assume happened in 2020?
What is the weirdest movie/show/etc that has been on the Tv while you had sex?
What is your best suggestions on what to eat right now?
What is your favorite classical/instrumental piece?
What would happen to a person who travelled to Russia and criticized Putin there?
[Serious] Autistic people of Reddit, what is something that neutrotypicals will never understand? [Serious]
Why are MILFs so hot?
How do other countries view the US amidst these circumstances?
The last thing you remember is you being in a hospital, now you are in a red landscape. You see someone &amp; you asked "Where am I?" &amp; they reply "You're in hell." The question is, what did you do to get in hell?
People who still have to work, what do you think of all the people thanking you?
[Serious] What has self-isolation taught you about yourself?
What is the worst plumbing experience you've had?
Is life a gift? If so, why is it?
is it common to have had sex with someone ugly at least once? why?
Dungeons&amp;Dragons players, what was the most Bard thing you did/witnessed?
How did you realise they were not telling the truth?
What film would’ve been more interesting if it had been made in a different style?
What defunct bands would you like to see virtually reunited to play some online concerts for their fans?
What is the worst thing your crush has done to you?
What was the reason you started using reddit (for the first time)?
People who graduated college, do you think your education properly prepared you for your future?
If "Ok Trump" was your new digital assistant, what type of answers would you get?
What was your Plus Ultra moment?
Parents of furries: why didn't you hit your kids?
What do you add to Macaroni and Cheese that makes it the best?
People who have been to prison whats the best way to get through your sentence(not getting beat,raped ect?
redditors who got strip searched at TSA what happened?
If Jesus lived today, what part of your city would he live at?
People who moderate adult sites for a living, what's the weirdest thing you've seen?
Redditors who work for a scam company, whether it’s one of those dumb mobile games or a telemarketing scam group: What is your work day like?
people who met their favorite celebrity, were they as good as you thought they were?
What have you given you’re kids that you didn’t have growing up ?
You can become any creature you want, but the person who replies first chooses the problem about you. What do you choose?
People of Reddit who used to sell weed to everyone else in high school, how's it going these days?
People of Reddit, what did Sex Ed teach you in school, what do you wish they would have told you?
What are the most common clichés in fiction writing?
How many feet of chain link fence should be between each post that holds it up?
If you wouldn’t like for someone to eat you, why would you eat any other animal?
What‘s the most big dick energy you have ever seen?
What is the most relaxing thing you’ve ever experienced?
[Serious] What kind of personality would you have developed compared to yours now if you would have grown up on the opposite side of the world?
People in a relationship, what are you doing to have fun even though you might be separated?
Why did you vote for Bob Dole?
what was the worst investment you made?
You go to sleep tonight, and then when up in the morning you see through the window that the zombie apocalypse has started. What is the first thing you do?
College students and graduates of Reddit: what were/are some of your worst experiences with political bias/censorship on college campuses? How did it make you feel about college in general?
People rich in karma, how has it changed your life?
Have you ever seen the face of pure evil? What made the person evil?
Tell us all about a time that you regret, when you hit the skip ad button after 5 seconds?
Why are you single?
What's the oddest question anyone's ever asked you irl?
What is the funniest thing in your life that has ever happened to you or you have done?
What was your weirdest dream?
What is the cause of your ptsd?
Whats the first thing you're gonna do once lock-down is over?
What song do you relate to the most in regard to the lyrics and why?
What is something you wish people understood about you?
Is there any way to reconnect with long lost emotions, and maybe to even gain greater depth, variety and intensity of emotion and physically felt empathy as a guy? If so, how?
What is a fictional character that is bad but has a simple way to make it better?
At the beginning of each month of the year 2021, a theme song plays from any anime. Then, for the month, that show is incorporated in the real world. What happens?
Your best friends about to do something stupid what is it and what do you do?
If you can be told what you can see or read, Then it follows that you can be told what to say or think... Do you agree??
what are you eating nowadays?
Which is the ruddest celeb you have ever met?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done?
people who did not put your name on a school assighnment, what happened?
People who walk on the street, next to a complete, and safe sidewalk; why do you do it? Do you know who you are?
What’s the funniest shit you’ve ever seen?
What’s the dumbest way you got laid?
What is something that is not easy as it looks?
What memory makes you cringe at night?
What does a shy guy need to do get someone way out of his league?
How’s your day going?
A+, role model students of reddit, what are some of the secret bad things you did back in school?
You’ve started a cult with a small group of believers on a ten acre compound. Where do you go from here?
What things you don't like?
to the people who bought super expensive clothing/appeal, is it really that much better?
What are the best unspoken guy and girl code rules?
What is something you miss doing that you can't do anymore?
Hii Reddit can we find this game where you have 2 castles one blue and one red it is an ms-dos game it is 2d and you shot a cannon to the other castle and pieces of it like legos fall of off it ?
Always thought it would be a great idea to remake the movie Face/Off but with 2 different leads doing the switch up. Exact same movie just different actors for Nick Cage and John Travolta (ex. maybe Danny Devito and Arnold Schwarzenegger). Who do you guys think would be good leads?
If you could explain Earth/Humans to an alien with a song, which would it be?
Why do women who don’t use effective birth control properly get surprised/shocked when they end up pregnant?
What's something about you that shock others when they learn about it?
when was it you realized that video games were REALLY expensive?
What is your number one, favorite piece of music from a video game?
Retail workers: what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen on a customer’s phone or computer?
If there was one thing you wish never existed what would it be?
If your life is a meme then what meme it would be?
what made you really hate your parents?
What have you done on a dare/bet that has had the greatest impact on you?
What is one thing that would really make your current situation better?
What’s the best way to spend $50?
What was your strangest interaction with a person while on lsd/shrooms?
To all the manipulative or stress inflicting people out there, why do you do it to you friends?
When a girl's tinder profile says "Tryna catch a vibe", what does that mean?
What makes recycling metals expensive enough so extracting metal from the earth is still a massive activity?
Do you like or dislike computers/technology? Why?
Based on the music you listen to, how old are you?
What drives you nuts?
Would you pay a little more for socks in your exact shoe size? Why or why not?
Where and when was the last time you fainted?
King Midas’ brother from Florida- Mike- was given a gift similar to his brother’s. What does the Mike touch turn things into?
What is your secret fetish/kink?
What would you do if you were buried alive?
Women of reddit - How have you broken the heart of men/bf/hubby and how did you mend it?
What are you still not bored enough to do?
What screams "I peaked in high school"?
People who have been knocked out cold, what's your story?
Girls of Reddit, what's an unwritten rule of being a girl?
What does using "access to computers" mean?
Who is your favorite classical composer? And why?
If you made a pie chart of your daily activities, what would take up the most space (sleeping doesn’t count unless you’re a frequent napper)?
What weird habits have you noticed with your family during isolation?
What was the best decision you made this year?
What’s a good post-lasagna snack?
people of Reddit whats a not so fun fact you have learned during this trying time?
Who is the nicest and/or meanest celebrity you've met?
Game Developers of reddit what console do you create your game first before porting it?
What are the best drinking games to do online with friends?
If you had to kill every animal you eat, how would it impact your life?
What is the biggest pump and dump scheme in history?
What's your favorite randomly recommended video in YouTube ?
Redditors, what should be considered the "mother of all memes"?
Anti-vaxxers of Reddit, why are you against vaccinations?
What is something you thought was scary as a child?
What are you secretly addicted to but can’t admit to it?
Stunt doubles of Reddit, what is the craziest or easiest stunt you've been asked to do?
What is the coolest niche website out there?
People who have spent their birthday alone in isolation - how have you celebrated?
What are the ethical dilemmas (or lack thereof) around killing a being with artificial intelligence?
People of Reddit: What film crossover would you like to see?
What is the craziest rumor you have heard of yourself?
Who did you think was nice, but ended up being a complete jerk?
whats an example of a time where "just okay is not okay" ?
If there were to every be a zombie apocalypse leaving everyone dead besides you and a couple of your friends, what is the first thing you would do?
At what point does a dream become an obsession? Should you keep going or just quit and accept the dream is dead?
Gamers of Reddit, what video game had alot of hype, but ended up being a huge flop for you?
What was the last thing you lied about, and why?
Doctors of reddit, what do you dislike most about anti-vaxxers ?
Which tv shows would you recommend for binge watching?
people who constantly upgrade there phone to the newest model, why do you do it?
Parents of Reddit, do you wish you had waited longer to have your first baby, or do you wish you had him/her sooner? Why or why not?
What is the most degrading thing you've ever been forced to do?
What's the scariest song have ever heard?
How do you know when eye contact is going beyond friendly?
What is the biggest display of Karma you have ever seen?
people who expect to have a 1200 dollar phone on minimum wage, why?
What do you miss doing most these days?
You're teleported into the episode of the show you last watched, what's your situation?
Redditors, what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen on Google Street View?
Why do you lie on social media?
People that the doctors gave a few days to live, but are still here, how long has it been?
What is your least favorite emojis and why?
What is something you wish you could warn more people about?
What's your "They forgot about me" story?
What superpower sounds weak but is actually overpowered?
What were the times where you messed up really badly, but didn’t get punished for it?
What something perfectly normal you can't stand the texture of?
people who skipped class, what did you do with that extra time?
How old are you based upon your favorite cartoon show as a teen?
Has anyone become the "forgotten employee", if so what happened and how long before corporate noticed?
What would you define as a success in your life?
Which musician use auto-tune perfectly ?
People from countries that don't get any major international media attention - what should the world know about your homeland?
What physical characteristic would you change if you had the chance to?
How should area rug placement be with sectional couch?
Donald Trump likes fried chicken and Twitter spats. You can pass that on in chinese whispers any way you like. How would you?
What is the meanest thing you have ever said to someone? Do you regret it?
People who are not respecting the stay at home order, what’s your reasoning?
What act made you lose all respect for a person?
Why Does Your Favorite Music Genre Not Deserve the Hate Gets?
people who went to a comic con/ anime con, what happened there?
Who’s the most spoiled brat that you ever saw, and what did they do?
What is something that everybody inevitably does but won`t admit it?
What is the worst television show ever produced?
When did you realized you were a Douchebag to someone and and felt sorry for it?
What's your best "pics or it didn't happen" story and photo that you can share?
If you were planning on ending your life soon, what would you do to motivate yourself to at least finish the assignments of your college semester?
What’s an ad you actually enjoyed watching?
Was there ever a time during sex when you thought, “this is getting way too crazy”.?
Whats your job description, but in the form of a haiku?
What's your favorite podcast that you listen to during your morning routine (while getting dressed, breakfast....) and why?
[Serious] former and current homeless of Reddit, what was your drink or drug of choice?
What is the weirdest thing to ever happen to you?
What tv show do you think has the best character development?
It turns out that your spouse is actually an alien who has been impersonating a human all these years. What SHOULD have been your first clue?
What’s the most unique thing about you?
Synesthesiacs of reddit, what's the weirdest thing that's happened to you (dealing with the condition that is)?
people of reddit what would you think a scooby-doo and doom crossover would look like?
What do growing pains feel like?
If you could change any single thing that you done in the last 4 years, what would it be?
what made you realize you were the annoying one?
What is the coolest thing you found in a thrift shop?
What grammar mistakes do people often make without realizing?
If you got the offer to earn $1 million a month but every time you think of your favorite game, you will be kissed by the person you think is the ugliest nearby, would you accept the offer? Why / why not?
Military folks of reddit. How do feel about Trump after his ousting of Capt. Cozier? Has it changed you opinion of him as President?
(Personal pronoun) need a snack...what’s your favorite one?
What's the most stressed you have been at work? What happened?
Educators of Reddit, what are some innovative ways you’ve been reaching your students from a distance?
Which is your favourite letter of the alphabet?
What's your go-to happy place you visit in your mind when you're experiencing sexual activity with someone kinda gross that you're not into at all?
Picture this, you are eating breakfast. You have the choice between sausage or bacon. What do you choose? Why?
teens who tried drugs, was it worth it?
What companies are the absolute worst?
Are there McDonald’s still open where you live ?
What long-distance pranks could senior class of 2020 pull that don’t require being at the school?
How is it possible to sing in tune if everyone hears their own voice in a deeper pitch compared to how everyone else hears it?
Writing 2000 words per day, anyone doing it? How does it feel and tips for managing it?
Why the library of alexandria wasn't part of the ancient wonders?
What's the most unlikely way you've seen someone make a lot of money?
If there was a sub like manhunt on reddit would you play and what would be your suggestions for making it better?
What is something that you wish a family member never told you?
When was the last time you felt the need to tell obscenities at somebody and why?
If you had a reality TV show, who would be the star of the show?
What is an artist you love that everyone else hates?
What's the dumbest story that you made up as a kid?
The first thing you touch becomes alive. What do you choose to touch?
Food delivery drivers of reddit, whats your terrible customer story?
What’s the worst food you’ve ever eaten?
What fetish are you too afraid/embarrassed to tell your partner about?
What’s the dumbest reason something is popular?
What's something that made sense to do in the moment, but later made you think "why did I do that?"
gamers of reddit, what made you quit a video game?
What comes easily to most people, but is difficult to do or understand for you?
Gamers of reddit what music do you listen too while gaming?
Smurfs in gaming, what’s the one thing which would grind your gears while you are smurfing?
What’s your favourite slang term?
What's right in this song: Ohhh lay's can you see, by the gods aff ting taw, you're so proud of tim tom, da de lee tam tim tom, do bee do ba ?
When did you know you were going to do something bad, but you still ended up doing it?
people who pour cereal, milk, THEN bowl, how do you do it?
What's the softest thing in the world?
What is something new you've learned about your partner while staying/working at home?
Which YouTuber did you used to like but have stopped watching? Who and Why?
How will Santa deliver his gifts this year?
What celebrity looks shockingly like someone you know?
What is something that you like about yourself?
What's an interesting fact you didn't learn from reddit?
People who moved around a lot, how did you know when you wanted to stay and live in one location?
In a video game, if you come across an empty room with a health pack, extra ammo, and a save point, you know some serious shit is about to go down. What is the real-life equivalent of this?
(Serious) How is the U.S. viewed in other countries history books?
Of you online gamer's out there, what games have you been playing most of as of late?
How do you feel about dating a sex worker?
What seems outdated to you but everyone still uses?
If you could inherit one person in the world’s skill set who would it be?
How many people did you have sex with so far?
Pianists of Reddit, what is your most fun song to play on piano?
what’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever had in your mouth?
What do you wish from Santa this year ?
How do you learn to love yourself?
What is that movie or tv show with 3 brown animals/birds wearing masks?
Why do dates use the "/" symbol to separate m/d/y instead of the "." (04/6/20 vs 04.6.20)?
Ladies, what is something that, if a guy cannot do, you find unattractive?
What was the best April Fools prank that you’ve ever pulled?
What are some of the most badass names that you can think ?
What is the meanest thing you've ever heard someone say?
If your username didn’t mean anything, and people kept asked what you’d be it did, would what you do?
What are the best things we can use virtual reality for?
Who is the most smartest character you’ve seen?
You can say anything you want to say without any consequences. What do you say?
Do you drink coffee, why / why not?
What improvements can you make to society without having to take on the entire world?
[SERIOUS] For the past 3 weeks there aren't any stars on the night sky, only the moon and the Venus star. Why?
What are the most annoying things that Youtubers do that really grind your gears?
What do you guys think will happen if a yandere Meets or falls for a shonen?
What country do incels live in?
In what ridiculous way did you find out your Gf or Bf was cheating on you?
Men, when as a teenager did you really notice yourself gaining muscle and looking not so much like a boy and more like a teenager?
Have you ever bumped into a celebrity in public? If so what were the circumstances and were they nice?
What are some items on your bucket list that you have checked off and that you still want to do?
What are some other shows like Stranger Things?
What will be different about Reddit 15 years from now?
Redditors, What is something that is stupid that makes you go “why do we need this”?
What's the strangest 'lie' you heard that turned out to be true?
What is the one decision that you will regret for the rest of your life ?
If life was a video game, what is the most recent achievement you have unlocked?
What would be the worst movie to offer smell-o-vision?
What story would you tell if you appeared on a chat show?
What is your "too good to be true" story?
What was the peak of your life?
What is the weirdest thing you ever found in a hotel room?
How good are homemade masks are in comparison to real masks? Is there a study that shows less or more effective they are?
What are some best fetish ..?
What activity/show/ etc. do you really enjoy but are too embarrased to tell people?
If you had a single place to shelter in for the rest of your life, with food, drinks, essentials, etcetera, given to you, where would you stay?
Redditors, what kind of people do you dislike &amp; why?
Who is the biggest bitch/bastard you have ever met?
What is your favorite TV show episode?
What defines pretty or attractive feet?
Are you ok? How is quarantining affecting you?
Aside from reading exercising watching movies or playing games, what hobbies and the like have you been working on or doing while in isolation?
Non US citizens what did you learn about the USA in your history class?
What's something that your parents did to punish you that you refuse to do to your own kids ?
How does a Karen die?
how does it feel to die with a heroin overdose?
What song is currently stuck in your head?
Why does some content go viral on reddit without reason?
how important are first impressions to you?
What do you think is an over paid job ?
What's the weirdest/creepiest experience you've ever had with a pet or animal in general?
Which actor/actress would you love to play a future MCU character? And which character would you love them to play?
What's a thrilling movie where the bad guys have the last word?
Who's your favourite person?
What string of good news could save 2020?
what are some weird superstitions you've heard?
Fellow Redditors of culture, what are some of your favorite anime that you think are quite well done?
Who are the meanest celebrities you've met?
Whats the most entertaining thing thats happened in your life?
Have you ever pranked a telemarketer who called you? What happened?
All living beings can trade/swap limbs/body parts amongst any species but can only change up to 3 body parts, what are you trading with what?
Retail workers of Reddit, what is the male version of a Karen?
How would you change history with a time machine ? What are its ramifications ?
What is the best portrayal of a character named Frank in television or movie history?
If you could have any job in the world, what would it be and why?
What's a skill you developed later than most?
If a donut has a hole, and you eat the donut, where does the hole go? Did you eat it?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done that you blamed on someone else?
Teachers of Reddit, what are one of the most genius moments your students have ever done in class?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done, or witnessed while at a work function?
What are some best yo mama jokes?
Do you think inside your head can be a centered line like you can see a single tree on a field, or what is your definition ?
What is your most memorable lucid dream?
Which is the best subreddit to post your YouTube videos?
What are yall excited about once this is over?
you are at a party where there is only one white person. Everyone has their identity concealed. What song do you play to find the white person?
What makes you feel inferior to people?
If you were the appointed leader of your country for one day, what would be your first order of business?
What was your best “I take it back!” Moment?
What do you plan on planting in your yards and gardens this spring?
If Iceman, Frozone, and Elsa were to fight to the death who would win?
Tattoo artists of Reddit... how did you become a tattoo artist? What was the first tattoo that you did?
What's the most realistic dream you've ever had?
What’s the best thing that ever happened to you?
What threat is absolutely guaranteed to make a person do anything you want?
What threat is absolutely guaranteed to make a person do anything you want?
What are your most interesting, disgusting, hilarious, crazy (or any combination of these) intoxicated stories?
What is something you do because you're supposed to do, even though you don't like doing it?
What are your thoughts/feelings on buying gift cards to help support small business, which may go under before being able to use?
During these 'stay at home' times, why does it seem there aren't as many defenders of the Constitution's 1st Amendment, guaranteed right to assemble as 2nd Amendment defenders at any other time?
What is one meal (or bite of food) you will remember forever?
What is your favorite quote and where did you hear it?
What’s that smell you just can’t stand?
What is the “fun fact” you say about yourself during icebreakers?
What skills have you acquired or started to learn at this time sitting at home?
If you could shape shift into one real animal for an hour, what would it be and why?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done while intoxicated?
What are some of the most unexplained/ bizarre websites out there?
What’s your favourite food?
What is your favorite take-out or delivery food right now?
What's the most embarrassing thing you have done at school or in front on your crush?
What's something that you were right about that no one believed until it was too late?
What moments have you realized you and your crush wouldn't work out?
Since we cant shake hands, what are some other methods we may use instead of weak handshakes to make memorable first impressions?
Walkers of Reddit, how many miles are you walking and do you wear a mask when you do go out walking?
Social media "celebs", what was the sweetest message you've ever gotten from a fan?
[Serious] Guys on reddit, what were your signs that girl is the one?
What are some of the benefits of organized religion?
What’s your favorite clothing material and why?
What is the most annoying, blood-boiling thing/behaviour that a boomer can do?
What's your worst "Did I really just say that out loud?" moment?
You can have any superpower of your choosing but the person replying has to give you a side effect, what do you choose?
You just inherited half of all the world's wealth. You can either keep every cent for yourself or distribute it ALL amongst those in need, what do you do?
Aside from the shower, what are some other places that are best to wander off your thoughts?
What is the most underrated US market automobile sold by an American manufacturer ?
What is your work related pet peeves?
What's worth more based on how much time you put into it rather than the value of the thing itself?
Gamers of Reddit, What bothers you most about playing online?
What thing do you want to share but didn't have the opportunity until now?
What is your “screw it” moment you have had?
Linguists of Reddit, why does English have gender-based pronouns? What is so important about indicating the gender of the person one is referring to in the third person?
What are some subreddits that have a really misleading name?
what's a great hobby to get into right now?
What's the story of the dumbest thing you did while learning how to drive?
What are your first thoughts about the Netherlands?
If childbirth is so painful then why do women have more kids?
What is the best way to kill someone and get away with it?
What's something annoying that people do "for old time's sake"?
How many friends have you made on Reddit?
What did you realize you couldn't do even with this much free time?
What story have you embellished so much that you now aren't sure how it actually happened?
What song fills you with joy every time you hear it?
Who is the best?
Skaters of reddit how long did it take from you to learn ollie?
You have a magical chance to learn anything in 1 minute. What do you choose to learn?
What’s one thing that you told your parents while you were on a call and afterwards your friends questioned you about it because they hadn’t heard about that thing before?
What is the most irritating word or phrase in the English language?
Divorce lawyers, what are some of the dumbest reasons married couples have decided to split up?
Redditors, do you believe in true love? Why, why not?
What job do you think is an underpaid job?
What good press up routine would work effectively if stuck to for long enough?
Redditors whose partners earn substantially more/less than you, how does it affect your lives? Has it ever caused any difficulties?
What’s a good show from Britain that is worth binge watching?
What are some good/practical games to play with a group of people over video chat?
What job do you think is an overpaid job?
What things do people do that make them feel weirdly superior?
What’s your getting caught masturbating/having sex story?
What celebrity gives you off vibes?
What are your unique ways to make Ramen Noodles?
What's the one song you could listen to on repeat all day long? Why?
What is considered a rude behaviour in your culture, that might not be in other ones?
(NSFW) Men who like eating women out. How long did it take you to try it?
Pharmacists and people who work with/at pharmacies, what are your strangest stories from the job?
World record holders of reddit, what's your title, and how/why did you do it?
People of Reddit, what stereotype do you believe is completely real?
If you got to choose your own afterlife what would you choose?
With everything that is happening in the world and in your own life, what makes you take a moment to appreciate and feel grateful?
What are some things you’re doing to keep yourself from going insane at home?
[Serious] What is the worst way you found out someone close to you died?
What is something that should be a crime, but isn’t?
Page 3 girls of Reddit, what did your friends and family think about your job?
What did you dream about last night?
Can a Death Row inmate choose how they wish to die? And can they choose what will kill them?
People of the internet, why do you hate us VSCO Girls so much?
What is the creepiest thing you've experienced ?
When do people on section eight and food stamps get stimulus checks to get some weed and cavasier?
What is your party anthem?
If you could go back in time, and be a fly on the wall during any conversation or event in history when and what would it be?
What's the craziest thing your roommate has done?
What’s the worst example you’ve seen of people going against their stated preferences?
(serious) What kind of impact would smartphones and social media have on 9/11 if they were commonplace at the time like they are today? How would the likes of Facebook cope with the overload of people commenting on the news of the attacks?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever done with your friends?
(Serious) What's a reliable online store for motorcycle gear (vests, jackets, helmets, etc) that's actually good quality?
How did your wildest fantasy turn out for you?
What won't YouTube stop recommending to you regardless of your interest in it?
What's your feel better tracklist?
Stuntmen/Stuntwomen of Reddit, what incident(s) completely changed your opinion about a celebrity?
What is the best conversation starter via text or dm?
If a brain aneurysm happens every 18 minutes, then how are we alive right now?
If you could be with any famous person for just one night, who would you choose?
What is the worst thing you done to a loved one that you still regret to this day?
Healthy people of Reddit, what are some tips to help people lose belly fat?
Who is the nudest celebrity you've ever met?
What is the nicest thing someone has done for you online?
What is happiness for you?
What is your favourite fact about your neighbourhood/state/country?
[Serious] Bookworms of Reddit. Which book would you say changed your life, or your perspective of it, and why?
What are your thoughts on Indian food?
To All the Girls - How do you know or feel the guy has feelings for you?
Baristas of Reddit, how do you make a thick Frappe/Coffee Cooler?
whats an example of a time wher "just okay is not okay"?
Reddit, which movie/show has the douchiest protagonist?
Listening to your favorite song now whisks you off to the most likely circumstances where you'd hear it. What happens?
What's something you could say during sex with your partner to completely throw them off their game ?
What question have you always been too embarrassed to ask?
If you had to choose between your dream job and your dream girl/boy which would you pick? And why?
Girls of Reddit, what is something guys do that makes them seem very lazy?
Gamers of reddit where can you play the full version of the original 1993 doom?
You can go back in time to three concerts. what would they be?
How to sing and actually sound decent/good?
For Redditors who play on game consoles, which is the best choice of option to use?
Dear Redditors, what kinds of people do you hate the most and why?
What have you learned during the quarrentine ?
You are now the lead in an adult film version of your favorite movie. What's the name of this new movie and how excited are you about this situation?
People who have written books, novels, novellas, etc. Where/what did you use to design the cover of your book that makes it look professional?
What is the worst crazy advice someone has given you?
What mythical creatures would cause a lot of problems if they existed?
Has anyone ever assumed something about you because of a stereotype? How did you set them straight?
Former vegan/vegetarians of reddit, what made you quit?
Where would you go if you ran away and wanted to start over?
Is there a limit to how much funeral homes can charge in the US?
[Serious] When was a moment you reacted without thinking that wound up saving someone from serious harm or death?
What's a small thing people do in movies, but no one does in real life?
What do you do if you see someone crying?
What makes you feel inadequate to people?
What’s the best way to learn a new language?
People who just swipe right on dating apps, how would you describe your luck on there?
Bosses of Reddit, what was your biggest “sticking up for your employees” moment?
What is the best time to post something on Reddit, maximizing the probability that people, from all different time zones, will read it?
Do you guys know of any website that shows previous planetary alignments?
Redditors with high school classmates who became millionaire, what's their story?
What’s the best way to convince someone to stay at home when their mindset is “You’re just being a pussy.”?
What is a habit you picked up from a roommate?
When you die and a statistic of your life appears before you, which stat would you check out first and why?
Which chocolate would you like to eat on your deathbed?
A zombie apocalypse breaks out. Which fictional character would you partner with to increase your odds of survival?
What’s an activity that you like to do, but hate to watch other people do?
Multi-millionaires of reddit, how did a normal day go by in your daily life? And how does it go now?
why are adult americans obsessed with the fictional romance between teens Finn Wolfhard and Millie Bobby Brown?
What food or combination of food that keep you satiated for the longest time?
People who never owned apple product why?
What was your first exposure to death growing up?
Is hugging someone the new bareback? Why or why not?
What was your rank in high school and what are you doing now?
What's the most valuable thing you destroyed while you were angry?
To all those redditors out there who’ve been shoved into a high school locker and stabbed a couple times, where are you now?
How do you feel about tv stand and coffee table being different colors?
What place feels like your second home?
What would be your very last wish to the humanity?
What is a story about your life you feel you don't get to tell enough?
What's a funny "you put the (blank) in (blank)" joke?
What classic movies a newbie cinephile should watch first?
[Serious] Reddit people, what good thing happened to you after just being kind?
What is something you would change on the female or Male body?
On a scale of 1-55 with 55 being bone hurting juice how would you rate avocados?
Firefighters of reddit, how often do you actually fight fires?
What questions do you have about sociopaths?
What is a song that you really enjoy that you found by mistake or accident?
Which country loves cows the most and why ?
The biggest thing that is next to you is going to save you from the smallest thing next to you, what are they?
What is your favorite 80s song?
Why did you choose to be vegan?
This question is for farmers that voted for Trump, how are you holding up? Do you regret voting for him?
What are the most infamous websites/pictures/videos on the internet ?
What is your last saved comment/post?
Redditors who've never been in love. What is love to you?
What's something you've never done but think you would be good at?
Should the USA Suspend rent, Utilities, bills, ect. If yes why? If no why?
What is one thing you can’t stand on the internet right now?
How did we all just instinctively know reddiquet?
What do you think is completely outrageous but considered pretty normal in your particular society?
Compulsors of Reddit, if you have ever had a compulsion, which one(s) disturbed you to your core?
Are people who frequently fake cry a sociopath, or a psychopath?
What’s are little things that can change your life for the better?
How can you go into lucid dreaming?
College Students of reddit, how are online classes going this quarter?
what do you hate about your life?
Those who were stuffed into a locker as kids, what happened and how did you get out?
If fruits and vegetables were bad for us and sweet foods and junk food was good for us, what would society be like?
Hotel employees/owners of Reddit, what are new features you want to see/have improved in the software of your hotel?
What country would win if only the 10000 strongest men of a country would be able to fist fight in ww3?
During your isolation, in what ways does this make you reconsider what your going to do with your time when/if you ever get to retire?
What’s the worst price of advice you were ever given?
[Serious] Veterans of reddit, what are your stories?
What do you think about parents that uses a leash on their kids when going out to public places?
What are your thoughts on young people’s belief that Justin Bieber, Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, and Drake are the greatest musicians of all time?
If you could have dinner with any dead person, who would you choose and why?
What is something everyone needs to do in their life?
What are some small subreddits that you recommend we all go on?
What is the dummest thing you witnessed a manager/supervisor do to establish that “they are in charge” and have it backfire?
What have you been consuming more frequently now that you’re home more often?
What was the last goal you accomplished? How long ago was it?
What is the most embarrassing way to die?
What's a meal that is incredible but is constantly overlooked?
What satire do you most want to come true?
What would be best the reward for all the essential workers when this is all over?
DND players, what’s the funniest thing rolling a nat 1 has done?
Do you think Russians spying centers worth more than thousands of Rambo and Bruce W. movies, even if you're Republican or Arianator and how ?
Mr beast gives you 10000 dollars. How do you react and what do you buy?
What would be your Bond Girl name?
What are your favorite Joe Pesci movie roles?
Weird people of reddit, how are you wierd?
What is the one thing in your life that you're proudest of?
What’s the proudest moment of your life?
What thing did someone do, that made you think/say “We gotta go right now”?
What movie scene in older movies feel weird in this PC world?
What's something that everyone can agree on?
What is, by far, the greatest/most savage comeback you've ever heard or given?
What is something other than a birthday or holiday such as Christmas that you look forward to every year?
What is your favorite album of the past 20 years?
What happened that made you question reality or the laws of physics?
What's the weirdest thing you've walked in upon?
What advice sounded really good, but once you followed it turned out to be really bad?
Do you think splatoon 2 is still relevant and why?
While isolated, In what ways have you been experimenting with your food/cooking?
[Serious] How do you learn to value yourself more?
What are some tips to stay sober from weed?
What movie title would you give for the year 2020?
What's your highest played song in your iTunes library and whats it's play count?
What is your favorite festival you attend or have attended?
Redditors What was a thing you were looking up for this year but will have to pass on ??
If you could go back in time and undo the single most painful thing you've lived through up to this point - would you? Why or why not?
We all hear about women giving the niceguys a chance, but men of Reddit, what happened when you gave the nicegirl a chance?
What made you quit watching TV?
What broke at your house at the start of home isolation that you are now just living without?
What is really unattractive in porn?
What story do you continue to tell in conversations, over and over?
What is the lowest price you'd sell your soul for?
Where do old doctors get their drug information?
How delusional has a friend/family member been about their relationship they were in? What were their craziest excuses?
What random acts of kindness can you do online/over the phone?
What's the best feeling in the world?
The wife was ordering from Panda Express but accidentally typed out 'Panada'. This gave rise to the concept of Canada entirely inhabited by Pandas. So, what's it like in Panada?
Which movie psychologically affect you the most?
What do you like most about rainy days?
The color of your shirt is your first name and the last food you ate is your last name. What is your name?
How has your university going online affect your studies?
What do you like from a person?
Do you think it’s okay to edit the files of a game you bought for yourself? Why or why not?
How much time a day do people spend on reddit?
If you could live in any videogame world, which would you choose?
What’s your weird flex?
For those of you who made a fake dating profile specifically to find your spouse and convince them to cheat on you with the fake you just so you can catch them being unfaithful so you can break up, how'd that turn out?
People who are not easily scared, What impresses/concerns you in a horror movie ?
What do you hate most about your country?
Drivers of Reddit, what do you put in your winter emergency kit in your car?
Women of Reddit what is it that your boyfriend/husband does that pretty much makes you a puddle in the bedroom?
Couples of Reddit, how do you resolve arguments without letting them escalate into major fights and and silent treatment?
What is something that decides whether or not a first date is just a hook up or a potential relationship?
What's your favorite dessert (Want to try something new)?
What was the moment at which you decided to have kids ?
What are the best browser or free games to play with a non-gamer friend or SO that allow more then one computer?
Would you let a life size ultra realistic Macho Man Randy Savage robot have sex with your wife why or why not?
What are some conspiracy theories about c-19?
Now that we're using Zoom and online conferencing for everything - what's the most embarrassing, hilarious, inappropriate thing you've seen/heard on a video conference these past few weeks?
Why is everything that disagrees with the Trump administration, considered fake news?
People of Reddit, what was the dumbest thing your parents fell for?
What color (or color scheme) best matches the idea of "redemption" and why do those choices best represent the idea?
If you were a character in a tv show what would people think of you?
Which subreddit does this statement belong under: helmets impeded natural selection from culling the human population. Seems sars cov-2 and mother nature have found a way to thwart this human protective invention?
If you were on naked and afraid what would you not want your partner to bring?
How do people go insane?
Who’s the most famous/infamous member of your family?
Cats of Reddit, why do you think being cute and cuddly for 20 seconds will get you extra food?
Lock down edition: how often do you shower?
What’s the healthiest way to get a buzz?
What is a good snack that won't get your keyboard or controller greasy or dirty?
What are some famous laws/rules/decisions made that ended up halting/hindering the progress of humanity?
What do you do when you’re drunk?
[Serious] what corporations or products have or are currently being found guilty of poisoning people or developing chemicals that were later found out to be harmful to human health (eg: radium, Teflon)?
Brides/Grooms of weddings, how did you deal with psycho/entitled in-laws?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard?
What's the longest argument you've ever been involved with?
Which actor most dreaded going into work in the morning?
You're 40. What will you watch on TV today(so many throwback stations), that you liked as a kid? What holds up and what is crap?
You are immortal. You can choose your age and never be physically harmed. BUT you have to listen to the same song in full every day. The first day you miss it, you die. What is the song?
What was your process when pressing charges? is it like the movies?
Where would one go to start a petition to get Mass Effect 1-3 remastered?
What is the best speech ever made?
What's something that happens all the time in movies but almost never in real life?
What is the most evil person in fiction?
What’s the best karma story you’ve heard / experienced?
Why are emojis forbidden on Reddit 🤔?
Children of criminals. What crime did your parent commit and how did you find out?
Hey y’all. Ever had gold digging friends? If so, how did you know?
What wild animal going extinct would cause the most harm to humans?
What’s the reason for dependents above the age of 18 not to get a stimulus check?
If using Clippy in the Microsoft Office apps began a story mode, what would some storylines be for each app?
What are your romantic fantasies?
(Wrong answers only) How do you think companies will treat their “essential workers” after this is over?
When someone is found innocent on a trial, but they've already spent time in jail waiting for the trial, what happens?
[Serious] Formerly secular religious people of reddit, what convicted you to follow your specific religion?
What policies has Trump implemented that has personally affected your day to day life? The good and the bad?
Redditors who bought/rented a(n) house/apartment that was supposedly haunted, was it haunted?
[Serious] What is the most disturbing or most terrifying thing you’ve witnessed or discovered?
Whats a simple way you can cheer yourself up after a bad day?
what’s the last thing you usually think of before you go to sleep?
Would you ever do porn? If so, what's the main thing holding you back?
Do you automatically thank someone is stupid because they used to be a drug addict- why?
Dark souls veterans, what is you favorite part of the souls series?
What do you miss the most to your gf/bf right now, other than the typical?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
Death is nothing but ___________, how will you fill this up?
How long have you been in self isolation?
The protagonist of the last book you read is coming to kill you. How fucked are you?
How did you turn your passion into a job?
Truck drivers with big rigs. What can we do in our cars to make your lives easier?
Lawyers of reddit, what was the dumbest reason the opposing side was proven not guilty/ your client proven guilty with?
Would you be in favor of switching license plates to 3 emoji instead of strings of random, alphanumeric characters? Why or why not?
Schnoodledoodledo is a famous Reddit poet. What do you think his/her real job is?
What's one food that the first bite you took you instantly had a foodgasm?
What are your top five chips/crisps to snack on?
Have you ever started to like a perfume/cologne scent (one you wouldn’t traditionally like) because of the person wearing it? How did your mind start to change?
What made you say, “Why does this thing exist and where can I find more of it?”
If you had a nose as powerful as a dogs and free reign to go where you liked. What would you seek out to smell first?
What's the best thing that has happened to you recently? How about the worst?
What words or phrases are Red Flags that the user is an idiot?
How come Reddit hates vegans and vegetarians?
If social media was around the 90s, which artist would have had the best content?
What subject matter could you give at least a 30 minute speech on with no preparation?
How is everybody’s day going so far?
What is the longest you’ve went without masturbating?
How would you describe what you do for a living to make it either sound super badass or incredibly weird, without revealing what you actually do?
Redditors, how many social network accounts do you have?
What is an occupation that not many people think of but actually pays really well?
What is something that irritates you that is irrational?
What is a ‘silly’ thing you would actually break up with someone over pretty much immediately?
What was the greatest time of your life?
What shows did watch in a relationship, then quit after broken up? Why?
People who have been to North Korea, what is it like?
So how have you been during all this?
What is the greatest pet name you've ever heard?
What is the coolest thing you've drawn?
You get to choose what you reincarnate as but, it can only be a animal. What do you choose?
Weebs of reddit, What do you think about some of the biggest anime youtubers defending lolicons and the portrayal of lolis in modern anime?
What's your tired but can't sleep boring tv show that helps you fall asleep?
You’ve got one song to get someone else to like your favorite artist with— what song do you choose?
(Wrong Answers Only) What's your favourite mexican dish?
How is the United States portrayed in other countries history text books?
What's one of the most audacious/terrible things you can remember that got everyone talking for a brief period, but given time, everyone forgot about it, due to collective short term memory?
If you were given £1,000,000,000 and told to make as much money as possible, what would you do?
Hey Reddit, what are you binge watching during this quarentine?
Parents of reddit, what is something other parents do that make you absolutely cringe?
Do you want the good news first or the bad (and why)?
What is an important lesson that today’s children are not being taught?
How did someone just throw away his life?
What album changed your life?
Lay people of Reddit, what is the most surprising thing you had to correct an expert or professional about in their field, that you knew for a fact was demonstrably wrong? how did you acquire this knowledge?
Lawyers of reddit. What did you do in a case of a raped victim with Stockholm syndrome?
XBox players of Reddit, what makes it better than the Playstation? And Playstation players, what makes it better than the XBox?
People who met their partner online, how did your friends/ families react?
What are some funny things that have happened during this shift to online school/work?
How does the current global climate compare to other times of global tension (Cold War etc.)?
When’s the last time you lost your cool?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What personality traits you wish everyone had regardless of gender?
What are things that you only appreciate after they’re gone?
How would you make yourself comfortable during panic attack ?
Who has tried putting their hair in braids/buns after getting a spiral perm? Is it a good idea to do so?
Redditors, which porn site is 2nd except pornhub?
Cops of reddit. What's the saddest thing you've seen on the job?
What are some everyday things people say that would sound very ominous if said in a Batman voice?
What's the best way for a young person to live in order to lessen decrepitude in their elder years?
What was the best way you ever quit a job?
Which piece of pop culture has negatively affected you?
If you put magnets in your pocket will you become attractive? Why?
What's your favorite mad scientist movie?
What TV shows you wouldn't regularly watch have you gotten into?
There are no stupid questions, but what is the dumbest question you've ever asked/been asked?
Why people like Jojo's posses?
What was your first videogame and what do you like about it?
What cringy and dumb things did you do just to impress your crush?
Where will they drop the first nuke?
What's the saddest thing you've witnessed that wasn't supposed to be sad?
Dog owners of Reddit, what is something your dog did that you will never forget?
For a beginner like myself, what's everything you need to successfully catfish someone?
What's your best "Fire me, I fucking dare you" moment from work?
Which is that one profession you think is the best?
What is the funniest memory you have?
A family member just coughed. What do you do?
If you had one week to live, what would you do?
What food do people think is from somewhere else in the world but is actually from your country?
You have an old car that won't start and is in terrible condition, how do you get rid of it?
How long do you think the shutdown will last for untill it's safe for things to go back to normal?
What is your story of, " Enough is enough. I need to fix my situation and get my life back on track " ?
What is the best mistake you have ever made?
Pregnancy announcement over Zoom? We just found out through the power of magic pee strips we be pregers with our second kiddo (first is 1.5yrs). We have a recurring zoom with family on Tuesdays. What is a fun/clever/ingenious way to announce over Zoom?
Do Americans know what lingon or physalis are?
What's something you did during quarant1ne that you would never have done otherwise?
Billy Mays has come back from the dead to save humanity in its hour of need. What's the first thing he does?
What would a nightly podcast of trump and pence be like?
What common things would be considered "oddly satisfying" if they were invented today?
What is the modern day equivalent of not believing in God ?
Redditors who are dating their cousin, has it ever been weird at family reunions? If so, how?
(Serious) With peace, love and respect, how come there are so many more Chinese people than any other group if we all developed our civilizations at the same time?
What’s a time first impressions was wrong?
What was your first phone?
Which is the best superpower to have?
Doctor says you have 10 minutes to live. Which song would you go and listen?
What's a movie/animation/game trope you hate and annoys you?
[Serious] How do you attract and befriend hard partiers?
What would you think about a foreigner who has moved to your country recently but they don't speak the language perfectly yet so they still making mistakes while talking? What would you think of them?
Suppose in 2019 you were told that several million people would lose their jobs in 2020. What would you assume happens in 2020?
How would you feel about society collectively renaming bullying to "peer abuse," and bullies being labeled as abusers?
what’s your home state and what city do you like the most in it?
What is the greatest children’s picture book of all time?
What is a confidence boost that ugly people should try?
Who stands to profit from the sale of hydroxychloroquine?
What was your dream that actually became reality?
the year is 2077, what's the most stupid yet cool cyber-augmentation you can get?
Disney owns a lot of stuff if it were to shut down how would it affect you?
People who are capable of lucid dreaming: under what circumstances is it most likely to happen?
People of Reddit, why do you hate us Basic Girls?
What Monkey’s paw wish has no flaws?
What frame rate do our eyes see the world in?
who‘s your favorite and least favorite marvel character? why?
What are you worst at? How often it makes you feel bad?
What is a bone island in plain English?
What Prediction that was said on Reddit actually came true in real life?
Lawyers of reddit who actually like being a lawyer, why do you like your job?
What non sexual action or item turns you on?
Whats the slickest thing you did as a teenager?
[Serious] What is a good item to fidget with at your home office?
How many showers did you take last week?
What's a song that never fails to cheer you up?
Redditors who are still working, what's your job like now versus before?
Where do you hope humanity is in 100 years?
You've just walked into Chernobyl and will be prone to mutating due to the nuclear fallout there. However, you get to pick what this mutation is. What do you want it to be?
What things would have been different if Bill Gates was the president instead of Trump?
Where's the first place you're going when life gets back to normal?
What is the most relatable quote you've ever seen/heard?
You died and you get a choice to go to heaven or hell, which one do you choose?
What is the best meme of the last decade?
Married people of reddit. What is one thing your partner could do that would instantly make you happier in your marriage?
What are those throwback moments that brings you embarrassment?
Gamers of reddit, what do you want to see more/less of in games?
What should the 8th wonder of the world be?
Who is your unconventional celebrity crush?
Without anymore income-- how many weeks, months, years do you have until you're in financial ruin?
Venomous snake keepers of reddit what is your close call moment with your most dangerous snake?
So World, with everything being upside down, and compounding problems, how bad might 2020 be fucked?
Service workers of Reddit, what have you seen inside/outside people’s homes that shocked you?
Which dinosaurs will come back due to a lack of human activity?
What flaws do you find in the general reddit community?
What did someone said that made you go "you're gonna regret it"?
Theoretically how long can one nofap?
When did the quiet kid snap and what did they do?
What are some VERY creative insults you've heard or come up with?
Can anyone put it into words why it feels genuinely impossible to get out of bed when you’re depressed?
How to increase attention span to read a book, watch something or to do anything productive ?
What is the one thing that you think every guy must know about her girl but rarely does?
How would one go about sharing an ubereats code with the intent of another user applying that code at checkout?
Extroverts, what do you want the world to know about you?
Picky eaters of Reddit, how do you survive going out to eat with friends, family, or colleagues?
What did you do after getting bored of porn and binging both streaming and snacks this month?
You’re a superhero now, which song do you listen to while saving the world for certain destruction?
whats the most heartbreaking thing a romantic partner has ever told you ?
People who skipped smoking years ago, how do you feel about it now?
What rabbit hole did you fall into on the internet?
What master degree is/or will be more desirable in the future: a masters in cyber security or a masters in financial engineering/quantitative finance?
Citizens of Reddit, what would have happened if the world wars never ended?
How many enjoy using reddit? What did you experience?
What is the absolute worst advice anyone has ever given you?
What is the game you loved the most as a child and now as an adult?
What is the best way to end a telephonic conversation ?
Essential workers during the current crisis, how's it going? What keeps you going into work every day? Is there something you'd like the public to know?
What are your weirdest habits?
What were the weirdest fake news you've ever seen?
What is the thing you're most proud you achieved in life?
In these times of sneaky recipe-changing and product shrinkage, what snack food is nothing like it used to be? Are there any that have improved?
How do you guys come up with these questions?
What is the best hiccup remedy and why is it a spoonful of peanut butter?
What's the most likes you ever got in IG, YouTube, or Twitter?
2020 has been a crazy historical 3 months so far, what really mind blowing thing like alien contact, could happen in the next 9 months that would make current events seem like nothing?
Karens of reddit, what do you think abou all the jokes addressed to your name?
What's your Ask Reddit post that you were hoping would take off but did not?
How do/did you deal with emotionally pain relating to a family member(s) illness that probably will result in death in the next few years?
Who is someone really famous in your country that we have never heard about?
Do you think Donald Trump should pardon Joe Exotic? Why or why not?
(Serious) When did you realize that maybe you were the toxic one? When and how did you change?
What food combination sound disguising but is good once you actually try it?
What good theories do you have about famous mysteries?
What are some of the absolute worst subreddits?
What is something you would say to end a conversation over text that you wouldn't say in person?
What's a good subreddit for asking people opinions on problems with long stories?
You find a subreddit that seems to be your life: All your actions are posts, and people comment on everything you do. Though it's anonymized enough that it (technically) may not be you. What's the first thing that you do?
Redditors at home this month without a strict schedule, how have your awake/asleep patterns changed? Is it better or worse than before?
What are some things that most people consider a flaw; but is something that you really value?
What is something that you never realized was a play on words or a joke?
What first impression made someone look “smart”? Did that impression hold up?
What is your ideal date?
Fast food/chain restaurants workers, what should we never order?
How’s Hawaii doing during this time?
If your parents told you today that you were adopted, would you want to know who your birth parents were?
Guys of reddit, what's something you still dont understand about women?
Why do we park in a driveway and drive down a parkway?
What music concert were you really looking forward to only to be disappointed after? What was the reason?
Which mythical creature falling in love with you, would mean you are the most (metaphorically) fucked?
At what age should you tell your child they are adopted?
Who should we be paying fromage to right now?
[Serious] What is non-negotiable for you in personal relationships?
What is something someone said and you thought they were joking around but they were dead serious?
What is the funniest thing you ever did as a child?
What is your salary? Are you happy with it?
What is something you wish you didn't know?
What is your salary? Are you happy with it?
What is the prettiest love song you've heard to this day?
What is your salary? Are you happy with it?
How many photos do you have on your phone?
What is your salary? Are you happy with it?
Students, what was your best kahoot moment?
What is your longest nofap?
People who have "exploding head syndrome", how bad is it and does it happen often?
When things go back to normal, what permanent changes will become part of life?
If you've ever had to "put your money where your mouth is", where did you end up putting that money?
How would you break someone you really hate psychologically?
What apps have changed your routine for the better?
What would you not do, even if it meant death for you to hold to your convictions?
People who believd in Y2K or 2012 did you do anything to survive?
What is your once in a while treat you buy yourself at the grocery store?
How to make an awkward moment during sex?
People who aren’t physiognomist, how do you deal with?
What is your favourite Quentin Tarantino film?
What are some good names for a male Australian Shepherd?
Why do you like to be alive?
Have you seen a dogs face when they are extremely happy? Well what’s your dogs “I am happy” face?
What will the reaction be if Trump fires Fauci?
How do you plan to protect your home if people start looting and rioting?
Do you think that teens swollow better His or Her juicy fruits, and how ?
What do you like and dislike about your village/town/city?
How are you today?
What do you love/hate about your life?
Why do the Nordic countries have high amounts of billionaires per capita despite their high taxes?
What made you lose interest in your crush?
What is your earliest memory?
You get to be 10/10 in looks for only 24 hours, what do you do?
What is something that the current situation has taught you?
What’s something you enjoy that most people don’t?
What's the funniest insult someone's said to you?
What loading screen tips for real life would appear if they could appear for a newborn child in the womb right before birth if life was just a game?
Fellow men of Reddit, what would you do if you had the ability to suck your own dick?
What's a word so beautiful more people should start using it?
Sandwiches: Cut diagonally or straight across? Why?
What's your a quote that has really stuck with you over the years?
What are some things other cultures do that Americans could definitely learn from?
What's the best way to motivate yourself and stop procrastinating?
Which life lesson do you wish you learned sooner, rather than later?
[NSFW] [Serious] What turns you on?
What is the “thing” that happened in your family that nobody talks about?
Teachers of Reddit, what is your best story about a student who was clearly high?
What is something random you dreamt that had no relation to that day or your situation at the time and it actually happened later?
Which are some very good TV series(no police series) of 2010s?
The last picture taken on your phone will be tattooed on someone's back. Who do you choose and why?
If your username was related to your death, how would you die?
Redditors who quit watching porn, what was your reason for doing so?
What is the purpose of being alive?
How did you meet your SO?
What animal do you keep as pet and what is its name?
Docs of reddit, if a person usually has a "normal" body temp of 96.5°F would it be considered a fever if it goes up to 99.1°F? If not why isn't it considered a fever? If it is a fever how do you explain it to a doctor face to face?
If you had one question for your country leader what would you ask him/her?
Pregnancy tests should have at least 20 questions and given to both the male and female before they have sex that could result in a child. What are the questions?
What are gas prices near you right now?
What's the most common lie?
Murphy's law states: "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer." What are the best ways of applying this law you've seen?
People who are angry, who are you mad at?
People that have/had anger problems, what was your worst explosion?
What are some embarrassing moments you caused or you witnessed during a work conference call?
What hobby destroyed your body?
What would you do if you became a child again?
What would you do if you became a child again?
What would you do if you became a child again?
What if Alpha Centauri and the sun swapped places?
What website can you spend hours on without getting bored?
What do you like to listen to when you workout/run/walk?
If you could work anywhere and do anything, what would it be?
What is the best insult you can give without cursing?
What is the hardest language you have ever learnt and why?
How do you politely tell people(coworkers, friends) to cover their bloody mouth and nose when they sneeze/cough?
People who are generally well liked by a lot of people, what does it feel like?
What would your death row meal be?
What is the most inspirational quote you know?
With all the negativity going around, what's one thing you really like about Reddit and Redditors?
[Serious] People who have been "possessed" by ghosts, did you fake it or was it real? If so, what did it feel like?
Did Carole Baskins kill her husband, what do yall think?
Redditors who are listening to music right now, what song is playing at this very moment?
What's keeping you positive?
As an adult, what are some ways to become more worldly and intelligent when you can’t afford school or travel?
How much time do you spend during the day fantasizing about murdering politicians?
What hill are you coming close to dying on?
Reddit, aliens always attack big cities in the films, what impact would happen if they attacked where you live instead?
what object would you bring to the platform and why?
Is it possible to be so nice that you end up being mean or vice versa, if so how ?
How to stay sober from weed?
Who has the most karma on Reddit?
Love Ketchup but hate Tomatoes. What's a similarly illogical thing about you?
Notaries of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have notarized?
What is the best cure for a hangover?
Police officers of Reddit, where is the “drawing line” for pulling someone over for speeding or recklessly driving?
What's the worst thing about your generation?
[Serious] Reddit, who’s the most evil person to ever exist?
Italian, Spanish and French people of reddit, how had the public opinion shifted regarding other european countries, especially towards germany and the netherlands?
Why do some parents love one child over the other ?
Why didn't ancient India or China build an empire when they dominated economically and culturally?
You can drive any car in the world around any track in the world. What car/track do you pick and why?
Women of Reddit, have you ever encountered a man simping for you? If so, how?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what is the common stereotype you’ve heard about America?
What are some positives that have happened to you or someone you know due to everything happening in the world right now?
You can perform magic for 24 hours. You cannot conjure money with your wizardry. How do you make the most of your power?
Pizza delivery drivers, what special instructions do you like to receive from online orders?
What is your favorite song by an artist that wasn’t a single, so most people might not know about it?
What's your favorite 90's movie?
What’s a collaboration, of any kind, that nobody wanted?
If you woke up tomorrow and everyone on the planet aside from yourself was inexplicably vanished, what would your next few weeks look like?
Which A-list actress would win in a Mortal Kombat-style tournament with the others?
What is an app on your phone (besides Reddit) that you’re never going to delete?
People that think 2019 is still worse for you than 2020, what happened in 2019?
When is it all going to go back to normal?
You have a Pocket universe and you have to keep it a secret or else you die. You can enter and leave it and time will pause when you go inside and then when you leave time resumes and you can put things in and take them out. how will you use this power without anyone knowing?
What is the definition of bad taste?
What’s the WORST part of your daily routine?
What's your go-to karaoke song?
You get endless riches, a beautiful home, a perfect job, a nice family... but your crotch perpetually itches. Badly. Do you accept it, and why?
Nurses of reddit what is the worst patient experience you have ever had?
Teen boys on Reddit, why do you take such long showers?
how many death smells have you encountered near your place of commute?
If our brains could orgasm from stimulation other than touch (music, sight, etc) what would your brain need for it to orgasm?
What’s the weirdest thing in your browser history, SFW?
What silly thing can you do but are quite proud of?
[Serious] What's the friendlier way to say "Fuck you"?
Ex-Cons of Reddit, what are some of the best hiding places you have come up with?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've seen happen to someone else?
How different the world would have been today if all other subspecies were present?
What do you think is the best feeling in the world?
Dads who make dad jokes, why do you enjoy making dad jokes?
Grocery store workers, who was the strangest or most interesting customer you've ever encountered?
What is the name of the WhatsApp group, that you have with your friends and why?
What is the best pick up line?
How many more weekends do you think you have left?
What is the historical equivalent of the modern day vegan activist?
[Serious] How to get drafted (not voluntarily joining) in USA?
What weird thing attracts you?
Pick your favorite movie. All the characters are now played by muppets. Which muppet replaces which character?
Retailers of reddit... if your store has shut down operations, how are you protecting your assets until the store can reopen?
What's your favourite foreign phrase?
What are things that schools should stop doing?
What was the strangest thing someone has sent you, meaning to text a different contact?
Teachers, how often do you get called mom/dad?
How did Nemo’s fin get damaged when the attack on his home happened while he was still an egg? Had he developed fins already by that early stage of his life?
Former/ Current cheapskates of Reddit, what is one 'life hack' that actually saves you lots of money?
How do the stimulus checks work? Are they to be paid back, or do they come out of tax refunds?
Creative people of Reddit what is the funniest dare you came up with, and did they really do it?
What is the best game on the Nintendo switch?
What are some holly shit moments in gaming that you will never forget?
What is cute/nice online, but disturbing or creepy irl?
What are some good Xbox One games to play with a 3 &amp; 5 year old?
Couples of reddit do you miss your significant other? Why?
In your opinion what differentiates the widows who never enter another serious relationship from those widows who never do?
Married/engaged men of Reddit: When did you realize, "This is the girl I'm going to marry." ?
You have one minute to create an interesting movie plot, what would it be ?
What are some good things to say to a person when neither of you obviously don’t want the chat to end but have run out of things to talk about?
What movie/TV series/comics were better than their original books/literature?
Reddit, what accents do you find attractive that aren’t popular?
Girls of Reddit, what are signs that you gave to guys that flew over their heads?
What's simething rediculous you saw asked here yesterday?
What's the backstory behind your username?
What is a story you and your friends tell a new friend when they become apart of your group?
What is your REAL ghost story?
What is something you only need to buy once in your life?
[Serious] Drivers of reddit, what's the most terrifying thing that's happened while driving?
You get one wish, what do you wish for?
what's your favorite attribute about your partner/crush?
How was the biggest real life plot twist that you have ever witnessed?
What is something socially acceptable for men to do but not for women?
What was a scary moment in your life that turned out to be nothing terrifying?
Music Lovers of Reddit, What is your favorite Beatles song?
If you could give yourself an attribute, and it will apply to you, what would it be?
Who/What are You Watching Online (YouTube, Twitch, Mixer, Etc.) to Keep you Entertained During This time?
What are some words people try to insult you with that are so weak?
When has a dream affected real life?
Hunters, what is the scariest thing you saw/met on your hunt?
Why do the people take pictures in the bathroom and not in other rooms?
What clothing or do you own that you have no idea how you got?
what's your favorite physical attribute about your partner/crush?
what's your favorite physical attribute about yourself?
Creative and clever Redditors, what *positive* opportunities are you finding and taking advantage of right now?
Reasonably well off workers of Reddit without a degree, how did you make it to where you are?
Which incident/moment/post on Reddit made you realise the "Power of Reddit"?
People who say 'nice try FBI', why won't you let us find dirt against you?
What's your "oh, but it gets worse" story?
People who say “accrost” instead of “across”: Why?
What new skill or knowledge have you acquired while staying at home?
What is one trend that you absolutely hate?
What is the one interaction with a stranger that has really stuck with you?
What is the point of making posts if only very few people respond? Any kind of talk is welcome?
If you were stuck on an island and could eat only hotdogs or meat balls what would you choose and why?
what is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?
What do a lot of people mutually agree or disagree on?
What's the best open tab you have "kept for reading later" you would like to share?
What are hints you gave a person that flew over their head?
What is something interesting about your small town?
What are some online classes from master class, or anywhere, that will actually give you the tools to improve your life directly and how you interact with others?
What is a hobby or recreational activity you hope never gets a licensing exam?
What's your crush's name?
What is something you believed was normal when you were a kid, that turned out to be the exact opposite?
How are you guys staying sane in these BORING days?
Do you think it's important to live in a democracy? Why or why not?
what’s your favorite cheesy pick-up line? have you ever used it in real life?
Which language is the sexiest &amp; why?
If you could become the new CEO or owner of a company, what would it be and why?
What song just screams "grocery store checkout music" to you?
The news channel in your country gives you a minute. What will you transmit?
Are there people who had a difficulty to recognise what they really like to do as a hobby/job at an adult age? Do you find your 'cup of tea' by chance or by smth else?
What do you say to in your head when you finally understand something? It might be a theory, maths problem, software problem, someone's point of view... A couple that come to mind are 'gotcha', 'get it' - but what do you say to yourself?
When did you think you can continue what you’re currently doing for the rest of your life as far as career is concerned?
How is zoom better than facetime ?
If 2020 was a person, who would it be and why?
Young people of reddit who still live at home, what do you look forward to doing when you live by yourself, that you don't do in your parents' house?
What subreddits are so weird that you have concerns about the people in them?
who inspires you? who do you aspire to be like?
How many rounds would it take you to beat a prime Michael Jordan at a 3-point contest?
What did you recently realize you have been wrong about for a long time?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen that no one believes?
What's your advice for Thomas Jefferson?
If you could bring any historical figure from the past to now, who would it be and why?
What's the worst thing to eat or drink right after brushing your teeth?
What strange/funny Translation did you find?
What do you do when you feel sad?
For those raised Catholic: How have the values inherent of Catholicism influenced your sexual identity?
When you were new to a job, what was the weirdest thing you've seen other employees who've been longer to that job do?
If people born on Earth are earthlings, and people born on Mars will be martians, what will we call people born on the moon?
Girls on reddit, what are some signs that you show that you like someone such as your crush?
Why does facial hair and head hear keep growing but body hair doesn't?
Why is your Mom or Mother Figure a Warrior?
what is something you can learn/know right now in 10 minutes that will be useful for the rest of your life?
If you could change anything about the world, what would it be and what would it mean for the rest of us?
What are some impressive yet easy to learn skills and tricks?
What is your least favorite song from your favorite artist?
What would you do if you met you?
Reddit cops, what inexplicable horror did you encounter?
What movie is funny no matter how old it is and how many times you’ve seen it?
Reddit military folk, whats a fun humorous story from your time in basic training?
What are your thoughts on teacher’s pay now that a lot of us are teaching from home?
Which is your favourite season (Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter) and why is that your favourite?
People who ecountered with racism against white people. What is your story?
What is the sexiest movie that isn’t classified as porn you have ever seen?
Redditors who have identity theft protection like info armor, life lock, etc... Has it worked, and what was your experience?
What’s your most cringeworthy moment?
What song describes you / is your theme song?
Each orgasm you have from now on will cost you $100 (or your country's equivalent). How does this change your life?
What are the best things that have happened as a result of you rescuing an animal?
When will Cincinnati finish building their subway?
(Serious) What lyrics have you been singing wrong the whole time, and what are the actual lyrics?
What Reddit feature needs to be updated/improved and why?
What qualities should a man have?
What is your favourite expression/saying?
With a lot of us being at home due to current events, cooking can sometimes get a bit repetitive. What is your go to meal for dinner when you want to change things up?
What was the worst thing someone said/did to you before you broke up?
What does a telephone pole do?
Swedes get the "vårkänsla" the first sign of spring, what's your country's equivalent?
Girls of reddit - Why do guys compliment girls everytime but girls never compliment guys?
What are ways to make 1+1 complicated?
People of Reddit, what are your awkward eye contact stories?
What thing about yourself has it cost you to accept?
What is your hobby?
What is something you’re nostalgic for that you really shouldn’t be?
Do you think a high amount of billionaires in a country is a good thing or a bad thing? Why?
Where did the phrase, “here goes nothing” come from?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen/done in the bathroom?
Redditors, in your personal opinion, what js the most important part of a hug to make it feel even more special to the recipient?
[serious] Pharmacists of Reddit, what is the weirdest/strangest thing you've seen at work?
People who live off grid, how is it going?
What is the criteria for a good meme?
You're immediately transported 20 feet to your left. How has life changed for you?
ADHD users of reddit, what is your hardest challenge to overcome when dealing with attention deficit?
Ever wave at someone who wasn’t waving at you?
What are you going to do this easter?
1 Assumption is the mother of all f*** ups, what are some famous assumption and their f***ups?
People who still use SMS, what do you use it for and why?
Considering the room and setting surrounding you right now, what would most logically kill you?
What are some eerie stories that gives you creep but isn't technically a horror one?
Why are men not allowed to cry?
How to install prescription glasses on sunglasses?
What would your dream house be? Describe it in detail?
What job title would you want, without having to do any of the work?
What is something, good or bad, that someone said you you that has always stuck?
What is your way to relieve stress?
What are some things you can to your best friend when their father passes away tragically?
How did you get through your emo phase, and what was the worst or cringiest thing you did?
What is something that took you way too long to realize it is not normal?
What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a day?
What "based on a true story" movies are completely inaccurate to what they're supposed to portray?
Is jealousy good or bad? Why?
What's the oldest guy would you date and why ?
What is the worst scandal you have been personally involved in?
What’s more important than toilet paper?
How can you improve your conversation skills? What works for you?
What questions will we never know the answer to and why?
What trait did a friend/partner have that ultimatley ended up ruining your relationship?
Employees of Reddit: What have you done at work that absolutely should've got you fired from your job, but didn't?
What are you gonna eat for lunch?
Atheists of reddit who still attend church regularly- Why do you do it?
Police officers of Reddit, when passing by people speeding but you don't pull them over and you see them slow way down because they have seen you do you find that funny?
What are some movies that get better on the second viewing?
Where do all of the monetary donations to change.org go?
What is the creepiest thing a kid told you (or did) in school?
What do you talk to your dog about?
What's the most embarrassing prank you fell for?
You're in the middle of a porno with a latex clad dominatrix, what game do you pretend to play on the powered off controller you're holding while she reams you?
Which corporate phrase really chaps your ass the most?
What are good ways to deal with stress?
People of reddit, how tall are you?
What’s your favorite song to sing in the shower?
How often do people experiencing multi-organ failure recover after surgery to replace the organ that caused the cascade in the first place?
How would you make Animal Crossing rated M?
What planet or colony would you chose to live on if all sci-fi planets from any universe was an option?
Marine biologist of reddit, what are some aspects of your job?
What memory makes you cringe the most?
What made you realise you were being abused? (Serious)
What’s a dumb way to die?
What is something paranormal your pet has done or been involved in?
What's the most surprising thing you learned about a teacher?
How much do you have to put in a baked potato to make it loaded?
Those who moved to Québec from another province/country, what were the pros and cons?
Anons of reddit, what was the most disturbing thing you've seen on 4chan?
If famous people from history were still alive and used Reddit, what subreddits would they be most active in?
Public school kids that switched to a private school. What moment solidified you aren’t in public school anymore?
The sentence: don’t objectify women, has “women” as the object of the sentence. What are some other ironic instances?
What’s been the best “life hack” that you still use today?
[Serious]Why do globalists, communists, socialists all hate/fear Trump so much?
How will the world remember this year so far?
What "Home Remedy" do you swear works despite scientific proof that it shouldn't?
What is the title of the song that is playing right now while reading this?
Redditors with small businesses, what's it like?
What is a good blog/website to binge-read?
After global health crisis is over, you find out that you inadvertently caused the whole thing. What did you do?
How to sleep early?
What kind of loot will you drop when you die?
If you had the opportunity to time travel once, and only once, what time and place would you visit?
What feels good and bad at the same time?
(Serious) Citizens of Reddit, when someone asks “How are you?” and you’re not doing well, what’s a suitable response?
Have you ever watched anime? Why or why not?
What to add to white rice?
What can be big and also can be small?
Why do anorexic suffers think they are “fat”? How can they interpret their impossibly small physique as big when they look into a mirror?
What are some non-religious quotes or messages that give you strength?
Who the hell thought of putting holes in belts?
What is something that did not make sense to you as a kid but does now?
What are some of the scariest audios and videos on the internet?
A singer has been completely erased from the universe, and you’re the only one who remembers them. You now choose to write this artists music and you get all the credit for it. What artist can you confidently be the “new” version?
If a rooster climbs to the top of a barn roof and lays an egg and the barn is facing east and the wind is blowing north, which way will the egg roll?
What’s the best way you’ve seen someone rebel against school rules?
The only thing in the world right now is bad news, what's something good that's been happening (in your life or otherwise)?
What are some interesting insults you heard in your life?
How do you refer to your parents; mom, daddy, first name, sir, ma'm etc?
Redditors with double lives, at any giving moment how close are you to being caught?
What's worth every penny you spend on it?
What are your pets' rescue stories?
What time do you go to sleep?
Who is an underrated artist or band?
Former inmates of reddit, what really happens to Pedos in jail?
How could you fix a best friendship after one loved the other?
If your pet was secretly a different animal in disguise, what animal would it be and what clues helped you figure out its secret identity?
Couples at home together, how are your relationships being tested or strengthened? Over what things are you bonding or disagreeing?
What restrooms are still open to the public?
What does it actually mean when people say "Listen to your heart" ?
Unloved children of reddit, when was the moment you realised your parent's treatment towards you was not normal and why?
which TV show character did you fall in love with?
What do you wish you had accomplished by today?
What was your biggest bruh moment?
If a zombie apocalypse happened, how would the world react?
Sea captains of reddit that have crashed a ship, what happened? What was going through your head? What was the aftermath?
What makes a Game Charecter so amazing and interesting in your opinion?
[Serious] Redditors who think Edward Snowden is a traitor or bad guy, why do you think that?
Hot pepper challenge eaters. So how was the next day for ya? Care to share your experience post 3million Scoville units?
Has unemployment benefits helped you during this time, and what would you change about the program?
What’s your favorite toilet at work Reddit, and why?
What is the most expensive hobby? (Serious)
How do people get top post here?
What is the ugliest outfit you used to wear?
You are given 48 hours to destroy the world as much as possible with no spending limits what do you do?
What is a wonderful thing people say about your country that is unfortunately false?
Your username predicts how your kid will lose their virginity, how does it happen?
What sub do you think you could do a better job moderating then the actual moderators?
Restaurant workers of Reddit, what are some of your funniest or craziest stories you have to share?
If you were on lockdown for 3 months, but had the previous 3 months to prepare, what would you during lockdown?
People with really bad co-workers. What's the worst thing they have done?
Which is the weirdest place you have masturbated?
What combination of food do you like which other people would find strange or disgusting?
Gamerz, h'what was that one boss, level, jump, etc.. that haunted you and/or was what always stopped your play-throughs?
What’s the strangest instrument you’ve seen someone bring to a party?
Dear Redditors What intense and interesting non-voilent battles have you seen on internet?
If Mt. Everest is above cloud, how there snow?
What does VFD stand for?
At what age did you stop giving a f*ck and why?
Okay, you time-travel to 2010, you could not do anything, you return back. What'll be your argument of nothing?
How does Ireland etc.. get Prime Ministers, Presidents etc.. Who are Doctors, while we "U.S" get Trump?
What is one of the most obvious lies told to you?
To the 40+ women without children, what is the most you want in your life?
Europeans of Reddit, how has Joseph Stalin being taught in your school?
What’s the most WTF thing you discovered whilst house sitting?
What is the worst thing about the current education system?
Reddit, what was your experience(s) with glory holes?
Which game/movie/tv series NEEDS a reboot according to you and why?
What’s your thoughts on home security systems?
What would be a appropriate slogan or title for 2020?
High school and College students, what's your experience of online schooling with what's going on right now?
What could someone do for a friend whose dad passed away last night? Obviously you can't "physically" be there for that person because of everything going on. But what can someone do?
Who is the smartest person you know, and why do you think that of them?
You’re in Wal-Mart and start rooting around the bargain bin for a cheap game. You find a title called “Red Dead Repo Men”. What’s your plan?
Have you ever loved someone and let them go? What happened?
What is the strangest/funniest misunderstanding you have ever seen?
Actors who audition for "ugly" or "unattractive" roles, how does it make you feel when the other actors make fun of your character's appearance?
Which is your memorable masturbation story?
What's the most paused scene in all of film?
If you could wipe your memory clean of one tv series so you could binge watch it like it’s new what would it be?
Men of Reddit, how do you deal with getting rejected by women?
Reddit, in the most creative way to describe it, what has changed in the past year?
When did your life get a freeze-frame and the narrator had to go "That is when (s)he knew, (s)he fucked up..."?
What would you do if you had 5 minutes to control mentally every person of the world?
is having multiple sex partners over the same period common ? why?
What’s something you thought only you did but later found out others did too?
Doctors, nurse and other medical workers, what do you think of Dr.Fauci and the job he is doing?
What are you a connoisseur of?
How do we fire 2020?
How did you turn out to be the popular kid in school?
What is something you didn’t need until you suddenly needed it?
Ignoring past dalliances with family, what's the healthiest sex life you've ever had?
Why are we all the same but so different?
Redditors that have given up a child for adoption and have later in life looked for them: how did it go? How did meeting them again for the first time go?
What seemed like an obvious scam, but turned out to not be one?
To the people who lost both their parents at the same time in an accident...how can one possibly cope?
What makes anal better than vaginal sex?
What are you watching right now?
What is the most touching form of humanity you have experienced?
What should a person say to someone who wants to commit suicide?[Serious]
Historians, and history buffs of Reddit which historical figure deserves their own anime series and why?
What do you do guys when you need to get things done but you don't feel like it?
Europeans of Reddit, how has Joseph Stalin being taught in your school?
The President, and everyone else in the Oval Office, is crying except you. What happened?
What is your crazy ex bf/gf story ?
You have $100 to spend on anything you want, and you can split it up. What do you buy?
Ivy league students and college officers of reddit what made your application standout or what would you wish you would inculcate in your application?
If you were stuck on an island with a fictional character (book, tv show etc) who would it be and why?
We’ve heard so much negative stuff the past couple of weeks so what is a positive that is happening right now?
Why do some people struggle more than others, why are some rich, while others are poor, why are some people born in harsh places while others are born in paradises, why is the world filled with hate and cruelty, why are we harming our planets, why is there so much inequality?
Dumpster divers, what's the best treasure you've found?
What are some good out of context movie lines?
What is a good horror series / movie that is creepy throughout, not cheapened with lousy jump scares, well written, and filled with many pausable fappable moments?
What is the most useful skill to master in life?
What are some great songs from unknown artists?
How is online school going for you?
If you could choose your own nickname what would it be?
Folks who talked to your doctor about a new drug advertised on TV, what's your story?
Girls, when you masterbate and have never seen the guys dick, do you just imagine a size?
What a some Good documentaries focused on mysteries/paranormal?
What is the first thing you do if you wake up in the bed from your ex-girl/boyfriend?
How long is it since you lost THE GAME?
What is it like being high?
What has been the most personally shocking high-profile celebrity death of your lifetime?
What is collegiate sports like?
If there was a war between all of Africa as it is was in 2019 and all of Europe as it was in 1915, who would win? And how?
Introverts of reddit, hows this time been for you?
What kind of people would you accept as a per?
Who do you think is an overrated artist?
Who is the douchiest celebrity you've met?
People of Reddit, what are some sure signs that someone has a crush on you?
What is one childhood memory that sticks out to you for all the WRONG reasons?
What is the most annoying trait of your family member/partner/room mate that you just recently discovered?
What are some organisations that could use donations at a time like this?
How much do you make a year?
People of Reddit who graduated and realised their degree was useless, what degree was it and why was it useless?
Who do you not want to die?
Which youtuber is really underrated?
Bartenders of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have witnessed or experienced on a closed event/private yacht party?
Why does catnip effect cats but not humans?
which phone game do you like playing most?
What’s the one subreddit that made you ask “where am I”?
What is the funniest misconception you had about puberty?
You wake up on September 10th, 2001, what do you do first?
Psychotherapists of Reddit, how does the value system of therapists change the patient's value system?
Which word is mostly used in questions?
Have you gone to jail for a stupid reason, why and for how long?
What is your worst experience with a Karen?
What is something you do that ALWAYS works?
What has someone told you about a topic which changed your whole perspective and feeling's on it?
In terms of your sexual preferences, do you lean more toward being a voyeur or being an exhibitionist? Why?
How is it growing up with addicts like parents or siblings?
What was the LEAST eventful year in recorded history?
Americans of reddit, who does it seem like your friends and family are rallying behind for the federal elections?
What’s falling in love and how do you do it?
Why do you prefer bone-in wings?
What game has a really small and active fanbase?
Asian-Americans of Reddit, how are you doing during this time?
Hello traveller! You’ve reached a checkpoint. What do you think about taking a break? Would you like to continue?
What have you see online that made you think to yourself, "well, that's enough of the internet for today"?
Since you all stay home, what is the best time to post on reddit?
If you could pay for an ad-free Instagram, how much would you pay?
What’s the best/worst part of being who you are?
Imagine MTV's Room Raiders just got rebooted, and they show up at your house. What would a raider find in your room that would make or break your opportunity to win the date?
What “easy” house chore you absolutely love/hate ?
If you could summarize your entire life in one picture what would it look like?
You wake up screaming, hurtling towards the ground at terminal velocity. You are totally naked, save for a pair of cowboy boots and a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. What just happened?
What have you believed that turned out to be false?
Photographers of Reddit, what was the funniest picture you have ever taken?
Have you ever created your own language? Explain it? How many words did you create?
People who rejected someone, what did you not like about them?
Drivers of Reddit, what was your most memorable experience behind the wheel?
Does someone know a website or something like that where you can find HD pictures of human faces?
Police officers of reddit, what’s the strangest arrest you’ve ever made?
Which 1st world country is the worst? And which one is the best?
What television shows had the most drama between cast members and what happened to make it so bad?
Which food requires the most technical skill to consume?
What are some of your favorite baby names?
how to stop bleeding?
Marketing team behind the “non-24” tv ads, do you have any clue how to reach your target audience?
would you meet people through dating apps for sex right now? why?
What are some subreddits that are good for promoting new subs?
If the bible was a youtube channel, what clickbait title would you give to the most memorable events?
Why did Jimmy Carter only served one term as POTUS?
What's the most destruction you haved caused using as little effort as possible?
What is the stupidest thing that made you cry?
What is something you used to do when they weren’t home that you haven’t been able to do now?
What is the WORST Reddit circlejerk?
what do do if you have a crush on your ex?
Who’s your favorite superhero?
What was the worst case of "karma whoring" on Reddit?
When/How did you absolutely miss the hints that someone was into you?
What are the stories from your past that make you cringe so hard you start mentally convulsing?
Current/past workers of Reddit, what are some secrets that we may not know about?
Who is the rudest celebrity you've ever met?
What are some conspiracy theories you have about China?
What is something you could eat every day and probably never get sick of?
Your whole family is sitting together in a room crying except you. What happened?
Who would win, Jesus Christ or a Giraffe?
Aliens have tuned into, Earth 2020, what’s their running meme about us right now?
Driving Instructors of Reddit: What's your best story?
People of reddit which are home schooled or self employed work at home types of people. What can't you stop laughing about other people at this current time?
Hey All You Cool Cats and Kittens, how are you doing?
in the usa, it seems that if you call someone out on their rude behavior, you get labeled an a-hole. why is that?
What was your worst phase?
What is the worst thing you’ve said by mistake?
What is the difference between cute/pretty and beautiful girls?
What are the pros and cons of living where you do?
If you woke up tomorrow morning and the past month was just a dream, what’s the first thing you would do?
When choosing a dog at a shelter what do you look for that helps you pick “the right one”?
What’s the worst part of masturbation?
What’s something you want to do that you’re too scared to?
Is the amount of times a book causes you to cry proportional to the quality of the writing? Why or why not?
Redditors who have descended from sailors, what pirate/ bandit stories have you heard?
In the movie the platform you are allowed one item for your stay in the VCM what item do you choose?
What hobby would you recommend to anyone?
What was the scariest moment of your life?
Who's a celebrity you've met, if any?
Why is every good question taken?
People with no toilet paper, how do you do it?
What is acceptable only for toddlers?
What is never as good home made?
What's the best thing you've found on Reddit's new "Stay Home" section?
[Serious] What kinds of people DON'T deserve a second chance?
What if there was no taxes in America while government can making money from selling oil like in the middle east ?
Who are being oppressed in society, that we don’t know about?
If you could give one short piece of advice to teenagers today, what would it be?
What are some of your favorite common sayings/phrases?
What is the BEST/EASIEST TO USE and FREE site/app to learn Spanish?
"Treat others how you wish to be treated" is the golden rule. What are the silver and bronze rules?
Who is the most memorable extra that you’ve seen in a movie or tv show?
The firing squad is lined up. The commandant asks you "any last words?" What do you say?
What is a good replacement for chickpeas?
What is the oddest/scariest animal fact you know?
With virtually zero foot and vehicular traffic, this is an incredible opportunity to repair, update, or modify public and private spaces, buildings, roads etc., what would you work on first?
What was your 15 minutes of fame?
What is something that’s actually a social construct?
People of Reddit: How have you dealt with your partners parents not liking you?
What’s your favorite misspell?
What's something everybody hates but you love?
If u only inherited the good qualities from your parents, how would you be improved?
What is your purpose in life?
Why do you like being alive?
Do you know anyone who has an unfortunate or interesting name either through birth or marriage?
People who submitted a post to showerthoughts that was approved, how does it feel to get through their iron curtain?
What kind of memes would be created if Jesus was actually resurrected in the present day?
What car tips should everyone know?
What's your best "thug life" moment in your life?
People who got bullied in school , how did you overcame from it ?
When has life given you lemons, and how have you made lemonade out of them?
What's the broke-est thing you did to survive college?
What product intended for the opposite gender do you use or wish you could use?
What’s your biggest regret?
What are some Overrated and Underrated things about life?
People who met a celebrity, who was it and how did it happen?
What is something that you will NEVER understand?
People who have a parrot, has it ever repeated something at an inconvenient time or in front of someone?
Those of you who have had a sugar daddy/ mommy what was your time like with them?
To those who lived alone at young age: what are the most important tips you have?
The entire world has agreed to boycott a single company for 1 week, what do you hope is chosen?
Have you or someone you work with ever become the "forgotten employee" if so what happened and how long before corporate noticed?
What productive things do you do at home these days?
Students of reddit, what's the best/most evil message to send from your head master's account to EVERY teacher, parent and student of the school?
In what specific situation did you tell yourself “I’ve got this all figured out” only to fail disastrously?
After fires, earthquakes, the 🦠, and now a fire in Chernobyl which makes the radiation 16 times above normal. What's left in 2020 to happen?
What has changed about how you think about time?
Reddit is now a streaming network providing films and shows from every subreddit. What are some potential films or shows that would be created?
What will be the best love story 2020 can offer?
Your are going to lose 1 of your leg or your arm which one and why ?
What did someone say to you that stuck?
Video games are now cool. What is something that isn’t cool yet, but will be in the future?
What will heaven look like?
What name will never be used again to name a baby due to one person ruining it?
What does “I have needs” in a sexual content mean?
Why is Reddit so politically biased towards the left?
When were you the most proud of your child?
Hobbyists, what is a sentence that would make no sense to the average person, but makes complete sense to you?
Women (or men) of Reddit, what is something you wish creepy guys who slide in DMs would understand?
What are some actually great things that have happened in 2020 so far?
Weebs of Reddit, what is your favourite tokusatsu series?
What would you do if you won the super bowl?
What animals that are babies/adolescents look older then the full grown adults?
WHat's the absolute worst relationship advice you ever got?
What is your favorite underrated band?
What's some of the fairy tales, urban legends, folk tales, children's stories etc from your local region ?
What songs have you ruined by overpaying them??
Have you ever applied law of attraction in your life to achieve something, if yes how and what for and do you think it is real ?
what innocent items are weird when you buy them together?
What questions are you tired of answering?
Tv industry guys of Reddit. When should we expect VR horror movies?
What’s your car accident story?
If you could take one memory out of your life and forget about it what would that memory be?
In the future, what will make young people say, “Ok, zoomer”?
What was the most disturbing thing you've seen on 4chan?
[Serious] Men of reddit, how do you deal with always being horny, as it is starting to interfere with daily activities, how do you stop that?
What are your favorite conspiracy theories?
Why women looked so ugly 100 years ago?
If you could go take photo's from one point in Earth's history (prehistoric or human history) without risk of dying, where would you go and what would you take pictures of?
Which video game has the most jaw-dropping opening sequence?
What’s your most beautiful and personal memory?
What topics could you study to become more well-read?
How would you react if somebody wrote a song about you?
If you hade the power of teleportation what would you do with it?
What could you do to make someone happy?
What unusual tricks can make masturbation better?
What is something you never thought would be sold?
What, in your opinion, is the most mysterious and strangest silent movie?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what's the most American thing you can think of?
What are your tips and tricks to not let something bad that happened ruin the rest of your day?
what would you do if woman try to fight back?
If air was sold in the future , what brand names will it have?
The first woman/man you ever masturbated to becomes your wife/husband. Who are you married to and are you happy or not?
What you do if shit appeared on your pijama?
Annual Palm Sunday tradition involves watching Cecile B. Demille's 1956 film The Ten Commandments (Charlton Heston, Yul Brenner, etc.). If the movie were to be remade today with modern cast, who would play the major characters (Moses, Ramses, etc.)?
People over 40 of Reddit. Which do you consider "Home"? The place you spent your childhood or the place your kids spent/are spending their childhood? Why or why not?
What is the worst situation you have ever been in life? And how did it change you?
What was the best instant karma you've seen happen?
What's the most expensive thing you own?
Who is the most rude celebrity that you have met?
What is the most strange fetish of a friend/partner that did you discovered ?
Health care workers of Reddit, how do you feel about being applauded around the world? What has your community done for you?
What is something a specific company is really good at, and also really bad at?
What is the most irritating subreddit that you know?
What is the sexiest thing to you?
Why are Redditors so annoying?
What are some interesting .onion sites to get started with?
Where does the polluted air go if everyone says air is clean?
What band had an amazing album over 10 years after a previous amazing album?
Why red instead of green symbolizes the love when it also means war?
If you had 1 hour to do anything that you wanted before you died, what would you do?
What bad knockoff movies do you know (bad copied versions of original movies etc.)?
If you’re being displaced due to the economic shut down in your city. Where are you maybe moving to?
What are ways to counter the dreadful feeling of loneliness?
Whats something one should achieve/have done/Seen before the age of 30 because it gets significantly harder/impossible/more dangerous afterwards?
[Serious] What's a normal emotional reaction to someone close to you being angry (at something else, not you) and slamming stuff around?
What are the best musical soundtracks to listen to?
The last two shows you watched are having a cross-over episode, what is the episode about?
What are the least useful classes you can take at any education level?
What are the least useful classes you can take at any education level?
The g1 fans of reddit what is the point of the box thing that comes out of soundwaves chest?
Why does only the bottom blanket move when you fall asleep on your bed?
What’s the best smell?
What are some great recipes for a nearly empty cupboard?
When did you stop believing in santa?
What mario kart track best represents your life right now?
What’s something you can never seem to find when you need it but always around when you don’t?
Are you sequestered or confined somewhere that is not home? Where are you stranded? How are you handling it?
You are a super villain, you have a loved one of your nemesis placed precariously in limbo of life and death while you monologue your evil plans. What situation is said loved one in?
What happens if a meteor ends all life on Earth? Where do all the souls go?
How is life treating you right now?
What's a good show that you can watch when your plans are to get really f****** bake today?
After your death you have been downgraded to Earth( -1) . What are small things which makes your life a little more shit?
What are some funny subreddits?
How to skip edginuity videos?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
What is the weirdest soap you’d ever shower with?
[Serious] How is everyone doing?
What do you do on a typical Saturday?
What should your catchphrase be?
What if there was no religion ?
How do you deal with the nemesis that is hiccups?
What are some Gender Neutral swear words?
What is the biggest thing you are keeping secret from your partner?
What is the most mysterious pre-1920 movie?
Health care workers of Reddit, how do you feel about the world applauding you?
What don’t you understand about Reddit?
What if c0r0na and the Black Plague switched places in history?
In what voice do you hear your pets speaking to you in? Is it similar to your vernacular? Different accent? Language?
Ex-smokers of Reddit, what is your quitting story and how long did it take for the cravings to go away?
What do you HATE about Reddit?
What person in all of history had the worst possible death?
What happened to "baby's trip to China" teased at the end of "baby's day out"?
What is the best thing that’s ever happened to you?
Why is there a misconception about white guys having small dicks when they're actually really, really well-endowed?
Reddit, what was the first book that hit you right in the feels?
Teachers of Reddit, What famous people have you taught to?
What people around you don't understand about you ?
Why are we here?
What’s something that you defend like you get paid for it?
What creeps you out?
People who bought Elon Musk’s flamethrower, what have you been doing with it?
What is a meme from the past, that you have never understood?
What could be a good name for a page of draws. I thought in "Incesante" or "Stopless". Ideas?
What's your high movie?
Reddit, what is the best place to find people to practice English with?
If you were to eat the United States what would it taste like?
What do you absolutely HATE doing?
What movie quote would get better by adding “...to suck that dick”?
What game would you highly suggest someone to buy?
What facts you are tired of explaining to people?
What if GameStop were to set up Gaming Stations in store (15-20) and set up a “Before you buy” or arcade style where you pay to play games in store? Do you think they’d stop some of the bleeding?
People who experience same-sex attraction: How much do the people you're attracted to differ in looks or "type" to your own appearance? How large or small is the difference?
What's your best "Don't mess with me" moment?
What are the coolest scientific articles or facts that you know about?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
who is the most incompetent professor you've ever had?
What words have been so overused or twisted out of context that they're now useless/marketing buzzwords?
When have you seen a person (or group of people) completely ignore (or not realize) a simple solution to a problem?
What is that one song that hits you in the feels every single time?
What is the most creative way someone has stolen something?
People with big dick energy, what's your secret?
You are a ghost , who do you haunt first ?
What general things/concepts in video games do you think of as highly unrealistic?
If Artificial Intelligence (AI) does achieve the degree of computing ability expected, a point believed to be outside the realm of human control, how will it be able to prevent someone simply cutting the power?
What is the most stupid thing you get taxed on?
Does a girl necessarily likes you when she texts Heyy with 2 y‘s as a greeting?
With all the extra at-home time, what have you only recently noticed about your living space?
How are you staying/getting fit at home?
What's the funniest death you've ever experienced in a video game?
Scum of reddit, what have you done to make society miserable?
Reddit what is a must watch show or movie that’s available streaming?
It is the end of 2020, a year full of disasters and you and the majority of the population are alive and celebrating but the clock doesn't go to 00:00 it goes to 24:00:01 and continues, the date is still 31st of December 2020. What do you do? How do you react?
What two animals would you combine to get the most terrifying outcome and why?
Which celebrity do you defend like you’re getting paid to do it?
You have one question you can ask for the rest of your life. What is it?
What's that one stupid thing you did 10+ years ago that everyone else has probably forgotten but still makes you cringe?
What's the best decision you've made in life?
Who is an adult/celeb of whom you can’t imagine they were a child once?
What is your favorite day dream of yourself?
Hey Reddit, what are you listening to right now?
People who park right next to the cart return, yet still push your cart to the side so it takes up two car spots.... why? [Serious]
Folks who have been to a timeshare presentation, what was that like?
What are some albums you wish you could hear for the first time again?
What’s the best joke you ever made up yourself?
What’s the highest mileage to which you’ve driven a car?
Why don't we run adoption shelters for all humans regardless of age?
What was your most heroic moment at school ?
What to do if haters dab back?
Reddit, what are the weirdest dreams you have ever experienced?
Why do left-wingers hate anime profile pics?
What story perfectly sums up how dumb the dumbest person you know is?
Pathologists of Reddit: how has working with corpses affected your attraction towards other people's bodies?
Whats ur take on the Laci/ Scott peterson case? Innocent or Guilty and why?
What was your very first Pokémon and why did you choose it?
What’s the further back someone has gone in your history and made a post and what do you think made them comment so late?
Trump and his administration supposedly getting kickbacks for all the drugs mentioned on the daily brief as cures whats your thoughts on this?
What was the most interesting joke you have read?
People who have pets, what is your pet and what is your favorite thing about them?
Doctors of reddit, what’s the most medically accurate show you’ve seen?
What have you learned that you can be happy without buying?
What is something you can say within your fandom, but would sound weird saying outside of it?
What it’s like to be a sugar daddy/mommy ?
What is a time when someone proved you wrong?
If you were on death row, what would be your last meal of choice?
What is your weirdest de ja vu experience?
What are the harmful and the beneficial effects of advertising?
Where did your username originate from?
If you had to permanently stay in a time &amp; place before 1900 where would you go and why?
which country you will like to travel too?
What uplifting things can you tell your loved one(s) when they're feeling low?
Why is the US so divided and when did it start?
Hey job recruiters, what's one thing that grinds your gears about candidates or clients?
Of all the things we've stopped doing or cancelled, which one should we not resume?
To the serial junkies, whats your favorite series and why ?
If you had to play the most technically proficient guitar solo fr the hardest to impress audience, what would be your pick?
People of Reddit, have you ever predicted something that actually came true, no matter how minor it was? If so, what?
Who is one popular musician/group that everybody loves but you hate with a burning passion?
Take a guess, how many communities are there in Reddit ?
What can a thoughtful man hope for mankind on earth, given the experience of the past million years?
[Serious] What situation in your life caused you to be the most scared you've ever been?
What’s something people take for granted?
People who eat “rarely cooked” steak - Is that how you have always eaten or was there a gradual shift?
What kind of a boss would force their employees to come to work, while a stay at home order is in effect?
What fanbases ruined the thing that they were fans of?
Palaeontologists of reddit, what are you up to now?
Anyone know where to get Clorox disinfectant wipes?
What’s something commonly seen in movies that annoys you?
Soiele sho dosnt pipsk an why?
Men of Reddit, what is that "one disgusting thing you all want"?
What’s your biggest regret ?
What's your age without telling?
What changes does the U.S.A. need to make to actually be a great country again?
What will happen if Deadpool meets The Mask?
If you had immortality, how many years do you think before you kill?
What you did you never get as a kid?
[Serious] Since this post will archive in 6 months- what's a specific prediction you have about what the next 6 months holds for the world?
What piece of technology do people feel they need but actually don't?
What would need to be cancelled or stopped for you to feel like this was the beginning of the end?
What are you doing in this lock down period ?
What was your plan for 2020 that got completely crushed?
Did anything happen health-wise to that girl who licked an airplane toilet?
If you could slap anyone from history in the face, who would it be?
What is the wierdest thing you caught ur dog doing?
What's the rarest thing you own?
What is your best story from working in the field of avation?
What do you do when you are bored?
What is your secret talent?
What's a paid resource currently giving away services, digital products for free ? Like Scribd or Audible ?
What helped you to deal with your biggest insecurity?
You are losing an argument with someone and you don't know what to say anymore. What is a good phrase to avoid getting out of it as a loser?
For English speakers that learned Spanish independently, what tools or tricks did you use to help learn the language? What would you tell someone wanting to learn?
Is there really an asteroid coming to hit the planet? Why or why not?
Non religious people of reddit, what do you think happens when you die?
What’s a positive thing that’s happened to you during the past month?
how will reddit continue to make money once everyone dies?
What was something you though wasn’t scary but turned out to be terrifying?
Weebs-redditors what anime that feel like it need a second season?
[Serious] How come its not okay to call for Boris Johnson’s death, but okay for Kim Jong Un’s death?
Who is an antihero that is so bad they inspire you to be better? How so?
20 years from now, how would the internet change?
Redditors who do not eat the crust on bread/pizza. Why not?
What's the thing you get complimented for most?
What is a lazy movie mistake that aggravates you, due to your specific area of expertise?
Which movie is your favorite one and why?
Why are pirates called pirates?
Throwaway accounts of Reddit: what’s the most embarrassing thing you accidentally posted on your “real” account?
Marijuana aficionados of Reddit, how are things going?
[Serious] Being in your early 20s, how do you find out what you really want to make with your life?
Indians who have parents who support different political parties, how is it like during this shit show?
What is your favourite video game and why?
What is a conspiracy theory that you/your friends/family/town had that turned out to be true?
Karen or Carole Baskin? Who wins?
Now that summer draws near, what is a refreshing beverage with little to no sugar?
People of Reddit, I am pretty sure you all know about new remake of "Never Gonna Give You Up" by Rick Astley made in 2019. Can it be considered as a Rick Roll too ?
Who is the worst couple you know and why should they breakup?
Whats your favorite drink?
Which household chore do you hate the most and why?
So you when out to the store and some one stole your wallet but not your money. In fact it was still all in your pocket.Why?
What trivial offense have you done in the past that still haunts you?
What is one thing you do that always cheers you up?
How do you feel when she puts her minecraft bed next to yours?
School Shooting Victims, how did you survive?
What games would you like to see to do a crossover?
Redditors that never had a big fight with your parents, how?
Hey Reddit,there are plenty of people who could use a little positivity in their lives right now and may be having trouble finding any. There’s always positivity somewhere to be shared, so let’s all do that now. What positive things can you share to help boost everyone’s optimism?
What’s something you dreaded doing but actually enjoyed once you did?
[Serious] What are some things to add to a wedding registry?
What were some good pickup lines or other ways to hit on each other from the 70s &amp; 80s?
What is the weirdest advice you've ever got?
What is a tvship that should be together but isn’t?
What would happen if the world was inevitably going to be destroyed and humans had advanced knowledge of it?
What is this going on that people now see Earth from Earth?
What will be the next 'hot' topic on Reddit?
As a society, how have we evolved in the past 2 years?
What's a hobby you unfairly and unconsciously judge others for being into but you just can't help it?
What’s one trait that you have that you wish more people had as well? [Serious]
What’s a weird habit you have?
[Serious]Spewing spittle while talking, or spitting, is now a felony if done too close to another person; Why is that?
People who have witnessed a murder, did you ever tell anyone?
Imagine a situation. You didn't sleep all night. Yesterday you woke up at 2pm. It's now 7am. Somebody asks you "Did you woke up early?". What's your answer?
What is gender equality like in india?
What did you do that was so awesome but no one believed you cause you had no proof?
What’s something you stopped yourself from doing due to anxiety/depression?
What are your predictions for the next 4 months?
What apps would win/die if we hosted the Social Media Hunger Games?
What's the most embarrassing/cringy thing you've accidentally shown someone, or something they accidentally saw while using your phone or computer?
What are the dankest meme subs (already know about r slash dank memes)?
(Serious) What’s the most out of character thing you’ve ever done?
Which celebrity do you admire ?
What is the best gas station chain? Why?
[Serious] What's a plausable way you could be killed at any moment, and why does it concern you?
Dear Male Redditor! What kind of gift that you like to receive the most from your partner?
What was the best (and unexpected) thing a stranger did for you?
What have you only really noticed now that it is so much quieter?
On a scale of not at all to they are all going to die how fucked is America?
What new skills or hobbies are you going to pick up thanks to all this extra free time ?
Who is your personal Carol Baskin?
Which movie's concept made no sense but the movie became very popular?
[Serious] What are some relatable reasons to keep on living when you don't want to hurt your family?
What would be some morality questions about time travelling into your own past?
What is a story that you can tell that got you “15 minutes of fame”?
How do you become more confident in yourself?
What do you want to tell your manager?
Why do we (over)charge for things like education and healthcare? Wouldn't we get further as a human society if everyone had access to education and a long, healthy life?
If you had one tiny pet right now what would it be?
If your username was the leader of something, what would it be a leader of?
What is an invention you have thought of that would be possible in this present time?
Should Carole Baskin be in prison why or why not?
What was your story with that person who claims they aren't wrong, but they obviously are?
What is something that puts you off a person on a first date?
Reddit, how do you make you coffee/tea?
Ex Prison inmates, How do you feel that your time inside is helping to cope with self isolation? (Serious)
If you had 60 minutes to go back to any past time (either before or during your life) what would you do?
How could reddit improve?
What is a resolution you made for the time this isolation is over? What will you do differently when things get back to normal?
What's an easy way to get karma?
People of Reddit, it's Purge time. Everything is legal for 24 hours. Besides killing, what one thing would your parents scold you for doing after it's over?
Concealed carriers, when is a time you had to draw your weapon?
What do you think is beautiful that does not correspond to the classic ideal of beauty?
How many people will die because doctors stopped doing precautionary examinations?
The closest blue object is the reason your SO leaves you. What is it and what happens?
Why were bytes and Cheetos X's and O's discontinued though they were really popular ?
With everything going on, hows life ?
What book series made you the most depressed after finishing it?
Marmite users versus Vegemite uses why is yours better?
How would you hide a body?
What's the sound of one hand clapping?
(Any genre will do) What would be a good name for a band?
[Serious] Ladies of reddit who have been called "hun" or other terms in an office environment, how do you deal with it?
What is or was your pet’s name?
Who has more vivid dreams the few days?
What's the most suspicious thing someone ever did in front of you?
What happened when you discovered a friend/familiar cheating on his couple?
What goes up but never come down?
What is an app worth paying for?
What is something that someone can do once that's ok but freakish if done twice?
What are the bars you created for yourself in your head that keep you from being free?
Ladies, what about men makes you feel like they are interesting as a person in their life?
College students: Has anyone hacked into your zoom class session, if so what happened?
To you, what is the difference in criteria between a country you would want to visit vs a country you would want to live in?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
If you could pick one super power, but you could only give it to your dog, what would it be and why?
Why do women not get their tubes tired after having their prefered amount of children more?
People of Reddit, what is the best thing you have ever smelled that is not food?
Essential workers, what's the hardest and most stressful things going on right now?
You have been given the ability to make one post on any subreddit and have it sent back to any point in time. What do you do?
Who's the famous cop in your state?
Which video game has the best soundtrack of all time?
What words do you spell out so your dog won’t understand?
What is a time where procrastination really helped you?
What’s something you refuse to believe? (serious)
Why do pickup truck owners love to idle so much whether they are in the vehicle or not?
What does "getting lost in the woods with a stack of pancakes" mean?
What would you say to 10 year old you?
[NSFW] When was the last time you shaved your pubes?
People who have written posts or comments on Reddit unironically wishing for someone's death, or otherwise extreme violence happening to them : Don't you feel wrong about it ?
What is something unexpected that follows the law of diminishing returns?
What new thing you’ve learned while being locked in your house?
What's the worst feeling?
Who’s the meanest celebrity you’ve ever met?
How do you think society would function today, and moving forward, if there wasn’t any religion?
Weebs of reddit, how did you become a weeb?
Former Bullies of reddit who’ve ran into their victims how’s their life now?
If you could choose your death date, you can't choose the year, what would it be?
What are some random life survival skills that might help someone one day?
What's extremely fun, but only the very first time you do it?
What would people look like on mars after 10 generations of colonization?
How do you handle losing your best friend whenever they get into a new relationship?
What was the biggest act of ignorance you have ever noticed?
What is something you've watched or read a bunch of times, but can never remember anything about it?
What was cool to do a decade ago but uncool now?
Guys, when and how did you find out how menstruation works?
How would Medicare for all helped the US fight Covid19?
Which games are similar to Bloxorz?
How do necrophiliacs talk dirty?
What are some almost forgotten/not very well known history facts? [Serious]
How to deal with normies?
What computer games should everyone play?
Doctors and psychiatrists of Reddit, what is the dumbest way someone has asked for a prescription for an addictive or highly abused drug?
What is the difference between a chad and a simp?
Do you think famous artists listen to their own music? And if so, in what occasions?
All-inclusive resort or cruise workers, how does your job prepare you for the intense period ahead?
What odd thing did you do to impress people as a child?
What are some good free group internet games for isolation?
What do you want to rant about?
What will be the first thing you do when quarantine is over?
When research "facts" from news articles or pieces who fail to highlight that it is an opinion piece on a major news network/subscription are scrutinized. What are some of your go to sources that you trust?
[Serious] People who have believed in televangelists (or who know people who have), why?
What do you do to keep yourself entertained while stuck at home?
What else could NSFW mean?
Those of you who were told “You are definitely going to be a doctor with that hand writing” Whats your job now?
What is one thing you like to do that probably annoy everyone else ?
What are your biggest regrets from your teen ager years?
[Serious] What happens to "fired" Military Officers?
Which subreddit do you follow just to keep an eye on the comment absurdity?
Is there any secrets from the stock market workers?
How would you put Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious into a sentence?
What's the best gift you've ever got/given?
we have all mused about being our pets and staying home all day, how is everyone holding up?
Why do you not like raisons, they are literally soft sweets?
What is something positive you did for someone but they will never give you credit for?
Redditors what’s your favourite type of pasta?
Does anyone actually research "facts" from news articles or pieces who fail to highlight that it is an opinion piece on a major news network/subscription. If so what are some of your go to sources?
What was your worst/best Tinder experience?
What is the maximum number of years you have played a non-online single-player video game?
Your best friend just died and their final wishes were for to plan their funeral but it has to have £5 buget maximum. What do you do to honour them?
What are some cheap, but good quality surround sound speakers?
What super power is useful to a supervillain, but useless to a superhero?
What was your "record scratch" moment?
How do you know when a friend is not ok/upset?
What’s the weirdest compliment you’ve ever gotten?
How old are you?
What would be in the just turned 18 starter pack?
What are some cheap, but good quality surround sound speakers?
Musicians of Reddit, what is a piece you play when you want to impress someone?
What is the dumbest thing that your boss told you ?
What is a video game character you think you can beat in a fight?
What are your thoughts on the word Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious?
What four musicians alive or dead would you put together to form the ultimate band?
Former inmates, how were your nails and hair cut, as well as feminine products and if you need contacts or prescriptions?
Reddit users, what did you want to ask the Russians, but were afraid?
(serious) Proud people of reddit; How did you tuned down yourself and learned to flow with your life with more acceptance rather than brute force?
If Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious was an acronym what would it stand for?
How is Reddit helping/affecting the community around you in real life?
Do you think that, in paleontology, squirrels would be the origins or roots of the metal music and how ?
For students now using online school, do you prefer it over normal school? If so, why?
Why do you hit 'reply all' when you're only replying to the original sender when writing work emails?
What are some things that sound like a dream or nightmare, but that actually happened to you?
If you woke up tomorrow and life was back to normal, what is the first thing you are going out for?
What are some things to do while high to make it more fun?
Why do you continue to do things if we’re all going to die eventually?
Reddit is used exclusively by boomers now - what are some of the top posts of all time?
What are mosquitoes useful for? What would happen if they were wiped out?
Prison escapees of Reddit, how did you escape?
Which song lyrics that really hits you hard?
If you could have sax with any animal (with no legal repercussions) what would you pick?
Teachers of reddit, when did the weird kid cross the line?
If you were a non-human creature (anything of your choice, like a mythological or fantastical being) living in the modern world, how would you blend in ?
When have you gotten extremely lucky?
What is your "I'm f**cked" story?
What is the dumbest mistake you have ever made?
What are some good (ie. stable/lucrative) career options for a History &amp; Communications student?
(Simple overused question) if you could have any Super power what would it be and why?
What’s the best free movie app to use on firestick?
what's something that changed your country for ever?
Reddit users, so that you would like to ask the Russians, but were afraid?
What movie moment did you not understand until you re-watched it as an adult?
[Serious] With everything going on right now, how do you safeguard your mental health and keep away feelings of hopelessness?
Why is AskReddit implying we are all about to die?
REINCARNATED PEOPLE: Who were you in a past life and when did you start having memories?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever done?
What future event described in any kind of media would you be scared about or look forward to the most if it became real?
What’s a rule that was implemented somewhere that backfired greatly?
What do you think the characters of harry potter are doing during this time?
What is your favourite band and what is your favourite song by them?
To the Gamers, what is the best or wierdest geme theory you've ever heard ? - with game please ?
What is something you absolutely HATE?
PS4 users who have quick downloads how long do games like gta take ?
What are some things you find intolerable in others?
How long it's been that you stopped caring ?
How do you get a post to blow up on reddit?
What will happen to octopi when the ocean acidifies?
What is a time that your perspective/view about something was changed or expanded?
hello everyone i am having a bit of a problem i have a broken phone and its a (Xperia™ Z3 Dual) and its model number (D6633) and the usb debugging is off and i cant turn it on because the phone screen is completely destroyed and inaccessible so is there anyway that i can recover my data ?
What is the most intelligent thing you’ve ever witnessed an animal do?
What seems easy to do but is difficult when you start doing it?
If you could change your eyes color, what color would you choose?
If you had to face off against any horror movie killer, who would it be and why?
Reddit users, that you would like to ask the Russians, but were afraid? I'm from Russia myself, so don't hesitate to ask)
How do you avoid awkward conversations?
What popular trend could you not stand?
What is the most selfish thing you have ever done?
People who punctuate every single sentence with punctation points, what are you trying to communicate ?
The Devil asks every man in the world, if you agree to cut one of your balls off, he'll give you 1M dollar. If you cut off both, he'll give you 10M dollar. What do you say to him?
What about a person’s daily life(be it routine stuff, habits, hobbies) makes them interesting to other people?
Where were music videos shown before MTV?
What is your routine nowadays?
What would you ask first if you meet a german ?
What year do you wish you were born in?
Why does it say 'Canadian Model' when you type in Luka Magnotta instead of 'Canadian Psycho' or something like that?
Why do we(USA) still make pennies?
God appears for the end of times. In order to keep humanity going, what do we offer to impress him?
[Serious] Police of reddit, what was the most disturbing thing you have found at a crime scene?
Teachers of reddit, when have you lost your cool with a teacher or student?
Should my flatmate still pay bills even though he's moved out? Water and internet are flat rate and is the same despite how much we use. Gas and electric is variable so wouldn't pursue him for this.
For people who have/had sleep paralysis, what's the best way to fight out of it?
What are the best banking and finance books?
Who would you cast to play the new Indiana Jones?
What does the fact that there's Coronavirus in Australia (which has opposite weather from North America and Europe) mean, in terms of the hope that it's a seasonal virus, like flu?
People who don't like to watch or play soccer, why not?
Gamers: what video game will you be playing this week?
College/University students of reddit, are you offered a pass/fail score instead of taking final exams? If so, what is your decision and why?
I just saw a post asking about who were the nicest celebrities you’ve ever met, so let’s go to the opposite end: Who are the rudest celebrities you’ve ever met?
Churchgoers of Reddit, what was the funniest/weirdest thing you saw there?
What is it like to have a second/multiple personalities? Any cool stories to share?
What if the mathematical nature of the universe (i.e. everything having some relation to everything else, things being parallel, i change something here, something changes there) is just a result of this'big bang', end everything that exists just being a 'fraction' of this singularity that once was?
What’s something people misunderstand way too often?
What would you name your football team?
What’s some general good-to-know advice not many knows about that you can share?
What is a good app or website for making memes and rage comics in mobile?
How can an asian guy fit in the hood?
How fucked is your company?
What would you name your basketball team?
How/Why did your mentality turn around in a way that stopped life from making you more bitter and cynical?
Once travel opens up again, are airline tickets going to be more or less expensive than before? 🤔
What's some wise wisdom?
What is the first thing you would do in the event of an alien invasion?
So what makes Animal Crossing special to you?
What is the greatest thing about the Internet?
What free to play PC game should every gamer play?
What was your Karen encounter like?
What are 90s kids still proud of ?
What are some subreddits that are utilizing the new reddit poll feature?
What do you like about your life?
Why do you hate your spouse and why do you still stay with them?
What is the best way to introduce an old person to the world of video gaming?
Are there any Redditors that actually have another personality? If so, care to share some of your experiences?
Parents of reddit, what are the downsides on having a child?
If 2:30 is “Dentist Time” (Tooth Hurty) and 9:50 is “Cowboy Time” ( Ten to ten, ten to ten, ten to ten ten ten) what other times are there?
If you could bring one person back from the dead who would you bring back?
What was the worst, and the best, moment that took place in your class?
How come you got get all the karma from a popular post when you make one?
18+ Redditors - What kinds of porn/erotica do you like and why?
Whats the weirdest thing you've seen someone panic buying, other than toilet paper of course?
You have an infinite amount of bike oil at your disposal, what do you do with it?
Reddit, what subreddit describes you?
People who work where political games are huge part of the culture but dont get involved, how do you deal with it?
What are some creepy stories that you have?
Which celebrity you hate the most?
PS4 users how long would it take you to download gta 5?
What’s one of the most disturbing videos you’ve seen on Social Media?
If last names were based on jobs as they were in olden times (eg, Carpenter, Fisher, Cooke, Gardener) what would be some typical last names for modern times?
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever done?
What if second civil war occurs in the United States and we live in a world like the Handmaid's Tale (or Fallout). How would Canada be affected?
What is a stereotype you have about British people?
What will be the first thing you do when the lockdown is over? (Sorry for possible bad grammar, i’m not a native speaker)
Have you ever created a "Tulpa"? If you have, What,s your story?
Why does Florida have such a crazy reputation?
Male Redditors on a scale from 1-10 how bad does your penis hurt when you wake up in the morning after you held your pee for so long?
What is the most nostalgic song for you and why?
How does the way your parents think you are differ from how you really are?
What is the cringiest thing you have ever witnessed?
What are some good/interesting nonfiction books everyone should read?
What things make you the opposite of cringe?
Why do they tried to kill them?
TIL that small/flaccid penis was considered aesthetically pleasing/sign of intelligence and self control and other such things in Greece in the past. What are other things that were viewed differently/opposite of what they are viewed as today ?
"You never get a second chance to make a first impression" - What went wrong the first time you met someone, and how did it turn out?
What’s are some examples of a person’s reputation going from 0-100?
How are the things?
Gamers of reddit, what small game online community you wish could gain more population?
Disney costumed characters and any other theme parks (i.e. Six Flags, Busch Gardens, Hershey Park, etc.), talk to me about your experiences. Do a lot of weird things happen? How do you deal with the weather in those suits, specifically Disney costumed characters in Orlando?
Rich Redditors, how did you achieve it? [Serious]
Females of Reddit, what’s the #1 thing you judge when visiting a guy’s house for the first time?
What is the most unprofessional thing that you have ever seen someone do?
What is the nicest random act of kindness you've ever received?
If you could buy one thing, any one thing, what would you buy and why?
Redditors who have a romantic backstory of how they met their SO's, what's your story?
What are some challenges you think the next generation will face?
What is a stereotype that you have about British people that you want to now whether it is true or not ?
What was the best beautiful dream you have ever had?
When is the last time you filled up your car with gas?
What would happen to someone that ate maple syrup that’s been expired for two years?
What should you do if people find you intolerable?
People who’ve had corona, what should we look out for symptom-wise?
If you could send your December 2019 self a letter, what would it say?
If 2:30 is “Dentist Time” (tooth hurty) and 9:50 is “Cowboy Time” (ten to ten, ten to ten, ten to ten ten ten) what other “times” are there?
Have y'all any experienced anything of such magnitude that just changed your life forever ?what kind of change that was and how does it feel after that?
Flatmate moved out a month ago and signed a 1 year lease. He's paying rent but our flat rate water bill and internet bill are now more expensive because of his departure. Can we reasonably ask him to cover the flat rate bills? Gas/Electric is different as this is variable so we won't ask him to pay.
Your parents (any) caught you masturbating. What would you do?
If you could go back in time and warn one person, who would you warn and for what?
What is your reason for living?
What job or proffesion is underrated?
Dear Reddit, what are some of your favorite board games and the house rules you play?
What single casting change would make an otherwise forgettable or terrible movie more memorable?
When have you been wrong about somebody?
You are going to a place you can’t come back from, what non living thing will you carry there with you ?
If you could go back in time and fix one of your mistakes, just one, what mistake would you fix and why?
What thing or activity is a tax on the stupid?
What would you name your godslaying, demonbane, omnioverpowered weapon?
What activity looks dangerous but is actually harmless?
People who are related to celebrities and public figures, what are your best/worst experiences?
How well stocked are your grocery stores?
What are some small things to buy to massively improve your life?
What people think of you when they first meet you that is totally incorrect?
Why is saber best girl
What do you do when you're broke mentally, , emotionally, spiritually &amp; physically?
What is your most embarrassing “oops the camera wasn’t off” story?
Dads do you ever see your child and think that someone else would be in their position if you had put a condom one less or one more time and why?
What was your don't tell mom/dad moment?
People of Reddit who were reunited with and old partner and hit it off, explain you're story will you?
How did you react to the ending of the game A Way Out?
What do you think about Canada’s relationship with the USA?
why have you adopted the antinatalism philosophy?
Hairdressers barbers or whatever you want to call yourself who's hair is generally easier to cut men's hair or women's?
Girls of Reddit: what is the easiest way to make you become interested in a guy?
What is the most satisfying thing you have experienced?
Students and Teachers of Reddit, what is the worst thing to happen so far during an online class?
To what extent are your parents strict? Why are they strict?
7/11 conspiracy theorists, what makes you believe that 7/11 was a part time job?
You have the next 12 months to work remotely and money isn't an option — which city / country do you relocate to?
Hypochondriacs of reddit, how you doing?
What if we treated global warming as seriously as we’re treating the current situation?
Europeans of Reddit, there are a lot of Americans that say they want to move and often idealize life in Europe (esp France and Norway) What are best upsides and biggest downsides of living in your specific country?
Fellow college students of Reddit, what is your longest day of classes?
What do your family argue about the most?
Fisherman of Reddit, what was your biggest catch?
People who aren't usually scared by movies, what movie really scared you?
What are some good (non-sensationalized) articles/pieces about Donald Trump that you can share with people who still love him, that may begin to change their perspective?
Why don’t republicans understand that soaking the rich and having universal health care, education, and a stronger social safety net make the economy stronger?
What is something most people have not experienced but is actually easy to do?
What did you do as a child that to this day confuses you?
What is the funniest moment happened in your life?
what short lived TV show do you wish got really popular?
What is your daily routine simply described?
How do you fit in normal society when you’re a brontosaurus?
Is it far out to think Canada and USA could have another civil war?
What are the complete words to the Trolli commercial where they eat the tree’s hand?
Gamers of Reddit, what game has the vast soundtrack?
What are some great things that happened in 2020 that haven’t got much attention?
What events in history happened on your birthday?
What's the main rule of the internet?
If life had in-app purchases, what would they be?
What is your "Dammit! I thought I turned off the mic!" story from the last few weeks?
What celebrities are no good at puters?
Have you ever had to eat at somebody's house who served you horrible food. How did that go down?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told your current/former significant other?
What is the most important thing to you?
What is a good manga/anime for adults?
Stimulus checks came out but they are a $1200 bill with Trumps face on it (a trump dollar) and when you spend it, you don’t get change back, what do you do with it?
When did you realise you were in too deep?
What are some unusual weather conditions that you just find absolutely perfect?
What's a dumb thing thing you've done in an attempt to extract sex from someone?
If the pressure in a column is only due to the height of the water in the column why aren't more toilet tanks columnar rather than wide?
If there was one company name you could take and change the product, who/what would it be?
how can i get karma points?
what fandom is dying but you still cling on too?
Why do you care if distant people (no personal relationships) live or die? If you're religious, won't they get what they deserve or follow a natural cycle? If you're an atheist, won't they just cease to exist and whatever?
What is something your parents forced upon you, that seemed useless, but came in handy afterall?
What great things have come to an end this year?
Steam users with massive backlogs, why do you keep adding to your collections?
What great thing has come to an end this year?
What is the safest way to handle a package in today’s current state?
people who repost, why?
Who is the rudest celebrity you have met?
What's your favourite board game and why?
People who hoarded all the T.P... How's that stash working out for ya?
What's your favourite smell?
What's the creepiest website you've ever stumbled upon ?
If you could have any magic power, what type of magic would you pick and why?
What's your favourite board game and why?
What’s the worst way you’ve been dumped?
What are some really cool unknown subreddits to kill time with during quarantaine?
What is a shower thought you had?
What is the meaning of warranty and guarantee?
[SERIOUS] What decision did you make that had a way bigger consequence that you thought it would?
Which letter is silent in the word "Scent" the S or the C?
People of Reddit, what race are you attracted to and why?
If life was a game, what level up (level=age) bonus would you get?
[Serious] Mostly for people in their thirties and above: How, if at all, does your "aesthetic" preference in potential partners evolve over time?
Guys, when it comes to boobs, how big is too big?
what odd smells do you enjoy?
What are some fun projects for an novice programmer to do while in self-isolation?
When did one small thing go terribly wrong?
What is something that makes you optimistic about the future?
From a person that never traveled abroad: What's the most traditional food from where you live?
What are some good ww2 pick up lines?
Who is a celebrity you admire?
What are some of those perfect comebacks you’ve thought of a little to late?
When a movie is made of all this (comedy, drama, anything), who will be made into a character, and what actor will play them?
what question would you LOVE to be asked?
How do you respond when your family shits on your tastes?
Hey Reddit, what do you think is the new normal after the public health crisis brought about by COVID-19?
What food pretends to be healthy, but actually isn’t?
What's the worst job that not many people knows it exists? [Serious]
Olympians of Reddit, what stories do you have from staying at the Olympic Village?
What phobia do you have?
What was your weirdest dream you've ever had?
What's a little-known fact about the country you're from?
What's the worst film from your second favourite director?
ADAs of reddit, what is your job actually like compared to the way it’s portrayed in the media (in shows like Law and Order SVU)?
people who repos, why?
How was it better back in your day?
People with extensive knowledge on a certain subject, what have you let ignorant people go on about?
What's the shortest amount of time you've been in a relationship for? Why was it so short?
What's the worst thing you've doon while cooking or if you're a chef?
Why do people care if "distant people" (that is, people who you have no personal relationship with) die? if you're religious, isn't that person just going to get what he deserves or what always happens? if you're an atheist, won't that person just cease to exist and whatever?
What are you going to do once this is all over?
What would you do if all the sudden there was daylight in the night and darkness in the daytime?
What joke always starts as a joke but always turns into something different?
What's the coolest thing you've ever won?
Who do you blame and why do you blame them?
What's the effect of cocaine un your body?
Since everybody judges. What do you judge people on most?
What's the deal with marxism?
What would a person say that would make you think that they are smart?
Whats the worst thing you can do while cooking or if you're a chef
Anyone who has been to a wedding where someone objected, why and what happened after?
How would you describe an iconic vehicle from any movie in order to get people to guess the movie without giving the name of that movie?
A lot of people think sh*t about germans, what do you think about them ?
[nsfw] Has anyone here actually used a glory hole? If so, what’s the story?
At what point did you realise you weren’t a child anymore?
Reddit, why does St. Louis never seem to be able to keep an NFL football team?
If you can choose any superpower, what would it be and why?
Americans of Reddit, what do you HATE about your country?
Veteran redditors, are you still going to be using reddit when they force everyone to use the new design?
What’s something most people do in their normal everyday life that you find completely unnecessary?
How to become un-lazy and get your shit together?
[Serious] Transgender people of Reddit: What is experiencing dysphoria like?
How many cells are responsible to an average human being's visual field?
What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?
What sfw sub shouldn’t be?
Is it ok for an 11 year old boy to masturbate?
What's your favorite sex position and why?
What's the best thing a Phlebotomist can say to calm you down, when having a blood test?
What is the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
What's a rule for you and SO when dating?
You have 1 hour to travel to a safe location before a zombie apocalypse comes. Where do you go?
Girls of Reddit, what is something that guys don't know/understand about your gender but wished they did?
What word comes from your language and is used in many other languages?
What games do you cheat at and how do you go about cheating?
People always say "relationships take work", how do you tell the difference between obstacles you're meant to overcome, and obstacles indicating you're not meant to be?
Redditors that have been diagnosed with Major Depression, what medication helped you? What was your experience?
You learn from your mistakes, what have you learned from a past mistake?
What is the most naughty game of truth or dare that you have ever played?
What was the most relaxing moment of your life?
People who have had braces past 20, how was your experience?
What product have you purchased that has done wonders for something you have been suffering with? How has it helped?
What are some tips to cope with anxiety tics?
Do u think that Covid-19 was planned ?
What is the most satisfying thing you've been told by your partner after sex?
People who gets straight A’s, how’d you do it?
Congratulations the afterlife is real and infinitely customizable. So what would be your Ideal afterlife?
What is something you've been doing your whole life and still not bored of it?
what was the first videogame you have ever played?
What is one thing that really annoys you about the opposite sex?
Will deodorant be optional when isolation is over?
Reddit, do you think Seattle or Kansas City will ever get another NBA team? Why or why not?
Reddit deletes every account i make?
What do you think of socialism?
What role(s), be they TV show or movie, do you feel were perfectly cast?
What’s the kindest thing a person has ever done for you?
Why don't we run adoption shelters for humans?
What's the most bizarre thing you have ever seen on redfit?
People of Reddit whose name appeared somewhere in the really small print of the movie credits, what exactly did you do (and how much did it pay)?
What is the most bizarre charity you've ever heard of?
what is a common phrase that people say wrong or misinterpret?
If you could take one celebrity out on a date, who would it be?
People of reddit, when did you realize that this present crisis was serious?
Have you ever fallen for a scam? How did they get you?
People who cut off other drivers, what do you do with all that extra time?
What is the first thing you will do in Heaven?
When was the last time that you were truly happy?
If you have ever blocked someone on reddit, why did you do it?
People who have deleted tinder. Why?
What role(s), be they TV shows or movies, do you feel we’re perfectly cast?
What did you want to become when you were kids, and did it come true?
Congratulations the afterlife I real and guess what it is infinitely customizable so what would be your Ideal afterlife?
What was the best/worst thing you've ever received within somebody's will?
What do you want written on your tombstone when you pass away?
What is the most funniest thing you've seen happen during a work video conference call?
Girls, what do guys do that make you REALLY horny?
Don't you just love the feeling of waking up the morning, drinking a tall glass of water, and feeling your humanity restore as your eyes begin to lubricate?
What movie scene do you hope or expect to end differently every time you watch it?
Why are tattooed people bad with kids?
What if a naughty child wishes for a lump of coal for christmas?
If you discovered a hot tub time machine that took you into the past, where would you want it to take you?
If life was a game, what would be some loading screen tips?
What do you think of people having guns at home?
Is it just me or does it seem like all these Redditors with free time at home are discovering tons of dope content to post?
How would you make politics more likeable ?
What famous people were classmates?
With masks being recommended for wearing in public during the corona pandemic, where are the clowns at?
Reddit, what is one thing that just emotionally broke you when you found out or were told?
If you had the opportunity to move away with your s/o away from your family if it meant you could grow. Why would you or not?
Redditors you have a dream that no matter how hard you try you can’t find any clothes to wear and you’re naked in public, what do you do?
What's the biggest thing you hid from your parents as a teenager?
You fall into a coma and wake up in 2050, what is the first thing you google?
[SERIOUS] what was the one story of the relative that you were never aloud to be around?
Why does nobody look at the newest question?
What happens if you put mentos in Diet Coke?
Atheists - What moment(s) started your doubt about religious beliefs?
What is your weight loss routine and how long you've been doing it?
Mothers, what has been the worst time that your has water broke?
Who is the most famous person you've had sex with?
What is the best theme song ever?
What’s your story? Why is that your story?
Have you ever been to a wedding where someone objected? How did that go?
What cartoon character would you vote for President?
The internet shuts down in 1 hour. It will NEVER be back up again. How do you spend this hour?
One year from today, what will we look back and say was the BEST thing that came from this global shutdown?
What is something you’ve done that was so empowering at the time it gives you chills thinking about it?
Which subreddit has a surprisingly small subscribers count compared to its content?
Which truth is easier to ignore than process right now?
what are some cool hobbies to try out during quarantine?
What is your favorite Zoom background?
What's your favorite fast food?
So what do you think is going to be included in YouTube rewind 2020 so far?
Girls of Reddit, How does is feel when a guy talks about your chest?
What is something you never want to hear?
Average looking people in a relationship with an average looking partner, what would you do if someone really, really good-looking asked you to leave your current partner for them?
People of reddit,what do you enjoy?
If a spider has 8 legs but a human only has two; how annoyed are you that you just lost the game?
What new product did you see come out and realize you came up with a similar idea in your head years ago?
Do you mind tipping before you are served such as food delivery services, and why?
How do camera crews hide their cameras in films when it’s shot from multiple different angles?
One month ago, if someone told you that in a month all businesses, would be shut down, all events cancelled, the sports industry frozen, millions of people out of work, world economies tanked, and everyone ordered by the government to stay at home and away from each other, what would you have said?
What's the weirdest thing you did as a teen?
If you had the chance to talk to your younger self, what would you say?
Those with parents of different countries, how do you think your life would be different if your parents' nationalities were swapped?
What song is a real BANGER but the lyrics make no sense?
Who is your unusual celebrity/character crush?
Who are some passionate kissers in porn?
Why did you start taking drugs and why do you regret it/ don't regret it?
People who actually tried to play raid shadow legends how it was?
If people respect you for accepting yourself as you are, why do they reject you for knowing you don't have any real value, as per their continual rejection?
If you discovered a hot tub time machine that took you into the past, where would it take you?
Halloween fans on Reddit, how do you feel about Halloween Kills being cancelled?
What was your most satisfying comeback in an argument?
Who was your first kiss?
Non-Americans of Reddit, when do you feel that Reddit is "too Americanized"?
What is one adjective you don't have a problem with, but most people find offensive?
Did your family ever have that one creepy relative if so what was the story?
What is the worst subreddit?
Where is a place (on reddit) to talk and ask about The Hbboit?
what gives you major second-hand embarrassment?
who's your favourite waifu ?
What is something that is absolutely not as worth as you thought it would be?
Who is the rudest celebrity you have met?
what trucks are examples on how not to build a truck?
Who is 39and loves his mama?
how to get rid of cold sores ?
Women of reddit, what happens if you look down your shirt and spell the word "attic"?
Couples how did you find you boyfriend/girlfriend ?
People with broken phones how do they annoy you?
“The freer the market, the freer the people” how much do you agree with this statement and why?
[Serious] Do you trust the American justice system? Why/why not?
If you could read your favourite book for the first time again, which book would you choose?
What was the worst thing to happen to you when you've given a public speech?
Dear reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you did as a kid?
Gamers of reddit, what's the best "ur mom" insult you've ever heard from your opponent?
so Reddit, how did a family member of yours made your life insufferable?
Why must one imagine Sisyphus happy?
Activists of reddit, what made you one?
What’s the most passive aggressive thing you have done to someone?
Non-Americans of Reddit, when do you especially feel that Reddit is mostly full of Americans?
What are some creative ways a husband and wife can tell their parents they're pregnant with grandchild #1?
If you had died, what would be the one thing the you WOULD want your parents to discover about you?
How effective are homemade masks? What percentage (like N95) is needed to protect against viruses?
What are the consequences of telling the president, "no, stop, I am talking" during a press conference? For instance, what would happen to Dr. Fauci if he told Trump the back-off when asked to not answer a question, or a journalist told Trump to listen to their question?
Why do foreigners hate President Trump so much?
What Is Better with 4,5 inch of circonference in terms of choosing condom size?
What do you think about the new format of some T.V. shows?
Is anyone else audio clairvoyant like me?
Will Marvel be able to pull-off next Endgame level event in next 10 years?
What is the best general life advice you've ever received?
Should we knock on bathroom doors before we walk in even if the door is locked or not?
Seriously, what the fuck happens to all those missing socks?
What annoys you about social media?
What is the bast way to start a conversation?
What is the nicest indirect compliment?
Who is the absolutely, the worst celebrity to meet?
What are companys' arguments against allowing employees to work from home if the job can be done remotely?
What are your thoughts on drinking room temp or warm water vs. cold water? Filtered vs. unfiltered?
If you change the education system, what changes would you make?
What is the the strangest hobby you or someone you know have?
What achievement of yours are you most proud of?
What have you bought for cheap but sold because it was actually expensive?
Non-Americans of Reddit, do you feel that Reddit is "too Americanized"?
With 4,5 inch of circonference , should be used snugger fit condoms or Is Better to remain with standards?
[Serious] What would it take to have an international committee remove a president? Is it possible? What would the process be?
Who is your role model?
Exist a sub-reddit to talk and ask about The Hobbit?
What's a superpower with no downsides/disadvantages?
What is a weird body fact?
Assuming aliens exist, come to Earth and start living among us. What will be the biggest political issues?
what is the most weird fetish someone proposed to you, that you actually did?
What are your top 3 favorite ‘feel good’ albums?
If you could go back in time and relive your childhood, would you? What would you do differently?
If you could live in any time period what would it be and why?
Paparazzis of Reddit, what’s your craziest story with a celebrity?
What’s two tv-shows would be amazing if they’re mixed?
[Serious] Those with living grandparents/elderly parents, what would happen if, on their deathbed, they announced they left everything to charity?
What game legitimately scared you and why?
What are some unwritten rules in your town/city?
What are some phrases that normal people can use to call pedophiles that reffer to themselves as MAPs or Pears?
Who is the meanest / most off putting celebrity you have ever met?
Which is worse, physical torture or psychological torture ? Why ? Which kind of torture would break YOU faster ?
What signs did someone give you that they wanted to do it that you missed and are now regretting?
[Serious] How come female strangers are attractive but sisters and cousins aren’t?
What is a great song for every mood?
How would you describe your favorite videogame as a Youtube clickbait title?
Why y'all still alive?
Erotica Writers or Readers of reddit, what erotica tropes ruin your experience?
What food have you eaten that grossed you out midway through?
What do you think about the new formatting of some T.V. shows?
How would you advertise something you wanted to sell?
You are allowed to kill one person for free without any punishment, who do you kill?
Adopted People of Reddit, What's Your Story?
What made you Cringe so hard in public, that people looked weird at you?
How much harder is it to have a positive income when you have a wife and kids as opposed to no having no kids? [SERIOUS]
I'm 4,5 inch of circonference , should i try snugger fit or Is It Better to remain with standard?
What should you do if your mum comes out as lesbian to you?
What are some options for belts for people who are allergic to nickel?
When are you most happy?
What is a song that you łove lyrically, but hate musically?
What’s the worst advice you’ve received from your parents?
What do/did you do for a living?
People who have taken heritage testing, who is the most interesting/craziest person you are related to?
Who's your favorite fairy tale villain?
Your gender is switched what is the 2nd thing you do?
American Redditors who were alive during the 9/11 attack, how does the level of worriedness and uncertainty from today compare to that time?
How many "essential workers" don't feel very "Essential" at this moment in time?
People who know how to lucid dream, what do you usually do in the dream?
To League of Legends players, what was your “I’m glad this is a skill” moment?
Where was the best place that you've been on holiday? Why?
The purge is going on what do you do and why?
Pimple lovers of reddit, what are your fave kind to pop?
Journalists of Reddit, what would you write about right now if the pandemic didn’t exist?
What is the happiest thing that has happened to you in the past 24 hours?
When was the last time you made somebody else laugh, and why/how?
Serious replies please. When were you able to get the ultimate revenge on someone who did you wrong?
When did one small thing to terribly wrong?
When will religion end and what will the world be like then?
What movie title sounds better if you replace one word with your name?
Event planners or any sort of planners what was the best event you ever pulled off?
Game Masters, what’s the dumbest way a PC got their character killed?
Where were you yesterday? Where will you be tomorrow? Are you happy where you are now?
Gamers of Reddit, what was the buggiest game, Program or flash game, you've ever played?
What makes you happy when you are suddenly sad and out of hope?
Who is the most horrible celebrity you've ever met? What was the experience?
[Serious] What was the most intense physical pain you've ever experienced?
People with tattoos: What is the meaning behind yours, if any?
People who have taken ancestry tests, who is the most interesting/craziest person you're related to?
Is visiting your friends irresponsible right now, or is it alright to shoot BB guns in the backyard?
Gamers of reddit which hack and slash game I should get on nintendo switch or nintendo 3ds
What is your most embarrassing boner?
Making New Playlists. What Songs do you Love to Hate?
Chefs who have been in TV cooking competitions, what is it like?
What is something that we can learn well in 2 weeks time ?
What's the best job you've ever had?
Which word in English can be repeated the most times in a sentence?
Why does 70s and 80s NBA basketball always seem much more fun to watch then modern basketball?
What's the dumbest thing you did cause "everybody was doing it"?
People of reddit, what was the one time you genuinely thought you were going to die?
What is the best advice you can give to someone going through a friend break up?
Why are you alive?
"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger" When is this not the case?
Those who got a job right at 15-16 why? Do you regret not sticking out those two years before sticking yourself to work for life?
What helps you fall asleep?
People Who Follow Celebrities' Lives Outside of Movies, Why Do You Care?
Redditors who were given gold, what does it feel like?
On a Date, went to the bathroom, did the nº2 and there's no toilet paper. What do you do?
How come America has many intelligence agencies besides the CIA and FBI even though there isn’t enough intelligence in America for one agency, never mind more than one?
What is your favourite Star Wars line?
Will anyone be my friend?
What backhanded compliment did you receive and not realize was backhanded for the longest time?
On first glance, Boris Johnson looks like the British version of Trump, how much of that is actually true?
What keeps you entertained nowadays?
People who have had a sugar daddy/mommy and sugar baby relationship, how did it start? And what ended up happening?
How long would it take to name all the stars in the universe?
People who have been to Mckamey Manor or have friends that went, what was it like?
Circumcised men of Reddit, do you ever wish you hadn't been? What would it feel like?
What if the death penalty never existed?
What is the strangest craft beer “flavor” that you have seen or tried?
What did you do today?
How would being sent a nude right now change your life?
What's the funniest thing your SO has ever said to you?
If you could poll every single person in the world, what would you ask?
People who were head over heels for someone who didn’t feel the same way, what made you snap back into reality?
What's your defintion of insanity?
What is one thing you have learned about yourself duing isolation?
You can ask one person in history a single question. What is the question and who are you asking?
What do people outside of Australia think of Australians?
Couples of reddit : How do you deal with quarantining away from your SO? (Serious)
What was the biggest simp you've ever seen ?
What is a situation where second chances shouldn’t be given?
SIMP is a strange term, what are some more normal alternative phrases that relate to this beautiful word?
When a situation ultimately comes to the person saying "fuck it". What percent of these "fuck it" situations turn out successful?
What’s a good podcast recommendation for somebody who’s never actually listened to a podcast before?
To those stuck home during this pandemic, what have you accomplished in the time so far?
Redditors what’s ur tip during isolation?
What's a question you want answered?
Anyone who is temporarily off work because of cv19, how are you making ends meet financially?
It's always a trip to investigate what other people are into. What makes you click on someone's Reddit profile? Have you ever seen something on someone's profile that totally shocked or intrigued you?
The most recent video you watched on youtube is the cause for your death how will you die?
What's a random encounter you have had with a pro athlete away from the the game?
Was there a time where you were dating a person or just getting to know them via online and they just stopped talking only to find out that they died?
In regards to washing the dishes, beyond the last dish, when are you finished “washing the dishes”? What are the extra duties?
What was the last meal you ate in a restaurant before all this started? What's the first meal out you want to have after it's over?
Without telling the name, what's your favorite song ?
What isn't an Olympic sport that should be? Or what is an Olympic sport that shouldn't be?
You are abducted by aliens what's the first thing you ask?
Gatekeeping aside, what is an actually accurate way to tell someone is new to your fandom or hobby?
What's the sleaziest and humorous abuse you heard and your mind was blown?
Do you think water is wet? Why or why not?
What is the biggest realization about the world you had while growing up and when did you have it?
Do you think water is wet, and why?
What makes you want to keep going everyday?
What does feel worse to you, hunger or sleep deprivation?
Have you ever heard someone's voice and drew a mental picture of them, and then found they were totally different when you saw them in person?
Disregarding the actual legality of it, would you support a push for legislation making it illegal for restaurants to serve unhealthy foods? Why or why not?
Redditors, your new roommate is an alien and needs to understand social customs! What's the first thing you teach them?
How to get rid of your stalking habit ? Is it a choice or just a habit ?
Step ______ what are you doing?
What was your greeatest realization about how the world works you learned after growingn up?
What seems difficult to do but is easy once you start doing it?
Sugar daddy’s/mummy’s/babies what are your horror stories, weirdest requests etc?
The year is 2050, what do you google first?
Where does one start with learning world politics and historical events?
When is random better than perfect?
What superhero ability is realistically achievable?
What are some tips for getting through the first day of potty training?
People of reddit, what type of topics light you up in a passionate fit towards/against the subject?(serious)
What things you like the most and can't leave it?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told that you got away with?
You've been tasked with making a porn parody of any movie or TV show you want. What's the title of the movie you make?
What is your biggest fear?
[SERIOUS] What were some of the greatest season finales TV shows had?
What are some songs that have music that sounds happy, but lyrics that are sad; such as Just to See You Smile, by Tim McGraw? Or what are some songs with sad music but happy lyrics?
Anyone else want COVID-19 to collapse this disgusting global capitalist system? (No, I am not a communist/socialist, I’m just a simple man who is tired of greed being placed over love and our shared humanity)
People still playing on old consoles (ps3 &amp; Xbox360)? How come and what is it like?
Atheists of reddit, do you think you’re superior to religious people?
What’s the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
How has corporate greed ruined a part of something you enjoy?
Without using numbers, what is your height?
If you see a Dyke struggling with her groceries, are you supposed to help her or let her be the man she wants to be?
What was the coolest or weirdest thing you found whilst geocaching?
Has one on unemployment received the extra $600 unemployment benefit?
Why will Carole Baskin overtake Karen as the most hated woman in the world?
What came first: Gwyneth Paltrow or the egg?
What are some certificates/classes that you can take to help you curve this boredom, that will actually benefit you in the real world?
Who is someone you met, and what did they do, that made you feel so alive?
Can anybody give me an idea of where to start with world politics? I'd like to learn all events, so what's the first place I start with?
If you had the opportunity to name your child, what would be the very worst name your imagination could dream up?
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
What item do you own that you're sentimental about and why?
In what way are you an asshole?
What is the most annoying "card" people play to try to "win" an argument with you?
What is the most toxic internet Fandom/Community?
how do u tag videos?
What are some very subtle ways to say “fuck you” in a conversation.
When their earthen mouths will open up, just what words will come out?
What do we say to the god of death ?
What has the worst thing about quarantine been?
how do u tag videos
What idea do you have to make the best TV show ever?
Men on Reddit, what's your kryptonite ?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
What subreddit makes you feel superior to other people on the sub whenever you visit it?
What items have you lost in school? Were you able to recover them?
What gives a redditor away in the real world?
What is the worst pain you have ever experienced?
Redditors who have fucked someone at least reasonably famous, spill the beans: Who was it, were they any good, and how dank was their schlong (or snizz)?
People who met keanu reeves. What happened?
What is the most out of context thing you've witnessed?
What’s not supposed to be scary but is?
How does Mr Beast fund his videos?
Do you also just look at the mirror and think,”damn I’m me, I’m in this body”?
If we had to choose a leader to represent the world, how do you think this will pan out with the current leaders/ nations?
What’s a place you would like to see with no people in it?
What is extremely rare thing but people think it is very common?
What’s something you always assumed you would be good at, despite having no evidence whatsoever?
What words or phrases that other languages have but the English language doesn’t?
What is one time where you have felt genuine fear?
Redditors with online education, what’s the weirdest you’ve overheard when someone had their microphone on?
What pieces of advice do you hesitate dispensing IRL for fear they could reveal something about you?
What’s a place you would want to see now with no people in it due to quarantine?
You managed to find a genie and it granted you three wishes. This genie won't give any rules, instead, he will grant you literally anything you want. How are you gonna spend your wishes?
What was the first movie you remember seeing in the theater?
Gamers and students of reddits, are you secretly gaming during class? If so, what are these games?
What is your best pickup line?
What's a good Title for a post on r/AskReddit to get karma?
If you had your own statistics profile, what would be your superpower and what would be your weakness?
Parents of reddit, what was the moment which made you think that having children was actually worth it?
What normal skill becomes suspicious if you become too good at it?
In cookie clicker, what do the wrinklers do when the grandmapocalypse is active?
What are some of the worst Name Combos?
What is the oldest subreddit?
What is the best “right place right time” story you’ve ever heard?
What is your gameplan for any kind of Apocalypse?
You are forced to leave your home country but you can choose any other country, which country will you pick and why ?
What are some stupid/fun things to do while stuck at home?
Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II provided quiet comfort in a televised five-minute address. One imagines several lights from the past possibly pulling it off, but whom among current leaders, from any discipline, might have done the same?
Americans of Reddit, what is it about Europe that amazes you so much?
What physical or mental disabilities do you suffer from, and how does it affect you on a day to day basis?
Gambling Addicts of reddit: What was the moment you realized you had a problem?
Batman urgently needs your help. How can he convince you that he really is Batman?
What is the most annoying thing that people with overgrown ego do?
What would you invent if you had the skills and resources?
What is the your worst injury ever?
If you could hangout with any person from any timeline for a day, who would it be?
What is an irrational fear you have? Is there a story behind it?
What is the nicest thing any one has done for you and why was it so important to you?
What is the most destructive super power ever imagined?
How do you cope up with boredom?
What are the best ways to make money online?
What are some stupid/fun things to do during lockdown?
What is the sluttiest thing you’ve ever done?
Who would win a fight (ttd) between a knight and a samurai assuming both were stripped off their armour?
What comment or post of yours do you think was underrated/too unnoticed?
Why aren't keyboards in alphabetical order?
Fuck humanity. Can anyone explain why anyone would choose willful ignorance and hatred?
If you could buy one thing to comfort yourself right now, what would it be and why?
What would be your ideal version of today?
What's on your mind?
What's your funniest 'me and the boys on a school trip' - story?
[serious] Are you afraid of dying, why? And why not?
What is the worst decision you have ever made in your life?
How long can lockdown last?
What is something that you hate that others love?
How old were you when girls/boys stopped being icky? Did you maybe skip the whole phase?
Truck drivers of Reddit, what was the craziest/most terrifying thing you saw happening on the road?
What can those of us who still have a source of income do to help the millions of people living paycheck to paycheck who have lost their jobs in this crisis?
Your most recent search on Google is the result of your death, how did you die?
You get to be friends with the cast of one movie or TV show, what do you pick?
If your username would be related to what turns you on, what would be your fetish?
What great ideas and innovations are being held back by politics and greed?
What’s the stupidest thing to be competitive over?
What song will always be a banger no matter the age?
Bosses of Reddit, what was the strangest thing you caught an employee doing and he messed up trying to explain it?
Why is everything in a network?
Say you were given a certain amount of money in cash (Let's say $500,000), and told you would be able to keep it if you successfully hid every cent of it from an entire town of people for 24 hours, how would you go about doing it?
Is comparing Biden to the Riddler in Batman kind of funny and, if so, why?
Who’s a celebrity you’ve met before?
What's the most interesting thing you've learned recently?
Straight people of reddit, what is the gayest experience you’ve ever had?
if you could remove 1 memory from your brain, what would it be?
Redditors, who had an arranged marriage. How's your marriage life?
What song can you recognize from the first two seconds?
What secret of yours could ruin your life if revealed?
What's your horror story at the salon/barber?
How much did classic polaroid film used to cost back in the day? Was it comparable to today’s prices?
How often did you delete your post on Reddit ?
What would you feel if you are not in the fight but got hit by someone?
If you could only go back in time once what time would you go to? What would you do?
You are forced to leave your home country but you can live in any other country ,which country will you choose ?
Who lives in a rock under the sea?
Why are you so into airpods? What's wrong with literally any other brand?
Upvote this post please?
What’s an app on your phone that you rarely use?
What is a food that you have always liked but missed out on in your youngest years because one or both of your parents weren't a fan?
Can you guys upvote this post?
What do you wish you could do naked?
What are some crazy dreams you've been having lately?
What’s the best way you got over a breakup?
Can you guys like this post? I need comment karma? Thx :)
Avid sports fans of Reddit, why is your sport the best on Earth?
What things have been happening in the world that have been overshadowed by the unmentionable current situation?
The orange object nearest to you is shoved up your ass, how bad is the damage?
What is one thing you have learned about yourslef duing isolation?
What's your favorite disgusting odor?
What is your most unethical life hack?
Is Cereal a Soup? Why or Why not?
What is something you didn't know that you learned about yourself during isolation?
you're given the chance to browse the internet, as it will be in the year 2050, for one hour. What do you search for?
What are some of the most messed up, offensive subs?
What is the longest you’ve gone without sleeping, was it worth it?
People who’ve met/worked for Ellen DeGeneres, what was your experience with her?
What's your favourite/the most interesting Wikipedia article that you've found?
What's a food you loved as a kid but hate now?
What was the best Rickroll you have ever seen?
What is the most evil prank you have pulled off?
Is marijuana capsules good/better than the actual weed that’s being rolled?
People who spent real money on Reddit to give people internet award, why and do you have any regrets?
What lie went too far?
What whacky methods have you or your parents come up with to entertain themselves?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing that has happened to you?
I know this doesn’t quite fit, but i have no other sub to go to, so: what is the ping world record currently set?
People who moved from their countries, how did you gather the strength to leave everyone and everything you love and move?
Write an answer. Other people have to guess the question. What do you write?
What’s the most amazing place in nature you’ve been?
What is the weirdest thing that you saw someone do in public?
How would you life change if you could carry a taser and an air horn with you?
Pet owners of reddit, how did your pet pick you?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
What is the nearest book to you? What does it say in the first sentence of page 107?
What achievement of yours are you most proud of?
Have you ever wanted to go on El Camino de Santiago? Who would you go with? What would you bring?
What smell/taste takes you back to your childhood?
Who is your real life hero, what did they do for you?
What is the best statistic you know?
If you could find out one stat about yourself, what would it be?
what is the stupidest answer you have received to a question you genuinely wanted to know?
People who live with a roommate, what was the strangest/funniest thing you caught them doing?
What are some fun facts?
Why doesn’t the U.N. Just start nuking nations who pose a threat? Is it really that MAD to assume we won’t blow each other up in some ww3 Armageddon type scenario?
Divorced Redditors, when did you know it was over?
What's gay no matter what gender?
Who is the stupidest person you have ever met, and what story perfectly depicts their stupidity?
You become a skilled hacker for a week how are you going to use your powers?
What is the most illogical thing your toddler has ever thrown a tantrum over?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?
Is there any clear choice on which type of mattress is most comfortable or best overall?
During This Period Of Working From Home, What’s The Most Embarrassing Thing That’s Happened While on a Group Call?
What have you believed that turned out to be true?
Who loved Lunchables as a child? What was your poison? Mini tacos? Hotdogs? The weird chocolate pizza?
What is the worst relatable situation everyone has?
How were you introduced to Reddit?
Why are redditors obsessed with people's mothers?
Redditors who grew up with strict parents, what freedom did you enjoy most after moving out?
You get to choose a show to play on television for the rest of eternity on an endless loop, but it plays the series in reverse from the last episode to the first, what show do you pick?
Jerks of Reddit: when is the last time you jerked someone?
What is something special about Redditer? Like, how to differentiate Redditer and normal people?
Men of Reddit, who is your celebrity man crush?
Why are you single?
What recently shut down activity, event, organization, etc. are we better off without?
Who is the worst celebrity you ever met?
Do you think relationships that start over the internet are inferior to those that are started by fate?
What are some true rules to live by?
When did you encounter a Kobayashi Maru? What did you do in your no win scenario?
What is crap, but it is actually the best thing ever?
What if one bought a bunch of various kinds of seeds and randomly sprinkled them throughout the neighborhood? Would anything grow?
Whats the funniest thing you have seen in urban dictionary?
Women of Reddit, what's your unwritten rule of being a woman?
What recently shut down activity, event, organization, etc. are better off without?
What is the BEST joke you know?
Tears for Fears of Reddit, why should we shout and let it all out?
Has anyone here drank 2 bottles of 5 hour energy? Did you get 10 hours of energy or 5 hours of double energy?
People who turned down a proposal, why? What ended up happening with that relationship?
Why do "influencers" think, people are interested in their daily routine?
If you could clone you’re self and have sex with yourself, is it gay, masturbation or incest?
Straight people of Reddit, when did you realize you’re straight?
If men are all the same, why do women choose so much?
What are the signs that you are wasting your life?
What is "but he started it!" a good excuse for outside of primary school?
What are some scary situations people can relate to?
If everything human made was to suddenly disappear, what would happen to you and would you survive?
When/How did you find out you’re allergic to something without an allergy test?
Students of Reddit, why are pupils who actually want to succeed often so hated on?
In terms of traits and character, which of these two characters (the Penguin or the Joker in Batman) represent best Trump and why?
What recently cancelled thing should be permanently cancelled?
What reddit sub started as a joke but now is serious?
Which celebrity is actually not a very nice person?
What's your favourite coping mechanism?
what incantations work best for summoning jesus?
What if South Vietnam won the vietnam war?
What is the basic purpose of reddit? How to get more Karmas and Why?
Reddiors who have one or more active alternative accounts, whats the story?
Who do you trust more than the Government?
Why is Goofy considered a person and Pluto considered a pet when they’re both dogs anyway?
How long is your current streak on ‘the game’?
Parents who kicked their kids out for being LGBT, what’s your side of the story? Do you regret it?
Asking for a school project: who is currently a student, working, furloughed, or permanently let go?
To all people living in the united states: How?
Duran Durans of Reddit, why do we spin you right round?
What "shutdown" activities should be permanently shut down?
With the world sheltering in place, will we see gains in the fight against other diseases?
What things make you very annoyed?
Couples in 15+ year relationships, what's the worst fight you ever had?
You Wake up,pick up the phone and open Reddit, an error appears: Reddit no longer exists, what will you do?
What was the most digusting thing you have ever seen so far in your life?
Teachers, when was it extremely obvious when a student was faking a n experience of theirs in an oral exam? What did that student say and what was that student’s grades?
What’s the real life equivalent of finding diamonds in Minecraft?
What happened to the child of a smoking/drinking pregnant mother that you know?
What's the most fucked up dream you've ever had?
Christians of Reddit, What is one rule of your Church you could do without ?
Benders of Reddit, why do you want to kill all humans?
Schoolkids of Reddit, what is your 'class meme?' What does your whole form laugh at?
What if COVID-19 never existed?
What’s a good sub to have an argument in?
Who is your country's national treasure?
What food looks utterly disgusting but tastes super delicious?
What’s the first thing you judge about a person, and why?
What gives you that “did I leave the fridge open” kinda vibe?
What do you put in your Dunkin’ coffee?
What was the most digusting thing you have ever seen?
What nation is doing horrible things to it's people that nobody really talks about?
Your city or town is now governed by the local MENSA chapter. What are some of the law changes that happen as a result?
Healthcare workers who work outside of the US - Are hospitals downsizing staff or cutting salaries due to COVID?
Who would you consider your country's national treasure to be? An example would be Betty White in America
What the biggest head-scratcher substitution your Instacart shopper has made on your order?
What do you guys wanna be when you give up?
What will win: An immovable object or an unstoppable force?
Have you ever woke up in the middle of a dream and the dream was so interesting that you wanted to go back to sleep to see the end of it? If so, what was the dream?
What's the worst thing about school that should be removed?
What's something both ludicrously hard to get(but still obtainable) and completely useless?
Historians and health professionals, if you were dropped in the past (pre 20th century) what would you do to maintain a modern hygiene standards? AKA- What would you use for toothpaste, body wash, deodorant, etc.
You wake up tomorrow, COVID-19 has been cured and the world is released from quarantine. What’s the first thing you do?
What competition would you not want to win?
Taking decisions as the squad leader in battle royale shooter games sometimes ends with the whole squad dead. And guess who's to blame. Fortunately it's only a video game. What real life decisions have you taken that drastically affected your team?
You get a dollar for every time you successfully manage to satisfy your BF / GF in bed. What do you do to become a billionaire in a year?
Parents/Older Siblings of Reddit, What is the Most Unexpected Thing You Have Had to Say to Your Child/Younger Sibling?
The roast you prepared for your boss is ruined. What if you were to purchase fast food and disguise it as your own cooking?
Ex-bridesmaids of reddit, what are some of the worst experiences you’ve had with the bride?
How do we escape the social media echo chamber and actually hear other perspectives now we're stuck at home?
What was the one dream you had you wish you could continue?
What's your the most honest reaction about you won a lottery ?
Do you think people get more ‘right winged’ as they get older? If so what could be the reason or reasons for it?
What body part do you wash first in the shower?
Did you lock your door? If ur not sure why not opening it?
Why are we here?
What is your favourite hot sauce?
What's that really stupid thing you have done that went unnoticed and you never told anyone?
What line from an anime made you cry immediately?
If a Neanderthal and a Home-sapian (us) mated and had a child, what would the child look like?
What’s something that you’re grateful for today?
People of reddit who suffered some form of damage what did you get compensation for?
Me taking decisions for my team in battle royale shooter games sometimes ends with the whole squad dead. And I'm blamed. But it's a video game. What decisions have you made that seriously affected a team you're working with in real life?
What is the scariest/weirdest encounter you’ve had with a person that made you fear for your life?
What’s a risk you took that didn’t pay off?
Has a complete stranger ever saved your life? If so, how?
What was the best way you dealt with an internet troll?
If you were arrested without explanation, what would your friends and family assume you've done ?
What's the funniest relationship break up story that you can share?
What’s your go to, quick and easy breakfast / lunch?
What is your biggest pet peeve about your significant other?
Why do some spiders let their babies eat them?
Teachers of Reddit, what's the worst excuse you've ever heard from a student?
Gente que estubo a punto del suicidio, que persona, recuerdo o cancion los salvo?
What’s your opinion on women with hairy legs?
What is some basic knowledge you realized way too late in your life that you just pretend you knew all along?
You have 12 hours to create civil war in every country on earth. How do you do it?
What's the most badass line you can come up with?
Consenting adults of reddit, what music do you put on during? (NSFW)
What video games portray real cities around the world that you can freely walk or drive through?
[Serious] Women of Reddit, what did your dad do right?
What video games have portray real cities around the world that you can freely walk or drive through?
Why did you choose your significant other? How did you know they were the one? What keeps you in the relationship? With all the billions of people on the planet, what made you choose your person?
What are two things that were made to be together?
What incident/ moment in your life made you believe in miracles?
[Serious] What is leadership?
Redditors who have gone back to an ex girlfriend or boyfriend... How did it turn out?
People who use headphones all day, has it had a negative effect on your hearing over the years?
Americans of Reddit, what are you doing during quarrentine that will help us escape this capitalistic nightmare?
When do you use an app simply because it's better than what you have found on the web? And vice-versa, when is the website simply superior for what you want to do?
Why did you choose your significant other? I mean, how did you know they were the one? What keeps you in the relationship? With all the billions of people on the planet, what made you choose your person?
What is the HIGHEST thing you've ever done?
When was one time you had to face your fear?
If you could change one letter to any word, what would it be?
If Bird Flu mutated to spread through the air between humans easily, how screwed would the world be?
How did you and your best friend became best friends?
How did you overcome depression even though you had nothing to hold on to?
What’s something you’re proud of?
Window cleaners of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you’ve seen through a customers window?
What's your best pickup line?
[serious]How are people working lower positions job treated in your country are they given enough respect and wages?
Women of Reddit, what did your dad do right?
What’s a great obscure song by a famous artist?
What are some skills or hobbies y'all are picking up during this quarantine?
If everyone except disabled people disappear how will they be able to rebuild society or will they slowly die out?
[Serious] People of Reddit who saw people they knew for the first time in Adult/porn films,what was your reaction?
How to stop engaging unneccasary discusions and the need to always be right?
What annoys you about other people living in the same house as you?
People who lucid dream, what was the most intense dream you have consciously had?
People of Reddit who know any porn/adult actors, what does their normal life is like and how is your encounter with them?
What’s something you surprisingly still don’t know how to do?
rono cycled from town r at an average speed of 72km/hr and took 3hours 30minutes to reach town s.kepha cycled the same distance and took 4 hours.what average speed wa kepha cycling
When did you realize that you were the “bad guy” in a situation?
If you had to choose an apocalyptic scenario to live in, which one would it be?
What game got you through tough times in life?
Smokers of reddit, how are you coping with your urges during this lockdown?
What are the best things to look forward to in adult life?
What's the higher message?
What game got you through tough times?
What's your best personality trait?
What's your biggest unintentional win?
If you went outside right now, what would be the first thing you see?
Who is the nicest celebrity you have met?
Guys that have been deployed on a Lifeboat, how was the experiences?
What animation character would you love to be?
What last made you laugh?
How would you describe 2020 so far?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve seen the human body do or make?
Visionaries no where to be seen during the covid 19 era- has anyone seen the likes of elon musk
How do you break up with someone? If that person is a crazy phycopath?
What's your motivation for answering this question?
If you could talk one animal language , which one would you choose ? and why ?
Reddit, who are the most overrated artist/artists?
What do people typically eat for breakfast in your country?
What is the best subbreddit overall in your opinion?
What is some weird wet dream you have had?
What is a wholesome YouTube channel that you follow and would happily share?
Ugly people of Reddit how did you find your BF/GF?
What was your favorite game as a kid?
Serial procrastinators of Reddit, what are you supposed to be doing right now?
What are some moments where you legitimately slapped someone?
If you could be absolutely anything you wanted for 24hours, what would you choose?
To the internet marketers, how can one be successful with 0 knowledge in marketing?
What do you desperately want to believe?
Today is Plan your Epitaph Day. What do you want your epitaph to be?
if you were on death row what would your last meal be?
Which 2 movies could be combined to make the best shared sequel?
Who are the worst people of reddit?
In 2010 everybody wanted to be an economist. In 2020 health workers take the spotlight. What was the bee's knees in past decade turns?
In what situations do you like to live dangerously?
How to reduce nitpicking?
What is something that you've created, made, or done, that you're very proud of?
Fighters of reddit what are your fight tips for beginners?
What's the one place you want to visit before you die?
How to identify that a girl is hitting on you?
People who are attracted to stupid people, why? [Serious]
With Tiger King being all the rage, which gene do you believe is dominant: the redneck or gay gene?
Teachers of Reddit who are making their students, send pictures of their work they’ve done at home, whats the strangest thing you’ve seen in the background of the pic?
What's your shining moment that everyone missed?
What if all the dead returned to Earth ??
Who’s your main in smash bros?
Throughout history, what is a good example of karma not catching up to someone?
What are life's biggest questions?
What was the most traumatic experience you've been through(if its too personal, it's best to not share it)?
Men of Reddit what is it about your girlfriends eating your ass do you find so enjoyable?
What is the most unexplainable thing that has ever occurred in your life?
People who are dead, Where are you now?
How can you filter your Reddit feed by NSFW?
What is the wisest thing someone has told you?
What are your craziest party stories?
You wake up on a raft in literal middle of the ocean, what do you do?
Sports fans, what’s the worst thing to happen in your respective teams’ history?
What are some unspoken rules of reddit?
What's your goto snack to pick up at a convenience store??
What’s the most awkward situation You’ve been in?
Gay people of reddit, what specifically attracts you to the same sex?
What are the unforgettable experiences you had in your life?
Why bo yuu thihk ttat thid quetion is meinknglss?
If there are an infinite number of universes, would this one be considered a good one to exist in, or a bad one? Why?
Imagine a fund where billionairs have to contribute all excess money above 2 billion - they'd still be billionaires, but hundreds of billions could be used to alleviate the crisis, would you support this billionaire-crisis-fund?
What will be your first reaction/words if you saw an alien standing in front of you?
What is a website you use often but don’t want anybody to know about?
What was the most traumatic experience you've ever been through but feel OK to tell? It's best to keep it to yourself if you don't feel like sharing it!
What movie you regret not seeing in theatre?
Parents of reddit, what's the craziest thing your child has done during quarantine?
[Serious] Entirety of Reddit - where are volunteers most needed right now?
What was your school's scandal?
What's the first thing to pop into your head when you read this?
People who believe China is lying about its numbers, do you actually have any proof or evidence to your claims?
What would weirdos be doing down near the gas station?
How can members be invited on a newly created community on Reddit?
People of Reddit, what premonitions or telepathic moments have you had?
Who would win: a jedi or a (hp world) wizard?
People of reddit what is the most scariest near death experience you've encountered
What standards have you just completely let go now that you are home all the time?
What movie you regret not seeing theatre?
Why is comparing Joe Biden to the Penguin in Batman funny?
Guys of reddit, what is an unwritten rule of being a guy?
When you joined a new school, what was the worst experience on your first day?
how to invite members on my newly created community on Reddit?
Which historical figures who seemed to be good people where actually pieces of shit?
Car inspectors of reddit, what is one thing you have found inside someone’s car you will never forget?
Has anyone slapped someone else on purpose?Not a play slap but a hard, 5 fingermark leaving slap?
U.S Army Veterans, what is the weirdest/worst piece of contraband you heard of being disposed in an 'amnesty room'?
Can you change your reddit username Yes or No? If so how can I change it ?
Anti-Vaccine people, how has the current world situation changed your perspective on vaccines, If it has? Would you take a vaccine tomorrow if they had one?
In 2010, everyone wanted to be an economist. In 2020, health workers take the spotlight. What was the bee's knees in past decade turns?
In 2010, everyone wanted to be an economist. In 2020, health workers take the spotlight. What was the bee's knees in past decade turns?
What do you miss most from the before time?
Police officers of reddit. What is the most hilarious call you’ve ever had to deal with?
What is your favourite song and why?
What is it like being average looking?
What character from a fictional work would you love to meet?
Excluding Pornography, what is a website you use often, but don’t want anyone to know about?
What is something new you have done in the last month?
What is the biggest thing/promotion/price you've got for a sexual favor?
Reddit, What Are Some Good Skills/Habits To Learn?
Where could you actually meet hot single mature women in your local area?
what are some good sites to watch free movies/shows?
What is the stupidest thing you've said to someone when trying to make them feel better?
What is your worst case of “I attract weird people”?
People who have dogs but no backyards, where do you dogs poop if you are in quarantine?
How would you describe Sex to kids?
What are some things that you learn the hard way in life?
If you could visit anyone, dead or alive, who would you visit and why?
What do you do with gifts (such as friendship bracelets etc) from someone that you’re no longer friends with?
[Serious]What myth about women is 100% false?
ladies of Reddit, what is the smoothest way a guy has show interest in hooking up/ wanting to date you?
What's one off the beaten track-website worth visiting?
Just outta interest how old is everybody here?
For those who have been through a divorce. When did you know without a doubt the marriage was over?
What is your “I knew them before they were famous” story?
What is one conspiracy theory you know for a fact that is absolutely true?
People who work in sex shops, what are some of your weirdest stories?
What things did you do just to impress your crush?
Bounty Hunters/Law Enforcers of Reddit, what are some of the creepiest places you've been into whilst on the job? (Serious)
What advice will you give to your past self ?
What is the least attractive accent?
You gain the ability to erase a total of 50000 people of your choice over any period of time, leaving no clue as to how or why they disappeared. How do you use this for your personal gain or to cause the most chaos?
People who participated in Harlem Shake videos, where are you now?
if you were a god for a day what would you do and why?
What questions can you ask a person to know them better and connect with them?
What's a friendlier alternative to "Fuck you" ?
What are your thoughts on the current Idubbbz situation?
Whats your biggest regret that you're still battling yourself over to this day?
How does one know if their cat is a bear?
What was the worst thing you've ever dreamed of?
How do people jog during the winter without getting a cold?
Who was the dumbest person you’ve ever met?
What kinds of things would you do if you could fly?
You have 3 security cams you her a bang they all go out and power too you are on t-mobile (no service) what to do ?
Anyone else think that with corona and staying indoors, we'll have another baby boomer era?
Former paranormal skeptics, what changed your mind?
What do you genuinely does not understand?
What show do you wish had another season?
What's the smoothest recovery you have ever made from a situation that you thought was irretrievable?
What do you do when no one is watching?
What was the most recent dream you enjoyed?
What was the dumbest thing you did as a kid that haunts you to this day?
Are you unwelcomed and why?
People whose biggest fear came true, was that fear then substituted by another one?
Why do sadness and horniness seem to go hand in hand?
What thing did you do just to impress your crush?
Has shit ever appeared on your pijama?
What is your earliest memory?
Are you Classy or Trashy? Why?
What are some good rabbit holes to watch in youtube?
You get 1 question to ask to your future self from 2030. What is it?
Hunters of Reddit, what’s the scariest thing you’ve witnessed in the dead of night?
Dear Elders of Reddit, which subreddit is both the best and the worst?
What is a good counterargument against:"if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear"?
You are offered $10000 if the next shit you take weighs over 5 pounds. What do you eat to ensure you meet the minimum weight required to win the money (no laxatives or shit enhancing drugs allowed) ?
Which celebrities were know as good celebrities but in reality they are the worst?
What do you want to be famous for?
Why do we hate TikTok?
Why do we hate TikTok?
Why do we hate TikTok?
What hasn’t been done by anyone?
Which conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
Gay Folks, how often do you fall for straight folks?
What will 2021 be like?
Which conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
How do you make going to work exciting when your job is boring?
Is a neighbor hanging tighty-whitie underwear out on the washline to dry after laundering a show of dominance?
Historian, Aidogdy Kurbanov, claims that Ernak, son of Attila the Hun, fled to the Kushans and possibly unified Hephthalite peoples and others to eventually make the hephthalite empire! Why did he come to this confusion and is he right?
What's the funniest substitute moment you've ever had?
What do women look like?
What are some significant things that have happened as a result of you not knowing your phone was on silent?
What have you overheard from strangers or people walking by that has stuck with you?
Why are you an incorrigible flirt?
What are some virtual events you'd like to experience during this time?
Should I buy a Nintendo switch for animal crossing?
When can pirating content be justified?
You are offered $10000 if the next shit you take weighs over 5 pounds. What do you eat to ensure you meet the minimum weight? No laxatives or shit enhancing drugs allowed
Hi Redditors! What is the thing theat almost kill you?
What is a good argument to: "if they have anything to hide, they have nothing to fear"?
What is a time you felt only despair and lost over all hope on something?
Teachers or students of reddit, When did that detention you gave or received seem stupid in hindsight?
Would people still believe in god if we find out about intelligent life form?(if they come on earth)
At what age did you get the friends you have now and how did it happen?
Given the state of the world right now, How are you holding up?
You got 60mil on a card to spend in 24 hours, Once the time is up the card is useless/locked. What did you purchase?
In what situation were u falsely accused, of either doing something good or bad?
Is pirating content morally wrong?
What random websites do you know that may keep isolation interesting?
Which Male Celebrities Would You Describe As ''Chads"?
Why all the hate directed towards conspiracy theorists?
Why is liking pineapple on pizza such a bad thing?
gamers, what game did you put 2000+ hours into?
What are conspiracy theorists thinking about the initial cause of Cov-19?
What does chemistry actually mean? Can you work on it or not?
In the next 1 billion years in what way do you think different animals will change evolutionarily?
What is your first memory from using the internet?
What do women look?
Is anyone tired of hearing, reading and talking of the virus?
What are some characteristics of someone who is smart and someone who isn’t?
If you could recast ANY movie, what movie would it be and which actors would you recast?
What is the first thing you would do if you woke up as the opposite gender?
If humans had tails, how would the world be different?
What's the weirdest thing you've done in a lucid dream?
What is crypto games and crypto dynasto? Has anyone experience with, and is it safe to use?
How does looking at old photos of yourself make you feel?
For South Park er, what is your favorite character?
Birds that fly south for the winter, why do you come back?
Who's the best fighter you ever saw, why?
What are some great scenes in otherwise terrible movies?
what is one dump thing you did and turned out to be something interesting ?
How do I Make BIRDS GO AWAY? HELP?!
What is the most illegal thing you think you could get away with doing?
People who use Bing as a search engine: Why?
20 5G masts burned in the UK - Why are people so willing to vilify technology without evidence (see also anti-vaxxers, chem-trails etc.), and how do you change their view?
If youtube videos gets deleted, can Video ID shows that it was deleted by users?
How do you think Tony Ferguson actually works out?
Do you believe that Covid-19 is man made and why ?
What are some cool subreddit banners?
what is the funniest joke you've heard?
In your opinion what percentage of your personality is traditionally masculine or feminine?
What items have greatly improved your quality of life everyday?
Whats a story you want to tell, but no one seems to care?
"Life is a game, and the only way to win is to die". Knowing that we all die, how do you lose at life?
Who is the most unkind celebrity you have met?
What are new skills that you've acquired for the past couple of weeks?
What Was Your Scariest Near Death Experience?
What’s the worst place u have woke up after a night out?
[Serious] How has your Mental Health lately?
Should I continue to watch “The Big Bang Theory”? Currently on S1E4. Show’s great but seems not funny at all. Am I only the one feeling this way?
What things/actions make you Really Really happy?
How are colleges handling the pandemic financially? Are people getting any money back since classes were probably cut short and a lot of students were kicked out of the dorms?
If sleep had a "Premium" version, what kind of features would it include?
Does honour killing still exists as a thing? How do you think we can eradicate it ?
What is the best riddle you've heard?
So i'm bored and i want to ask, are there any good mobile games that i can play on bluestacks apart from rodeo stampede and the battle cats
You're in a zombie apocalypse, the world is in chaos, what three celebrities do you choose to have with you and why?
[Serious] Why is Hilary Clinton hated by so many Americans?
What books would you recommend to someone who thinks reading is boring?
You know those memes about Covid 1-18? What would happen if the virus started in 2001?
What are some actual fun facts?
You wake up and all adults are suddenly dead and it's up for children and young adults to keep the human race alive, what will happen to the world?
What are good multiplayer games on Xbox for under $10?
Former The Voice show contestants! What was the song you've chosen for your audition and why?
Who was/is your celebrity crush?
Which evil character from an animated tv show would you like to interview and why?
People who have been in a coma; do you remember anything from being in it? Were you aware of what was going on? Could you hear anything?
What is the oldest thing you own?
Why did you sign up for Reddit?
Do you play Mario Kart? If so, who’s your go-to character?
How to occupy/ keep someone busy that gives you tasks constantly that you don't need?
What are your bad habbits?
Homosexuals of reddit, what's something about your home that turns you on the most and why?
What is the weirdest Asian culture you have ever encountered?
Just how often does stuff actually get lost in the post?
NSFW Farting during sex: natural or gross?
What is your worst experience in high school Tech class?
Parents of Reddit, why did you decide to have your own child instead of adopting?
That one outfit you have in your closet that you've always wanted to wear, but have nowhere to wear it to. What does it look like?
How did you meet the person who changed your life?
How do you eat your potatoes?
Which book made you cry?
What do you think about this cheating story? What would you do?
What's something you do on a daily basis but don't pay too much attention to?
What's the thing you want to tell the world about but is never asked in this sub ?
How is everyone? [Serious]
Those who still live rent free with their parents (or S/O's parents), where do you get your sense of entitlement?
Parents of Reddit, why dis you chose to have your own chips instead of adopting?
What mistakes do writers often do that ruins a show?
The internet is going to be closed forever tomorrow, how will you spend these last few hours?
Who’s your favorite youtuber?
At what age did you learn about the other side (NSFW) of the internet?
How many days of not replying to a message/call is an indication they're probably dead?
What's worse than finding out your wife is actually your sister?
What's worse than finding out your wife is actually your sister?
If a new season of 'Chapelle's Show' came out, what are some sketches that would appear in it?
Reddit, what's the hardest thing for you to hear that your S/O has said?
Which are the best meme accounts on instagram?
What are you going to do on your 100th birthday?
IF you could ask god for one wish what would it be?
You have a butler that can do anything that’s legal, but only on your property, what would you ask him to do?
What's the best game you have ever played? (Multi and Singleplayer), and why is it the best game you have ever played?
At what did did you learn about “the other side” of the internet?
Due to radiation from WW3, you have mutated into a horrific creature based on your characteristics. What do you become and what are your benefits and drawbacks?
If you were given the chance to go back in time and relive one day in your life exactly as it happened, would you take it and what day would that be?
People who didn't go to a university and ended up financially fine what is your story?
What was THE Incident in your town,school,friends-circle?
[Serious] Why do so many Americans hate Hilary Clinton? No conspiracy theories please
How to solve politics?
Overwatch or The new residents evil?
Chefs, what are your go-to spices for a meal (other than salt and pepper)?
What good things happened in these few weeks when you stuck at home?
People who grew up. You are now teleported to the moment your past self was for the first time told "you can be anyone when you grow up"and immidiatelly say who you becamed. How Will you react? What would you say you are?
How can I change location on tik tok ? I heard that you can do it if you get a SIM card from another country but I found service called callhippo which (from what I understand) can give you virtual phone number . Is that going to work?
What are you doing during online class?
People of Reddit who have met their Idol and were disappointed . What is your story ? (Serious)
What’s the scariest thing someone’s ever asked you?
What's your go-to sauce combination?
What’s something that STILL scares you from when you were a kid?
What is being human (War and selfishness set aside)?
Farting during sex: natural or gross?
What makes you the most nostalgic?
What came first the chicken or the egg ?
If you would compare your bank account to a brand, what would it be?
What’s the most Disturbing Video you’ve ever seen?
In school did any group ever try to act like the cast of that 70s Show?
Where do y'all keep the "next comment thread" button?
Who is the meanest celebrity you have met?
What's something that's obvious in hindsight but something you'd never have known about before you encountered it?
What time is it for you?
When adjusted to match your height, which land mammal would be the hardest to fight?
What do you hate about Gen Z?
Which weird tip would u like share to make others life better?
What are some underrated Youtube channels?
What are you gonna buy with your $1.2k?
Memers of r/askreddit, explain what you think about TikTok.
What if obama was still the president?
What do you say when your 86 year old grandmother asks you where babies come from?
When we press somewhere on our body and it hurts , why do we feel the need to do it again ?
You've discovered a substance that reverts any inanimate object to its former state. What do you use it for?
How often do you meditate?
How often do you mediate?
Where can you find an online clock that will not take snooze for an answer?
What's the most absurd excuse you ever used to cover up something?
2016 v.s. 2020. Which year is looking to be worst ?
What is the best website to use to find out about my Heritage and if I have any family out there?
What are some of the examples of governments that does their job at containing and preventing CoVid-19 damages?
When is it better to have too little a thing than too much?
How often do you mediate?
What is your biggest confession?
What are some ways to fix your sleeping schedule?
What is the most pointless superpower you can think of?
People who’s suffering from parental favoritism, how are you?
You know they just want you to bleed, right?
Xxx HD Yoga
What is the moment when people have forgotten you were there?
How did you get your heart ripped out?
What's a good conversation ANTI-starter?
What is something you could really do without?
What’s your best Helium Voice story?
You can time travel to your past only for 30 minutes and then come back. What would you change ?
What kind of filter could you put between the layers of fabric in a face mask to improve it?
What should you know before getting a cat?
What are some of the "Shower Thoughts" you had that the auto mod just would not allow?
Why do games have the “press any button to start” when loading in?
Which ice cream flavour is criminally underrated?
What are other dimensions like?
Are you secretly hoping someone specific gets sick? Who/why?
If your SO was going to bang a celebrity, which celebrity would you want them to bang?
What did you felt after the very first time you masturbated ?
Why do you run endlessssssssssssIy?
If you could get your memory wiped like ‘Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind’ but rather than just for a relationship it could be any experience, would you? What would you have wiped?
What's the worst thing you've done but never regretted ?
What is the best purchase you have ever made that you are glad you bought it?
For those of you that have called a suicide prevention line: What's your story, and how did the call go?
People with unusual or funny names, what is the best or worst experience you got into because of your name?
what lies did your parents told you when you were young?
In what ways are essential workers now more valued by their employers / customers / patients?
What's something you did by accident but later blamed it on the dog/pet and everybody believed it?
What is the best purchase you’ve ever made that you are glad you bought it
Of all the things society has shut down recently, which one should be permanent?
If each race had a starting perk/s like in a videogame, what would your race's perks be?
Cat owners of reddit do you feel sleepy when a cat sleeps on you?
What things are really underrated?
When did you do a very bad mistake and learned from that and became a better person?
What is your "pick-me-up" song?
Would you rather spend your isolation time alone or with Queen Elsa? Why?
Redditors who've been roasted, did anyone gauge something specific about you from your looks alone?
You're walk away from you ex-chick saying "peace slut", and she says "wait I want to lick your nuts". What is your next action?
You are sleeping, but you wake up, because someone asks if you are already awake. What do you answer?
What do you do to beat the boredom in these times?
ED personal, are you overwhelmed with VOVID 19 and how would your workload be if the only people showing up at the hospital are people that need emergency treatment?
If you could be a dog, which one would you be? Why?
How can you tell if a girl is into you?
What's something you're excited about?
What’s you want to learn to do but can’t be bothered to?
(Wrong answers only) What’s your opinion on cheese?
You are kidnapped. One character from any game or movie comes for your rescue. Who do you choose?
Gamblers of reddit, what’s the biggest amount of money you’ve won or lost?
What are some ways to improve internet (Australia)?
People of Reddit, which have lost faith in the system, why?
If a new GTA game were to be made and based on your city, what notable landmarks/aspects do the developers HAVE TO include?
What is going to make us feel nostalgic in the future?
Redditors who went from rags to riches. What is your story?
What is the craziest relationship you have been in?
How do you kill a superhero, for good, for real, without rebirths, etc?
Gamers: what video games did you play this weekend?
What’s the best way to scoop excess poo out if it’s not coming out on its own?
[Serious] Dear ex-bullies of reddit what made you stop being a bully?
How would you react, if your crush rejected you because they think you’re out of their league?
What's the strange dream you've had at least 3 times but it's not a nightmare?
If you could surprise one low-wage worker with a $1 million/year salary, who would it be?
What is the fastest that you have joined a sub, then noped the hell out?
People who had a crappy marriage but stuck with it, how did it work out for you?
What does Kim K's buttcrack smell like....?
Guinea pigs are neither pigs, nor from Guinea. What other things/objects are named falsely?
Given 100 stat points where would you allocate them?
How many genders are there?
What movie do you regret not walking out of?
What would you hate most about been a werewolf ?
Hey reddit, what’s your favorite social security number?
Which detective-type Sci-Fi TV-Shows to binge in isolation (similar to: Fringe, Eureka, Dirk Gently...not X-Files tho)?
Hello all Animal Crossing redditors! My friend is searching for some Jojo bizarre adventure related drawings (QR codes, etc) in ACNH, but I can't find any. Does anyone have some collection of those?
What's your favorite song?
What alcohol tastes best like whisky tequila and what brand?
What do you call somebody that can't stand peoples luck in life but they don't really hate the person that has it?
Divorce Lawyers. Whats your love story?
For people who knows a little bit of history, What is the dumbest way an Empire, Kingdom or Country had gone on a war for?
Americans, what would be your ideal(yet reasonable) insurance plan be like, and how does it compare to what you have currently?
what dumb lies you told as a kid, but still use?
How do you make studying fun or at least bareable?
Taxi drivers of Reddit: What is your “ Follow that car!” story?
What’s the best vodka (neat, nothing flavoured) for you?
How much of snapchat was sexting in the beginning vs now?
What is your favourite russell crowe movie?
People who set off fireworks in the days leading up to July 4th, why?
What is a crazy conspiracy theory that you believe in?
What Sci-Fi TV-Show to binge (my taste is detective type sci fi like Fringe, Eureka, Dirk Gently... but not superhero type)?
Do you (men) use Skincare products? If Yes... Why and what type of product?
What language do your thoughts speak?
What have you learned from a therapist that changed your life?
At what point, if any did you know you were ready to be a parent?
[Serious] What was one event that occurred in your life that still makes you question the paranormal/supernatural?
What did the quiet kid at your school say that shocked everyone?
This year a lot of events have been cancelled, what else should be cancelled in 2020?
To people who cut their own hair, why? And do you feel superior now that hair salons are closed?
You could be in one iconic episode of you favourite series or a movie scene, which would it be, what would you act as?
What was the last thing you drew or doodled?
Dear Men of Reddit how do you handle a hairy butt?
Have you ever had situations when a small lie went out of control?
If you could travel in time, what would you want to see?
What's the deal with some guys getting all hot and horny for virgins?
To girls of reddit: what are the ways of picking up the conversation over social media that makes you immediately lose any potential interest in that guy?
why would you like to have dancing Ghana pail bearer on your funeral?
Which decision did you regret making? [And why?]
Coronavirus has cancelled a lot of events, what hasn’t it cancelled that you wish it could?
What is your favorite book and why?
You hear everyone is changing into fish and you could change any moment. What do you do ?
What will become cringy in the future?
What's the most disrespectful way to say "thank you"?
How was your weekend?
Which site is best to java programming (beginners) ?
Can someone do a favor if you can send chat request when you get this?
How to get rid of dark circles (bags) under eyes?
Why do interior car lights stay on for so long after you close the door?
What’s your Supervillain Backstory?
What are some subreddits to get free streaming services account?
What to do in the situation In the comment?
How would you describe the world we currently live in?
Why do people post a NSFW question frequently?
Can I squirtle all over your jigglypuffs?
Have a look at your YouTube likes and subscriptions. What is the weirdest finger-trouble thing you've accidentally added?
What was one of the things that traumatized you for the rest of your life?
who testes your patience regularly?
Now that we’ve survived through March 2020, what will be the thing that kills us in April?
What is the oldest and the newest video game on your shelf ?
Mental Health Professionals and Historians, what can we infer about the states of mind regarding the tyrants of the past? How could access to treatment have changed things?
People of reddit, what is the weirdest flavour of Cheetos that you've seen?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Can anybody share (dm) any digital streaming services account?
What is the scariest thing in your life?
Share the facts that you think that you only know about it?
hydroxychloroquine Effectiveness Many studies show promising results. What are your thoughts, does having a z pack add extra punch to it?
What’s something that will instantly ruin a work of fiction for you?
What is the situation that made you overprotective of something?
Adults of reddit (with jobs), is working as fun as depicted in TV shows such as The Office, Parks And Recreation or Brooklyn Nine-Nine?
hydroxychloroquine Effectiveness? Many studies show promising results. What are your thoughts, does having a z pack add extra punch to it
People who truly love your job, what do you do and why do you love it?
Where did the term “420” come from and what makes it relevant to weed?
What are some scary statistics you know?
How do you unblock someone on Reddit?
People of reddit why is paper so freaking loud?
You spend 24 hours as a dog until you change back into a human in the park. What is the first thing you do when you change back ?
what's the least debated topic in the science community?
Inspired by a previous post, what is the most horrible celebrity you ever met?
Best sheets for my bed? Best = super soft and stays cool at night. I hate buying sheets only to get them and they fall apart or aren’t breathable or get “pilly”. What sheets have you found to be the best?
Will activated charcoal/any type of filter within a face mask do anything to improve it?
Felons of Reddit, what was it like for you to reintegrate back into society? What kind of work did you find and how did your family treat you differently?
People who are in love with their best friend but not dating, what’s stopping you from confessing?
What saying absolutely gets your goat and pisses you off unnecessarily?
Which thing first comes into your brain when your going bed?
You're a 36 year old whose only job was washing dishes when you were 21 for 3 months. Since then you've been selling methamphetamine. You have a criminal history that includes biting a zoo animal and indecent exposure. How do you flip this in to a credible resume for a CFO at a major bank?
What song could be an American anime opening?
How did you know they weren’t “the one”?
Do celebrities reply to direct message?
What was your most "WTF" moment when talking with someone from another nation/culture?
What historical figure would make the biggest impact if brought back today?
Which book changed your life and how?
How would you spend your day if you knew it's your last one?
What is your anime idea?
Who doesn't like being told they're beautiful?
What non-sexual things make you clench your butt cheeks?
Why or Why Not?
In the song Miles Away by Memphis May Fire what is meant by 'So God, give me the strength to do what you created me to do?'
What funny question you are searching on Google to post on AskReddit?
Why are emojis hated so vastly on reddit?
Why?
As an antidote to the current times, what’s the nicest thing anyone’s ever done for you?
Why are emojis hated on reddit? It's just something I've been curious for a long time.
What do you wish Shrek for his 85 birthday?
What is your video game idea?
When did you realize that you were an adult?
Name a character in any movie, video game, tv show that you'd like to meet?
What is a youtube ad which you watch in its entirety instead of skipping it ?
What combination of superpowers is the best?
What do you feel when you hear people laughing?
People who have been deaf from birth. What language do you think in?
Who is the most unpleasant celebrity you have met?
Did you ever accidently flashed your private parts in front of your siblings
If you were on the show survivor what would be your strategy?
What’s your opinion about buttered toast?
Mailmen and mail women of Reddit, when you see a mailbox with a sticker that says 'No Junk Mail' - do you always listen to that sticker?
What are some of the biggest words you know?
What’s the worsed thing someone has ever done to you that you will never forgive?
How would you make something delicious with tomatoes, eggs,potatoes and beef?
What is your biggest flaw?
What goes REALLY well with chicken wings?
Americans of Reddit, in Italy we joke about having upcoming games or futuristic stuff but not showing them to our friends because "It is in my American cousin's garage". Some of them are Gta6, PS5 and Bohemian Rapsody Pt2. What does your Italian cousin have in his garage?
People that was deaf from birth. What language do you think in?
Reddit, did you ever accidently flash your private parts in front of your siblings?
What is your weight loss story?
What once-loved company has really let you down lately?
What’s that ringing/static noise I hear at night or when it’s quiet? Is this tinnitus? I’ve always had it since I can remember. No ear trauma that I remember either. Can only hear it while it’s quiet, louder at night because of the silence.
What celebrities have you met and what are they like?
What is your local FOX News channel number and what state are you in?
Anorexic people of Reddit, how did you battle it and what made you succeed in eating better?
Which book did you end up liking after not liking the cover?
You wake up in a mysterious place what do you do to get your bearings?
For any anti-vaxer who realized they were wrong, what changed your mind to convert over from being an anti-vaxer?
What are the things you love and hate about your country?
How was your week?
What insecurity turns you off?
If you have to choose would you rather be a celebrity or get an MBA or a JD degree from Ivy league university? Why?
What’s the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear Poland?
Redditors who live in the woods, what is the most terrifying thing you've encountered?
How can you instantly end an argument?
What’s the biggest coincidence which has ever happened to you?
What can you do for your SO while in qaurentine?
Is it normal to hate someone to the point of plotting their murder? And if so, why?
If you have to choose would you rather be a celebrity or get an MBa or a JD degree from Ivy league university? Why?
Gay people of reddit, why are you gay?
Dear workers of Reddit, what has been a scenario at work which caused you to quit?
Have you ever seen something that actually took your breath away?
What's the strangest thing to happen at your school?
what is the experience of having sleep paralysis because I never experienced it and I'm afraid to have it?
As a new private in the army, does anyone have any questions about enlisting? Or any questions about basic/OSUT, RASP, or getting into a unit? Or just the military in general?
How do I get my boyfriend to learn my language?
What would humans do if centipedes had wings?
Lurkers of reddit. Why don’t you ever post stuff?
Extroverts, how are you?
How has racism benefitted/disadvantaged you in the work place?
Deaf people of reddit, what are some pros and cons of being deaf?
How do you know you're living a good life?
Whats the most important thing as soon as you're an adult?
What is something that’s really ugly that people pretend isn’t unappealing at all?
Older people of Reddit, what’s something that brings back nostalgia that kids/young adult’s today wouldn’t understand?
People who made shitloads of money from Bitcoin,how did it change your life?
Make sure you have your own life before becoming someone's wife. What do you say?
What climax of a song makes you climax?
How well do you think you can tell between a male nipple and a female nipple just by looking at a close up picture of it?
Jacks of all and Masters of Non, how do you deal with the fact that you cannot truly focus to become a master of one thing?
What is your opinion on Kpop in general and kpop being international?
Before ever asking any woman, what are men’s initial assumptions of what a period (menstruation) experience is like??
What is a good website to waste your time on when you want to get away from all the news?
People who got rejected what are your story’s?
Reddit, what do you need to vent about right now?
Why do transsexuals think they don't have a mental illness?
What’s a good gift to send to someone struggling with anxiety during self isolation?
What’s the biggest splurge of money you’ve done that you don’t regret while everyone said not to do so?
How would you react to finding out that ghosts are real?
If someone gives you $100 because you’re ugly, will you get it and why?
What can’t you watch because it’s too gruesome?
If you could bring back something they don’t manufacture/produce anymore, what would it be?
What’s the most attractive ethnicity for you?
How has your party or a party you witnessed ever been ruined?
What was your experience upon meeting a person who gives off an 'evil' or disturbing vibe?
In a technical level, how does reddit servers work so they don't collapse managing all the information at the same time?
Have you ever had an experience with a stalker? What happened?
What weird and irrational thing makes you feel sick or ill?
Older people of Reddit, what memory brings back nostalgia that kids/young adults today wouldn’t understand?
People of reddit, what is the weirdest cartoon show that you watched as a kid abd why?
What movie or song did you used to enjoy, but due to a past relationship you can no longer stand?
Wine drinkers, what is the longest you have kept a bottle of wine only to finally open it and be sadly disappointed in how it tastes?
Vampires of Reddit what are your ways of living life in the night?
Who gets a fucked up face while selfie?
You can choose a special ability of any animal on the planet, but you have to choose a weakness of that animal to go along with it too. What animal, ability and weakness do you choose?
How big does a spoon has to be , to be considered a shovel?
What's something you should NEVER say on the first date?
What seems difficult to do but is easy once you start doing it?
What was the hardest thing you went through in life, and how did you get past it?
You just saved the whole world from extinction, what do you want in return ?
What’s the most pain you’ve ever felt?
Sign language users of reddit, what were most interesting words someone who does not use sign language said by accident?
In which situation would the answer, “ the butler did it” be suitable?
What is the coolest animal fact you know?
What was the first Animated movie you remember ?
Do any of you guys know how to recover deleted pictures on messenger?
What sounds like a compliment but really isn't?
To girls of Reddit: what are the ways of picking up the conversation via social media that you actually like?
What kind of stereotypes about russian people did you believe in until recently?
People of reddit what is one time you were scared for your life?
What age is your favorite and why?
Redditors that read to Terms Of Service (TOS), what is the most shocking thing you’ve found?
Have you ever won a lottery drawing? If so, how did it impact your life?
What if each Hydroxychloroquine pill President Trump authorized contained nanotech built to infiltrate your mind and control you?
If 20 Redditors met up in real life what would most likely cause a fight to erupt?
For chief out there, what's the weirdest dish you have ever cooked?
What's the most disturbing movie you've ever seen?
People of reddit what is one time you were scared for you life
Redditors who are stuck alone and still working from home, how are you keeping your spirits up?
What would you say to the guy who ate a bat soup, if you were to meet him?
How do you get over your fear of the dark?
How do you know we aren't living in a simulation?
Who is the meanest celebrity you have ever met?
Would you wrather have the ability to pee out of your fingers or poop out of your palms and why?
If u have ordered from AliExpress , how much is the delivery fee for foreign countries like India ?
How do you know when to end a friendship?
What is the best way, if there is one, to apologize to someone you were an asshole to?
They say that when you don’t get something you wanted in life, it is usually because something better was coming your way. To those redditors that went through this, what’s your story?
Why do you think trans female (women with penises) porn is popular with straight men, but trans male (men with vaginas) porn is not popular with straight women?
Who Is The Most Annoying Person You've Come Across?
Martial art praticioner out there have you experienced a situation which require your skill ?
What’s the creepiest YouTube video you saw??
Songwriters of Reddit, what is the weirdest way someone has interpreted your lyrics?
How many years would you have been dead if you suicided?
Women of Reddit, that 'can't cook', why can't you cook? Why don't you learn? What dish can you make as of right now?
Are you hungry? If so what food are you craving?
3 and a bit months in how is everyone going with their new year's resolutions?
How many times have you masturbated during this quarantine
How you would in the simplest way possible describe the meaning justice has to you?
If there was a ‘How To Be Human’ guide for aliens; what would be some of its contents?
What are you nastiest sex stories ?
At what point did you fall in love with someone and/or why?
How does one handle Reddit fame?
What whas your happiest moment in life so far? [serious]
What are your thoughts on downloadin zoom on mac?
What is the best way to tell someone they smell bad?
If there was a ‘How To Be Human’ guide for aliens; what would some of its contents?
Redditors. Have you ever seen someone act crazy? What happened?
What are your favorite Easter childhood memories?
Fellow redditors that like to spend hours on arranging large setts of domino, what is the point of it?
What have you done to entertain yourself in isolation?
When was the day that you felt like u were in love
Time traveler, which year you are from and what do you have we don't?
What's the most random thing that instantly enrages you?
What is the most unanswerable question of all time?
You can add or change a feature of a game to make it better what do you add and where?
What are people's thoughts on putting the toothpaste cap on or leaving it off in between use?
Americans of Reddit, what is your opinion on your president as a whole?
What is your family's genetic curse?
What well known international Product / Chain / Brand / Company / Business has adopted a different name in your country? What is the alternative name?
Girls of Reddit: is an attempt of starting a conversation via reply to facebook or insta story creepy or okay, if you don't know each other in real life well?
What’s a pet peeve that everyone can relate to?
Late shift workers of Reddit, What was your creepiest experience?
What was the weirdest reason for a couple to break up?
You die and you get a score rating depending on what you did during your life including property. What is your rank?
Late shift workers of Reddit, What was your creepiest experience?
What was your first game you've beaten on the hardest difficulty?
What are some things that make or have made you lose faith in humanity?
Is it worth pursuing an online MBA degree and why?
What’s the best way to get over your dog dying ?
What's the closest you've ever been to death?
What was your moment of instant regret?
What's the most inappropriate moment to laugh?
What do most People have, but hardly ever use?
What’s the best way to get over a dogs death ? :(
What is something you SERIOUSLY do not understand about reddit?
When did you realize you were racist?
What Fictional character death hit you the hardest?
People that got their McDonald's icecream, What was it like?
what's a song everyone likes but you hate?
When people say "Be yourself". What do they mean by that? How can you "Be yourself"?
If you can add 1 oxygen atom to absalutely anything how do you cause the most chaos?
What is the biggest mistake you've made with apple device?
Do you know who Luke Hemmings is? If so, what do you think about him?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone then instantly regretted?
Redditors who were suicidal - What moment, person or song saved your life? (Serious)
How did you deal with the change of feelings for your partner after the "honeymoon phase"?
Do you know who 5SOS is? If so, what do you think about them?
What is something you would like to say to everyone struggling in this difficult time?
What is the weirdest but also useful superpower you would have?
Former firemen of Reddit. What made you quit?
Why is our current presidents buttocks so thick and also juicy?
From the thought of which famous person you feel bitter in your soul?
What subs are there for stories from the Emergency room and such?
How would you describe justice?
What's the most notable instance of you succeeding at something?
How is your day?
When did you realize mental disorders might actually be demonic possession?
What plot holes have you noticed that nobody else notices?
The leading actor in your favorite movie has been replaced with a clone of yourself. How does your favorite movie play out now?
People who work in retail/hospitality, what's the rudest thing a customer has said or done at work?
Are straight men as disgusted by penises as straight women are by vaginas?
What are some of the most underrated movies that you can think of?
Should Reddit create a premium version of Reddit (maybe Reddit+) where any content and information can be shared without any limitations or bans?
People who believe that capitalism is the best social system: How has the free market improved your life recently?
When did you realize mental disorders were temporary but we place people in that box for the rest of their life because no one is smart enough to understand the process?
What’s the equivalent of hanging up on someone in real life?
What’s a piece of advice you give to others but don’t use?
What are your favourite songs from unconventional genres/artists?
How to accept things or events that already happened?
People who have had grand mal/tonic-clonic seizures, what does it feel like both physically and emotionally when you have a seizure? [serious]
How strong would one have to be to crush a pool ball like in Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal?
What was one of the weirdest questions you have seen on AskReddit?
What is your family's genetic course?
What show do you dislike but everyone loves?
Has anyone put their phone up for repairs just before they everything closed? How are you holding up?
Depressed people of reddit, when was the last day you were genuinely happy?
What fact about space gives you existential crisis?
How do you accept things or events that already happened? I have a hard time doing so, any advice would be appreciated
Americans that haven't gone to bed yet, why?
What conspiracies do your friends and family post on social media?
people who have their devices on full brightness, why?
People who have had grand mal/tonic-clinic seizures, what does it feel like when the seizure is happening? [serious]
What original movies that are excellent but the sequel sucks?
If you could bring back one phone (Mobile) from the past (or the ones which aren't being manufactured currently), which one would it be?
NSFW You dig a tunnel out of your old sex dungeon master's place and into your new sex dungeon master's place. She sets a safe word "Foliage" and she likes to act like she doesn't hear it. Why might that be?
What dream you had later happend in real life?
Dark web users of reddit, what are some news articles youve seen from censored countries?
What subreddits have the most fucked up, vile, inhumane memes?
Ghosts of reddit, what do you do when you’re not doing ghost stuff?
Gypsy’s, do you wish for a fulfilling life more than a life full of money and comfort? What if you could have a comfortable life in another country, but without the luxury of riches. Is that appealing?
Retail workers of reddit, what is your most wtf Karen moment you cant ever forget?
what is one thing you hate about reddit but most reddit users love it ?
Is anyone else audio clairvoyant like me?
This situation changed the way we experience education with a transition from face-to-face to online classes. How are your online classes going? Can you find at least 2 pros and 2 cons about them and share your general experience while also giving suggestions on how to improve these classes?
What can someone do to lose some weight?
What are your attitudes towards organ donation including face transplantation?
What test have you got 100% on?
What meme still makes you giggle like a kid no matter how many times you’ve seen it before?
If you were turned into a zombie, what would the first thing you do be?
Writers of erotic fiction, how did you manage to supress/overcome your shame?
What are some drawing ideas?
What is your pet's name and why?
yo what is the name of the big green guy in Shrek?
What is your favorite classical Internet hoax?
How many silent (ones whom refuse to enter the 'fray') republican and democrat persons exist? Is there a way to quantify them?
If you would see a falling star tonight, what would you wish for?
How do I say “can I nut in you” in a nicer or innocent way?
You wake up and it's 2000. What you do?
If you have a master’s of science in business administration (in a 2nd world country where MBA does not exist), can you claim that you have equivalent to an MBA? Why?
If you have a master’s of science in business administration (in a 2nd world country where MBA does not exist), can you claim that you have equivalent to an MBA? Why
If hamburgers could talk what language would they speak?
Fighters of reddit, when was there a time that you completely underestimated the strength of your opponent?
When has shortsightedness failed you?
How much smarter do u think our generation would be if we didn’t use media the way we did...or watched tv, did drugs or drank? Just curious in general... if we used the tools we had now to constantly learn more and stay extremely productive what would we look like?
If there was a bossfight for Earth, what would it be?
Would you live in a house made entirely of Lego? Why/Why not?
How did you deal with the change of feelings for your parter after the "honeymoon phase"?
Reddit, what are some things to do while your SO is working from home?
Your the first person infected with a zombie virus, what do you do first?
What is a non-sexual act that turns you on?
What character(s) from your childhood are you waiting to see made into a movie?
If you got a chance to give the award to the person with the most intresting life ever, who would you give it to and why?
have you ever felt pure hatred? who was it towards and why?
What is normal in your country but weird in the rest of the world?
what is one thing about girls/women that you can’t stand?
How many sex partners have you had in your life?
What's the thirstiest tinder bio you've ever seen?
If there was a premium version of sex what do you think it would include?
What's a new hobby you've started in 2020?
Why are you a slow slut?
With everything negative going on right now, what are some positives/advantages we can take from this current situation we’re all in?
What is your favourite film of all time?
What was the funniest run in you had with police?
Redditors who meet celebrities often,who was the most annoying?
What is this on my eye? its like a ring surrounding my iris. Is this because of my allergies? because i always rub my eyes because of the itchiness.
How did you meet your spouse?
What did someone do on an airplane that made you say "You've gotta be kidding me"?
If you have a Masters of science in business administration ( in 2nd world country where MBA not exist) can you claim that you have equivalent to an MBA ? Why?
If your username was to determine what job you have, what would be your job?
Adult foreskins are the new global currency. They are constantly being created, but not at an unsustainable rate. They also maintain a degree of security against forgery and are completely decentralized as the production and trade is in the hands of the people. How would this new world operate?
Redditors whose friends crashed your car, what happened after they told you the news?
[Serious] People that can justify eating squid and octopus despite fighting against the killing of intelligent life, how do you justify it to yourself?
Has anyone here ever NOT taken out a splinter? If so, what happened?
What's something you'll always remember your mom saying?
For women that like to wear slutty clothes during Halloween,Why?
(wrong answers only) What does Fortnite mean?
Heroes who work in healthcare. How do you wash your uniform after work, eps during this chaos?
What's the most terrifying fact you know?
What non-fiction character death hit you the hardest?
What was the most satisfying moment of your life as an adult which you want to share with everyone?
What are your opinions on threesomes? Would you be willing to have one? Why or why not?
Your master doesn't visit you anymore in the sex dungeon she keeps you in and now you're sad and a little hungry. Why might that be?
You learn a new language without your friends and family's knowledge, how do you mess with them?
What pop culture lore that you're not familiar with do you most want to jump into?
[NSFW] What fetish could your partner have that would be a complete dealbreaker for you?
What was your first autopsy like as a medical student?
What is the worst thing to ever exist?
Redditors , how did you quit using heroin, and why?
What Is The Nicest Thing You've Ever Done?
Why should transsexuals be allowed to compete in sports with normal people?
What's your, "I ran into my childhood bully as an adult" story?
What's your, "I ran into my childhood bully as an adult" story?
What was something you sucked at but are now a pro at?
What is like your theme song?
What is your 'never meet your hero' story?
What are the most interesting statistics about how people use their free time?
What doesn't make sense to you?
What is proven true but you still does not believe in it?
What is your "never meet your hero" story?
What's that one TV show that gave you the worst post-series depression?
Why dont people use there mics anymore online when there playing with other people it's real annoying?
What is one way you would be terrified dying by?
what is your weirdest phobia/fear?
What IPs have some of the best and biggest lores to read about?
What are you doing right now, besides being on Reddit?
Add/remove/replace one letter in a game's title. What is it about now?
Why dont people talk anymore on the mic
What is a song that gets on everybody's nerves?
NSFW What is the most cliche´ answer you get when asking people of Reddit what fictional character they masturbate to?
What was the most annoying moment when someone couldn't take a hint?
As an up-and-coming shift manager at Hardees, you are a self-made man with assets to protect. What are signs she is only after your money, and how do you protect yourself from sperm-jackers?
Why or why not do you like/dislike hr?
Have there ever been any moments in your life when you've screamed? What's the backstory?
What's the craziest thing a friend has dont to you and then acts like nothing even happened?
Do you like luck based games? Why or why not?
What thing from your childhood needs to make a comeback?
What if you were born in outside a country ( in ocean or space ) ?
Doom vs Wolfenstein: Which franchise do you prefer and why?
(wrong answers only) What does ASAP mean?
What is the best poem you have come across?
(wrong answers only) What does smh mean?
What is a small YouTube channel that you think needs more attention?
[Serious] What companies/people have lost your custom due to how they've behaved during the Coronavirus outbreak and why?
What is something you could easily change, but won't? Why?
scientist's of reddit what was the weirdest reaction that you got from a failed experiment? [Serious]
(wrong answers only) What does IKEA mean?
What’s the best “CAROLE BASKIN” line you’ve heard?
Redditors who work for TSA, what has been the weirdest experience you've had while working?
[serious] If you could go back in time to meet yourself as a kid and be able to give yourself just one life lesson or advice what would that be and why?
For every person you cause to break down in tears, you get $10,000. You cannot tell them about your power. How do you proceed?
What was your dream work as a child?
Reddit, anyone who married the first person they’ve dated? If so, what’s your story?
(wrong answers only) What does Lmao mean?
Would you trade your dog for a million dollars? Why?
What went wrong today?
The year is 2016 and you’re teleported to 2020 you see no one anywhere. What do you think happened?
[Serious] Aside from staying inside, what is something kids/teens could do right now that would be meaningful to society now or in the future?
Help the person writing this find the most horrifying bone chilling video no matter how hard that person looks he can’t find it, can you help?
[NFSW] What are the most cliche´ answers in r/askreddit threads involving what fictional character you masturbate to?
Which questions are you tired of seeing on reddit?
What do you guys do to avoid being sleepy while studying/working?
What is a video game that you have played the story of multiple times, and is like a video game comfort food for you?
Did your feelings for your partner ever change? Where it felt like you felt "less" for them, after the "honeymoon phase"? How did you deal with it?
What are the most beautiful songs to dedicate?
How far can you stretch your liver?
Who is your favorite t.v/movie character and why?
Cleaning staff of Reddit, what parts of our homes do most people neglect?
Redditors. Who Sold Out Ann Frank(Wrong Answers Only)?
What’s the first songs you’ll play after the lockdown is lifted?
People who watch shows like The Bachelor or MAFS, what satisfaction does it bring to you?
What "irrational" fear absolutely terrifies you, and why?
Due to the saturation of internet broadband, it is prohibited for normal people globally. What would happen?
Artist of reddit, how long did it take you to get where you are at now in terms of skill?
Why do we rely so much on the stock market? Is there a way to reduce reliance on it?
Love songs to dedicate?
I want something truly terrifying something that will give me nightmares no matter how hard I look I can’t find it help me find it. No gore shock vids those aren’t scary so don’t send them.
What Pavlovian response have you accidentally trained into yourself?
What video game do you think is overrated?
What's a sign that you're not wasting your life?
When did you try to compliment someone but ended up insulting them?
You are given a wish to make any movie/tv show/anime a reality. Which one would u bring into reality and why?
Gamers of reddit, what’s the one game that you can fall into for hours on end and never get bored of?
People who live alone with a dog, what do you think they are doing when you aren't home?
Text to speech channels why do you do low effort text to speech videos?
Why blue is associated with boy while pink with girls?
What are some fun facts?
[Serious] You wake up at 8am on January 1st, 2010. The past ten years haven't happened yet, but the major events will happen no matter what you do. How do you change your life to better prepare for 2020?
Why is tiktok so overrated?
What's unacceptable by society rules,but actually,if you think about it is totally normal?
what is so bad about being a guy and having your girlfriend read you books to bed, and lay in her lap and cry for emotional fulfillment?
What cereal mixes the best tasting milk?
Why did Squidward's voice change so much after the old episodes?
If you watch tiktok, who is your favourite creator and what’s been your favourite trend so far?
What do you believe is the spiritual meaning behind this whole CV thing?
A friend who’s in your neighbourhood asks to use your loo urgently. Would you let your friend use the loo in this covid-19/self isolation time?
[Serious] What's your biggest regret and how would you go about fixing it if you could?
What would happen if you chug a bottle of gorilla glue?
You wake up one day in a little girl's body. What is the first Reddit post you write?
How do you convince someone that being open/vulnerable and risking rejection is better than quietly staying alone?
What was your “had to be brave” moment?
Who is the rudest celebrity you have met?
What goes through your mind when your SO says "We need to talk"?
What is the most sexy car in your opinion?
[Serious] What's the meanest legal &amp; anonymous thing you can do for revenge?
If you could pack self-love and give it to someone else, who would you give it to?
The CV cure is said to be hidden underneath pride rock, what happens as a result?
What makes YOU special?
Former bullies, what made you do it? Did you have any regrets from bullying?
How many birthdays are there, 366 or 7.8 Billion?
What body part do you wash first in the shower?
Redditors who have served on submarines: What are some things about life on a submarine that most people don't know?
If you worked hard for an amazing product or business and someone claimed credit for your work and said that he's doing it for the poor (which he really is), would you allow it? Why or why not?
What are some fun things to do/learn seeing our current situation?
What makes you genuinely happy?
Why does Billie Eillish have a Stinky little butt?
What’s the one social media app you would get rid off for good and why ?
People who can sleep fast or easily. How?
What is the coolest story in the Bible in your opinion?
What is your prized possession?
have you ever picked up your poo? why?
what's the funniest thing that happened to you during a video lesson?
What’s the most ridiculous thing that your drunk/high self has done?
What is the difference between wining and winning?
[Serious] If applicable, have you come out yet? Why/why not??
What terms or phrases almost always indicate a scam?
Would you rather go to prison for 23 years for something you didn't do or kill 3 random people (you've never met before) and not get caught but live with it ?
What are some fun things to do/learn while in quarantine??
What's the biggest change you've experienced in the last 10 years?
What is the ONE thing you did as a child that your family won't let go of?
People who returned their foster pets, what's your story?
What is the very first memory you can recall?
How different your life would be if you said yes to every opportunities you ever had?
How to spot permed curly hair?
How many birthdays are there, 365 or 7 billion?
What is the biggest culture shock you have ever faced?
What's a stereotype of a group you're in, that you've never understood?
What insignificant change to an everyday item will significantly improve it?
What would be the first thing you do if you find yourself in Trump's body after waking up this morning?
What to do when you need 10 karma points to write make a post in a subreddit?
[Serious] If you received a Universal Basic Income - just enough to cover essential services and food but not enough to be "middle class" - would you get a job and work? If not, what would you do with that time?
Which celebrities do you think Reddit will not make fun of?
If you become a immortal mosquito, What would be the first thing you do?
What movie got a lot of praise but you absolutely hated?
When would you like to die?
What are some cliches have you noticed in movies or tv shows?
Why was Spielberg considered the Michael Bay of the 80's before he directed Schindler's list?
What would you do if you saw a banana in the middle of the road?
If you received a Universal Basic Income - just enough to cover essential services and food but not enough to be "middle class" - would you work? If not, what would you do with that time?
do you taste your poo? what does it taste like?
Those of you who have been cleaning up around the house, what's the most interesting thing you've found?
How many homosexual men does it take to create a continuous circle of homosexual men penetrating each other's behinds?
What's your favorite subreddit?
People of Reddit, what’s your favourite Ad and why?
What keeps you up at night?
Who do you think was gonna win the NBA finals this year and why?
Furries of reddit, what does the fox actually say?
You now can say a word and have 50 dollars more in your wallet. How would you find the word and how would you abuse it?
How much does the rhinosurgery costs?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
Who do you think was going to win the 2020 NCAA basketball tournament and why?
Which is the best mechanical keyboard to buy under 130 Usd which includes wrist rest?
Why is our current US president so sexually attractive?
Why are drugs illegal , we as people should be free to do whatever we want unless we are harming someone and when we take the drugs we harm no one so why tf are they illegal ?
has your mental health improved or declined since quarantine started? why?
What is the most argued topic on reddit?
Hello! I am an ordinary school student in Russia, next year I will finish my studies. It will be interesting to answer your questions (I apologize for my English (?))
What seems inappropriate but is actually wholesome?
What hits you right in the duckin fells?
Why do most redditors listen to dubstep?
People who have successfully guilt tripped their parents, how did you implement your strategy?
What food looks utterly disgusting but tastes super delicious?
People who have won youtuber giveaways, what did you win and did you get your prize?
What’s the best video game you’ve ever played and loved ?
Dear Redditors, what mind-blowing but kinda irrelevant discoveries have you made but have nobody to tell due to how silly it is?
People who have fainted what's your story?
Sometimes in video games, when you drive a car, you lose all control and no matter how you steer it only gets worse. What are some real life equivalents of this situation?
scientist's of reddit what was the weirdest reaction that you got from a failed experiment?
This is a question for anyone whos american, do you guys know what kettles are?
If you were to wield Excalibur, what would you do with it ?
If your life was a movie title, what would it be?
I'm trying to figure out if lobsters are mermaids to scorpions. Who here has an answer?
How often do you read the bible?
Would flirting with someone and asking for their nudes be considered cheating? Why or Why not?
If your sex life was a movie title, what would it be?
How did you stop procrastinating and became more diciplined?
What is the shittest thing you ever heard?
What is the best hangover cure?
Athletes of Reddit, what rival team/ player you’ve played against made you wonder if they broke out of a mental hospital?
Why do you play video games?
What’s the strangest way of being racist you’ve seen?
What insults make you sound classy and intelligent?
Today is my Cake Day and for obvious reasons I’m not going out. For everyone that’s going to have their Cake Day during this time, what are your plans for celebrating?
What's your life's biggest disappointment?
Best series on Netflix during COVID-19?
If you have body dysmorphia, How did you deal with it?
What would be the first thing you will do when COVID-19 nightmare ends and we get vaccines finally?
If you were to go into an anime or a cartoon, what would the first thing you'd do ?
What sentence can gain the most controversy?
Photon Torpedoes What do they do?
If your username was a movie,what would the storyline be?
Why does a pepee go into splitfire mode?
[Serious] What species or group of lifeform on Earth do you think is more intelligent than most humans think they are?
What foods are healthy and delicious?
What is the most dull-witted thing your government ever made you do?
What’s the most awkward/uncomfortable situation you’ve ever been in?
How to spot a perm?
What is the most scientifically accurate science fiction?
What was actually better in the past?
What is your ideal penis size (and no “it’s s not about the size it’s about it’s used bs”)?
Whats was the deepest whole you've ever dug yourself while lying over a small thing?
How do I spot a perm
Is morbid obesity a mental health issue or undiscipline? Why?
what is the most inhumane thing you can do right now in 2 minutes?
If the secret to a happy life is a series of small treats, what are your small treats?
What is your biggest fear, right now?
What are the weirdest music subgenres and fan groups that you have encountered ?
What brings out the worst in you?
What's the wierdest question you ever received at an interview?
If peanut butter wasn’t called peanut butter, what would it be called?
Which song stops makes you stop all the thoughts and listen to it with joy?
What’s your lock down routine?
If a superior version of Evil had to exist, what would you do to eradicate it ?
What is an idea you have had only to discover someone else has already had it?
When you die God allows you to bring an object for the judgment day ,what do you bring ?
People who live alone, what is your life like?
Doctors of Reddit, is it possible for a human to have both penis and vagina? If so, how does that happen?
[Serious] Redditors who have won XXX/day/week/month/year off the lottery, what did you play and how is it going for you?
Teachers of reddit what awnser of a student broke you?
Can one of you suck my cock and balls?
What’s the most expensive thing you own right now?
What product suprised you by actually working as advertised?
What is the biggest lie you ever told?
What childish thing does your grown ass still do?
Film geeks of Reddit, who is your favourite movie/TV couple?
What does your home office look like?
What’s the one thing everyone should do once in their life?
Which religion would your preferable convert to?
What is something that is misunderstood way too often?
what are your must do's if you are born in a galaxy, far far away?
What is the most painful friend zone moment in your life?
What is something you would be embarrassed to say?
What is the best comment you have ever read (with context)?
What is the most unexpected consequence arising from the covid19 pandemic?
What was the stupidest thing you've done?
In 10 years what do you think would become of the mcu ?
Drummers of Reddit: what is the top shelf of drumming for you, and why?
What free things online should everyone take advantage of?
People who have been falsely accused of rape what was your process of dealing with the emotions you felt after it?
What are some hilariously bad movie trailers?
What’s your funniest or embarrassing video conference call moments while WFH?
Any recommendations for good universities for masters in data science ?
You just got a job at YouTube. You can terminate 20 channels before they catch on and you are fired. Which channels do you delete?
To Redditors from Scotland: what are some popular sayings in your country and interesting stories/facts related to them?
If 2020 was a tv show, what song would be its theme song?
What is the most currently overused meme?
What movie had the best portrayal of science and/or scientists?
What items are going to get really cheap in a couple of months?
What perfectly reasonable thing made someone lose their shit with you?
When did you realize that collective memory and consciousness are already here and you have been part of it for a while now?
What's your strategy to sell ice to Eskimos?
When do you think that we’ll socialize again?
What are you still angry or upset about?
Medical people of Reddit, is it possible to have both sexual organs? If so, how does that work?
If you became a billionaire, What would be the pettiest way to spend your money ?
If you woke up one day with corndogs as fingers and the only way to get your normal hands back is to excel at one task with the corndogs just as you would with normal hands, what task would that be and why?
If life was a game, what could the developers improve on and fix?
If people in the future could teleport but didn't develop much in other aspects, how would they deal with our current situation?
Why do you smoke K2 and dance like Michael Jackson ?
What are all the girls doing now whose entire personality was going to the bar?
What’s the best thing you’ve accomplished in your live, so far?
Attitudes towards organ donation, including face transplantation.
What was your favourite TV show as a child?
You're a burglar but you dont steal anything you bring one item to your victims. Which item would you bring to cause a maximum of confusion?
People who don’t use their best cutlery, why? Who’s heard of someone wearing down their cutlery?
Which religion you are following and if you wish to convert which would it be?
Whats your favourite song about the importance of water?
Why do you think mainstream shows try to promote magic even though magic is stupid?
Not closing the door after leaving a room is now treason, how much jail time is your mum now serving?
Where on earth can one find soundproof masking tapes?
What is the worst physical pain you have ever experienced?
What fictional character do you relate to most and why?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
What music artist fanbase is the worst?
You get to keep anything that you're able to fit in your mouth without swallowing, what do you put in your mouth?
Any other adults on reddit feel like maybe they missed school the day they gave the speech "How to become a productive member of society. "?
What important news have gone unintended due to the current world situation?
Why are so many dog/cat lovers not vegan?
Why do we still use the NSFW tag? Nobody goes to work anymore retard?
What is your most “high school” memory?
How and why did humanity first learn to milk a cow?
When have you applied the Quadratic Equation in your life outside of schoolwork?
People who had a tatoo a long time ago (like more than 20 years), how do you feel about them now?
Redditors who are really good at negotiating a deal. What’s some steps you take when bargaining?
Anime fans of reddit, if you woke up inside of an anime, what would you do?
What news deserve more attention but has gone unnoticed due to Covid19?
What’s the best way to get yourself up in the morning?
Only children of Reddit - What are the benefits and downsides of being an only child? Would you change your status to have a sibling if you could?
When did you stop mainlining cat tranquilizer?
People of Reddit, what one event changed everything for you?
How does it feel to hold someone you romantically love?
Other than schoolwork, when have you applied the Quadratic Equation in your life?
Do you prefer women with long nails or short?
What sounds great but is terrible in execution?
If you could host any game show, which one?
Concierges of reddit, what are your best storys?
What are your top 3 favorite podcasts?
Which celebrity’s nudes do you want leaked?
How to meet celebrities in private like for a picture or an autograph or a dinner?
What new word should be exist but it isn't. And what is her definitiom?
What would be the first thing you do if time suddenly stopped ?
We are in the middle of a pandemic, and everywhere celebs, "influencers" and others are shoving fitness videos, challenges, and "look what I did" posts at us. It's a lot of pressure in an anxiety inducing situation. So what are you actually doing, these days?
What would the first thing you would do you if woke up as a celebrity be?
What makes you, a good person?
Do guys like those super long nails, girls have been wearing or do you prefer short?
What do you do when someone asks you for a change and why ?
What do you do when someone asks you for a change and why ?
Lawyers of Reddit, what boring, routine case ended up revealing more than everyone expected?
What will the world be like in the year 3000 ?
Given we are all living like Aung San Suu Kyi before she made herself universally unpopular; what will you do to tick off the world once your liberty is restored?
What are your guys’ favorite anime streaming sites?
when did you find math useful?
[Serious] After this is all over, how would you feel about a criminal investigation into the culpability of the Chinese Communist Party for downplaying the risks, causing death, and putting the world into recession?
How do you impress someone you like ?
How do you get better at wordplay and puns?
Why are people on AskReddit so rational and intelligent?
People who've recently shot their shot at their crush, how'd it go?
Do you need help? On what?
[Serious] After this is all over, will there be a criminal investigation into the culpability of the Chinese Communist Party for downplaying the risks, causing death, and putting the world into recession?
What are some funny messages to put on a t-shirt, for a gift?
People of Reddit, have you ever been able to restart a relationship with the same person after they claimed they didn't love you anymore, and if so what steps did you take?
What is your favourite looking award?
What do you think is the most annoying thing a person can do on a first date?
What's the best answer you gave to a teacher that was wasn't technically wrong?
People with pets, have you ever had to wipe/wash your pet anus? Why or why not?
What's the moment with a "foreign", you realized it won't workout?
What’s the longest you’ve ever let your pubes grow?
At what age did you think you were responsible enough to live on your own? Why did you think that? Were you right?
best Period Dramas that you recommend?
When was the time you beat all odds?
What is the weirdest reply to one of your posts you have gotten?
What’s the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
For all kpop fans, what's one unspoken rule you involuntarily follow?
What podcasts you have listened to have changed your life, and why?
How do you make sure your family will deal with your funeral the way you want, such as a burial rather than a cremation?
What were some amazing childhood movies that no one really remembers anymore?
What's the most interesting dream you had and why was it so special?
Why are you sad?
Redditors who like puns, what's a good one you know?
If you could consensually sleep with anyone in the world, but everyone would know you did, who would you sleep with?
What myths do movies perpetuate that isn't at all obvious?
How many birthdays are there, 365 or 7.8 billion?
What are some psychological tricks/skills everyone should know about?
What’s your deepest darkest fear?
What are some good excuses to not go to work during these times?
Why is Reddit homepage filled with low-vote posts from subs that aren't ever on Homepage?
What's the difference between an introvert and a wimpy timid person who run away from people for so many times that they can't stand being in crowded place anymore? If there is none, how could an introvert be successful in fields require strong communication skill?
We all know about 'white people shit'. What is the '____ people shit' for your ethnicity?
What's Elon Musk up to?
What tv shows or movies do you consider have the most blistering sexual tension you've ever seen on a screen?
When I was 7-8 years old, I went to bed .I lay on the bed for a long time and couldn't sleep .Then I heard some footsteps approaching my room , it wasn't sleep paralysis ,since I could move .I was afraid to get up and go but it was something running along the walls .In the end when I already felt th
What is your weirdest Deja Vu?
(Serious) The Fermi paradox. Great Filters. Which of the proposed filters do you believe is the most improbable to pass?
What's the worst movie you saw someone take their child to?
What are some interesting free resources to check out right now?
What are some psychological skills everyone should know about?
If you were the last human in existence and were about to die what would be your last words that would represent humanity up to this final moment?
Virgins of Reddit. Next time you will be about to loose tha virginity you from the future teleport before you and sais that if you will stay virgin you will become time traveler for as long as you won't loose it. What Will you do?
If Whatsapp were to allow one Ad, what ad would it be?
What is your weirdest Deja Vu?
Where would be the best place to stay in quarantine?
People who use to consume drugs but now do nothing at all, how and why did you do it?
What is something you've wished for, that you think will never happen?
what is the link to ben 10 season 4 episode 5 The Secret of the Omnitrix (Part 1)?
Theres anyone who knows a good publisher in UK?
What are the most cringeworthy moments a rich person has tried to relate to a normal person?
If you could make a song/theme play every time you entered a room, what would it be?
People of reddit, why do you buy premium snapchats, onlyfans subscriptions, nudes, or other type of porn when there’s free porn everywhere?
How do you describe humans, and what things do you think humans have in common ?
You found something, what is it?
Who did you miss a chance to give a high five and would like to call out? Who wowed you?
Males of Reddit; If you could get any female in the world pregnant, who would it be?
How many reddit community subscriptions are considered average/ normal ?
What animal seems too fake to be real?
If you were the last human left on Earth and were about to die what last words would you say to represent all of humanity up to this final moment?
What will we call 50’s music/movies in 30 years?
If you were to choose, what would be your last words if you died from old age?
What Harry Potter character do you relate to the most?
What's an interesting fact about your hobby/interest/fandom?
If you are in Heaven will you go to Hell to see what they are doing?
What’s the most popular comment or post you’ve ever made?
What's the difference between an introvert and "a wimpy timid person who try to hide from people for so many time that they cannot communicate easily anymore"? If there is few or none, then how could an introvert be successful in fields required communication skills?
Which YouTube ad annoys you the most?
What are you so obsessed with that you can't shut up about it?
Your friend just texted you... What did they say?
Tinder passport is free this month; what's the craziest place to go looking for matches?
What age do you consider to be old?
If your wife is a breed of animal, which would it be?
What’s a fun fact about your city?
You have to eat the same meal everyday for the rest of your life. It cannot be changed in any way, it has to be EXACTLY the same. What do you choose?
Where would you go if you wanted to run away and start over?
Who is the most condescending person you've ever met?
Women of Reddit: Tampons or pads? Why do you prefer one over the other?
What made you become like this?
What’s the one thing everyone should do once in their life?
What is the scummiest "prank" you have ever seen or heard of?
If you could change the colour of any object, how do you cause the most confusion?
What was the awkwardest first date you’ve ever had and why?
How do you think about white lie?
What is your favorite reddit story you have found?
When you wash your ass do you stick a finger up or vigorously rub the anus with a soap bar?
what percentage of reddit is owned by tencent china?
If you could changethe colour of any object, how would you cause the most confusion?
Which random online course(s) have you taken lately?
Would you choose to die a slow torturous death, or watch while the 3 people you love the most are swiftly killed, and why?
You can go back 5 years in time to yourself and do or say something with you. What Will you say to yourself or do?
Hairdressers of Reddit, did you ever make a big mistake? How did the client react?
How to develop laser-like focus ?
is there a sort of incentive for military couples to get married so quickly? all these 20 year old couples who aren't old enough to even drink yet have new houses, cars and kids already and the men are usually FRESH out of boot camp by now. is their salary enough to support a family that early on?
What do you think about nuns?
Left apple juice in the backseat of a car for an indeterminable amount of time, but probably less than a month. Doesn't taste spoiled, but it's kind of fizzy and tastes a little alcoholic. Is it safe to drink?
If you could pick the next thing for Reddit to collectively love (or hate) what would you pick?
Are you using a different Tinder location then where you live (with the passport feature now being free), and why?
If America was a colony of a country other than Britain, what would the Boston Tea party have been instead?
What’s your favourite reddit post ever?
When you die, what items will drop?
Why do humans experience such emotions?
"Fucked your mom" type insults are really overused by now. What should we replace them with?
What is the best, must watch true crime documentary/docuseries?
What are the churches saying about the current situation? Are they helping?
How has your life been affected in these past couple months?
Do you think that all the bad things happened in 2020 because the pope slapped a woman on 1st day of 2020 ?
If you could either be Bill Gates’s best friend or Adam Sandler, who would you be and why?
What is the most useless post of Reddit? still, exploded?
What is the likely hood that you'll get some kind of bidet after living through TP shortages?
[Serious] How do you handle Corona virus conspiracy theorists?
When did you learn how you were conceived? And how did it happen?
Which country is considered dangerous?
If Stewie was a greeter at Walmart, what would he say to the customers?
Would you rather smell with your feet or only be able to walk on your head?
Do you stop wiping when you see no stain on the TP, or do you know you're finished when you don't feel your hand sliding across your ass crack smoothly?
When you die would you like to be buried by the funeral dance guys?
Why are you still up?
Which movies would have their plot completely changed or broken if their story was placed in a different time period, and how would it affect them?
What dinosaur would be the hardest to jerk off?
What's some moments when ur like "oww" but realize it doesn't hurt?
What are some local food in your region?
When will lock down be over?
What do you do to make the time pass easily while you stay in your appartment?
How can you explain how tall you are without giving any numbers?
What are some of the deepest and most dark thoughts you've ever had?
What do you miss about life before 2020?
What are the best last words in history?
Men of reddit, what made you decide you will start peeing sitting down?
What is your country's 9/11 or Pearl Harbour?
The sense of smell can be a powerful tool to regaining memories. If you developed amnesia, what scent would bring you back to remembering who you are?
What’s a long-standing myth that most people still believe?
What is something you enjoyed or looked forward to when you were young, that future generations will not experience or understand?
What is the first thing you're going to do when isolation is over?
If you could revive a dead game, which one will it be?
People of the UK: How are you feeling about Brexit now?
Redditors at what age can you remember being aware of your own consciousness ?
What’s something that immediately hits you with a wave of nostalgia?
Do you ask enough questions or do you settle for what you know?
What is the first thing your are going to do when isolation is over?
What is a picture/image that you have in your mind right now?
Which actor makes you immediately say “ugh, I’m never watching that”?
Gays of reddit, what was your realisation that you were gay story?
Redditors of Reddit, what supernatural or weird experiences have you ever been in?
How annoying can customers be with computers?
How do you drag yourself out of bed in the morning when you’re laying next to a hottie?
What is your biggest WTF moment now?
What is the weirdest question you could ask reddit?
How do you decide what to eat when you go out with your friends?
Somebody has copied my work through online and he lives in the US( im in Hong Kong), whcih leads to will my work be protected even overseas?
What is the worse experience you’ve ever had at a restaurant?
How do right handed deal with driving in japan since japan is right hand drive?
You get the chance to go back to a particular moment of your life which you choose and continue life from there. Will you go back? And which instance will you go back to and why?
You can meet anyone that has ever existed, BUT after you meet with them you have to kill them. Who are you visiting?
Guys, how do you handle your #relationship and #sexlife during #quarantine? We have prepared funny &amp; amazing (that's what people said) #Research on #Sex &amp; #Relationship in #Confinement. Start the survey ➡Link: https://forms.gle/Rkuc6iKdSKHGbi6S7 Thank you, stay safe &amp; have fun!
People of Reddit, what is something you want to know, or find interesting about the other gender?
What is the best rule that no one follows?
What would you take with you on the island, if you can pick only three items?
What are your top all time favorite foods/drinks/snacks/candy etc. when high?
L.E.O.’s of reddit, what was the most absurd call you have ever been on?
Redditors, what can one experience which would make him numb to emotions?
What's the backstory behind your scars?
If you could give up a body part in exchange for one wish, what body part would it be and what would you wish for?
How many reddit community subscriptions is considered average/ normal ?
People of reddit who have fallen unconscious what was it like?
What is a scientific theory of yours you feel could be groundbreaking?
What did Meatloaf mean when he said “but I won’t do that?”
People of Reddit. Have you ever encounterd an Entitled parent and how did it go?
The phrase "ok boomer" has become popular, but what are actual good things we can learn from older people?
What movie mashup do you feel like you are currently living in? (Serious)
Childrenless people of Reddit, do you think its worth it to bring a child into this jungle of world, why or why not?
What did someone do or say that helped you when you were at your lowest?
People of reddit, what is your best wingman/wingwoman story?
What are some crazy stories where you survival kit came in clutch?
Is the price of the iPhone 11 justified by its quality and should I get it when I have a fine working 2,5 yo iPhone 8? Is the iPhone 11 as good as they say it is so that it’s worth spending the money?
What is your favorite fruit? Why?
What is a quote from a fictional character that stuck with you?
What movie mashup are you currently living in?
What's the dumbest thing you've seen at a supermarket?
For those who have been suspended before, what was the reason why you were suspended?
Who's that ONE person you know who either can't or doesn't care to get it together?
What's a great and not that difficult skill to learn that benefits you for the rest of your life?
Is cereal soup? Why or why not?
Gamers of reddit, what is the most broken thing to happen to you in game?
I got three different visible scars from stupid reasons what is the backstory for your scars?
Stumbled around a 9 year old girl who lives in Canada and gets abused by her dad on the daily. Live in Europe so helping is a little difficult. what does one do?
What’s something that aged surprisingly well?
What’s your Psychedelic story?
What is your favourite childhood song and why?
Where to buy a handheld disk player?
Why is CNN always spreading fake news ?
What movie got a lot of hate that you actually enjoyed?
How old were you when you lost your virginity?
What’s the most wholesome 100 thing you ever camed?
If you were dying and could only pick one person to say your goodbyes to, who would it be?
Imagine You Lived On A Fancy Mansion And You Had An Extreme Lamborghini But When You Leave The Fancy Mansion The Mansion Becomes Haunted And When You Get Back You Had A Vacuum Cleaner A Phone Or A Ghost Trapper You Had One Thing To Choose What Do You Choose?
What weird things did you say or do as a child?
People who are in relationships, what small considerate things did your SO do that you will remember forever?
What question do you ask to make sure this person standing before you is really you from the future?
What goes first, the cereal or the milk?
What are pros and cons for leasing a car??
What type of food makes you really sick but can't stop eating or drinking?
What room do you miss most whilst in Isolation, other than the ones in your own home?
What would you do, if the Internet shuts down?
What's a fact about Africa that impressed you?
The last thing you searched up on Google kills you, how do you die?
If you became a god, what thing would you immediately change about the world and why?
What flaw in a system have you abused/exploited?
Who is your favourite character on Seasame Street and why is it The Cookie Monster?
What's the story behind your username?
What’s the best way for a young-ish adult to make friends?
What is the weridest thing that made you horny?
With how 2020’s been so far, how many of you have been sticking to your New Year’s resolutions?
What is something trivial someone has done which had a significant impact on you?
have there ever been a time when you wanted to destroy your phone?
If poison expires, is it more poisonous or les poisonous?
Which do you consider more important? Upper body strength or lower body strength?
How do you find motivation to work when procrastinating?
Fivver workers of Reddit, what are the weirdest/creepiest things that you have been hired to create?
What skill is good to be mastered in this period of time?
What are some weird before-sleeping habits you've got?
Guys of reddit, what is an unwritten rule of being a guy?
Paramedics of reddit, how are you doing during these uncertain times?
Why is comparing Trump to the Joker funny?
How many good years does the planet have until humanity fucks it up for good and everybody dies?
When did you realize that the job you dreamed of as a kid really sucked?
What do you find most attractive in a person?
How will the world change once quaratine is over?
What is the most deadly weapon (gun, aircraft, vehicle) you can buy as a civilian in the USA?
[Serious] When were you genuinely afraid someone was going to kill someone?
What makes a post blow up on askreddit?
Simple question, what makes you happy more than it should?
In a zombie apocalypse situation, what would be your weapon of choise?
Why don't user profiles show what continent they're from....?
What are the chances of someone undertaking a sociological study of the effects of Trump’s presidency?
What makes posts blow up on askreddit)
What would be your role in World War Pee?
Can you show how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Who is your favorite current NBA player and why?
If you actually had to get a licence to have kids, what would the questions on the test be?
What are some good metal bands for someone that isn’t familiar with the genre?
How long before we forget all the lessons learnt from this pandemic and go back to business as usual and why?
Which movie would you enjoy more as a TV series?
how do i get karma
Can you come up with anything that all of humanity can agree with)
Anglophiles of Reddit: what great British TV or Film had you never heard of until a Brit introduced you to them?
What's the best beginner gacha game?
What store would you pick to live in the rest of your life?
What gacha game should I play?
Grammar nazis of reddit Hows you day?
What young looking actors did you see in films/series and were later astonished to find out they were older than expected?
If Seinfeld was remade as a serious drama film, who would be cast?
Which movie title to which if "...in my asshole" is added at the end, it would become hilarious?
What would you like to rant about?
What’s the lamest excuse someone used to avoid texting you in these times?
If you had to show one video to a different species to save the human race what would you show?
Life is a platforming game and you only have one life. How far could you reach?
[NSFW] What was the weirdest thing that you masturbated to?
What are the weirdest things you know?
What would happen if Zoom made you enter an e mail to join?
If you were given a billion dollars, would you cut both your hands off, and why?
What is the weirdest thing that happened during a driving lession?
What is the foundation of your identity?
Why are you gay?
What did Einstein think of the philisophical concept of "power" and it's properties (even though he was a physicist)?
If you had to share a song to someone you just meet, what woulf it be and why?
What fetishes do you have?
Do you believe the cure to cancer could lie in the mind of a person who has no way of getting the education needed to discover it?
Where do you like being touched the most?
Everyone says to achieve greatness, but what’s wrong with being happy with mediocrity?
What keeps you up at night?
If you could build your ideal woman partner, what would she look like?
What's holding you back from pissin in your neighbor's mailbox?
What's the worst "Are you joking or serious?" experience you've encountered?
What’s your favorite midnight snack?
Why do people keep dying of Covid-19 when everyone is sending their thoughts and prayers?
When it comes to fetishes, where's the line in your opinion?
If there is no God, who atheists do not believe in then?
Dog owners of Reddit, why do you let your dog off-leash when you’re next to a busy road - isn’t that irresponsible?
What is the most flow inducing activity that puts you "in the zone"?
What would you do with your time if you magically didn’t have to sleep?
What is the most unusual way to make new friends?
What subreddit should be more famous?
What are the symptoms of period?
Where is the worst place i can go on the deep web. I have tor
What are your biggest regrets in life?
If you could meet yourself a year ago from now. what would you tell him/her?
What are the posts/references that a Veteran Redditor will still get?
What are some real satisfying moments you had while gaming?
What’s the creepiest YouTube vlog channel?
What is something you feel everybody except you knows how to do?
What are the pros and cons of being your nationality?
Deaf people, why do you go to music concerts and what genre is your favourite?
[Serious] Let’s celebrate together! What are some of the best moments, positives, or miraculous blessings you’ve experienced recently?
What are your most favourite reddit inside jokes?
Your goal is to get 10 thousand (internet point type) in 24 hours or less, what do you post and where?
Who's the user you keep seeing while you're both sorting by new?
What piece of historical knowledge would make the most difference to the world if it was known today?
Do you feel as smart as you once were? If so, how do you maintain? If not, what went wrong?
What’s The Most Beautiful Place You’ve Ever Been?
Do I stay in the UK and Travel or move to Canada? I am currently going through a tough decision, my dream is to live in Canada and to do this id do a working holiday visa however I would like to travel Europe abit first. if I stay ill get a motorcycle again and if I go ill have to save WHAT DO I DO!
People who have been inspired by the film 'YES MAN', What are your stories?
World record holders. How and why did you earn that title.
If you were managing a platform to inspire high school seniors during this time, what would you post?
Class of 2020, will you still take part of a makeup graduation ceremony next year or move on with your diploma, why?
What has been your worst nightmare that sort of developed into a real life phobia?
Men of Reddit, what’s the sexiest thing you see woman wear out in public?
If could redraw timezone maps what would you change?
Your goal is to get 10 thousand (internet point type name) what do you post and where?
People who can fall asleep in like 10 seconds how the fuck do you do it??
Redditors who used to be really obsessed with a famous person, what was the psychology behind that? (serious)
A large and hairy man tells you that you are a wizard and to go to a wizard school. What is your response and why?
What is the most popular thing to do on Tik Tok right now?
What are crazy things introverts do?
Which is larger? 2^(100!) Or (2^100)! ?
Sex and related activities are the world currency, what would happen to life?
How do you know, the guru said, you're a man and not a butterfly instead?
What is the weirdest thing you have woken up to?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What’s the “one thing” you did as a child that stills gets brought up to this day?
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you for being nice?
Stuck at home, what are some good websites to stream movies ?
[Serious] People who dislike police, have you ever had to set your opinions aside and call them, if so, how did it go?
Would you say the amount of experience a girl has would put you off dating and why do you think that?
What’s the story of an unexplainable event that you have witnessed?
How do you get the cum stains out of your fursuit?
What is the topic we can argue about for days?
If you were a food which food would you be?
What is the best thing about online school now that it’s all from home?
Without saying what the category is what are your top 5?
Scientists and sci-fi fans, what lies beyond our universe?
What is the worst passive aggressive insult you've heard?
What tv show or movie made for all ages would be a lot more interesting if it was on a adult platform?
Hey so recently discovered that split peas are in fact just peas that have been split. Is there any reason for this? Why are people splitting peas??
Judges of Reddit, what was the most stupid reason you saw someone get sued for?
What is the most awkward question someone can ask?
How many times per week is it acceptable to eat a bag of popcorn?
Which sports have the lowest scoring frequency?
Your name changes to your reddit username, how screwed are you, and what jokes do you make?
What are some hidden/unknown internet secrets or gems?
What's the most influent artist/band in your opinion?
Why do people in Europe and America doesn’t follow the same precaution as wearing a mask for protection.
What’s the strangest/ scariest dream you’ve ever had?
Gamers, what are your thoughts on GameStop possibly not recovering from closing their stores and maybe even shutting down for good?
How old were you when you had your first kiss and how did it happen?
Whats the worst case of virus/malware you ever got on your PC? How did you got it and what happened next?
What is the best thing that has happened during 2020?
What form of “all ages” content would improve drastically if it was made for adults?
If you could have a dinner with someone who is no longer alive, who would it be and what would you ask him/her?
If 5G is dangerous why is it in production?
How do you pass gas without alerting anyone to their inimate danger?
What is the darkest episode of your favorite kid's show?
If you could be super anything for one day, what would it be?
Staright guys, who are your favorite male adult models?
What is your experience with shame or racism from your SO’s family while being in a interracial relationship?
What’s a food from your childhood that you still love to eat?
What is the darkest episode of you favorite kids show?
What is an item you have lost that you still hold a grudge about?
What was the greatest sacrifice you’ve seen in a movie?
What’s something you’re still afraid to be caught doing since becoming an adult?
[Serious] What's an interesting physics theory everyone should know about?
What's your favourite Beatles' song?
What are some things that give you short term joy?
You have to hide from the whole world for 1 week and you have 2 days to prepare and hide where do you hide?
what is the real life equivalent of putting toast in the breader?
If you could make a vi-rus of any kind, what would be it’s name and effects?
Games, what are your thoughts on GameStop possibly not recovering from closing their stores?
What are your most disturbing and scariest stories that you have experienced or heard about?
Which character(s) has the best rule 34 art?
How can someone stop maladaptive daydreaming?
What are some good ways to keep students motivated during the switch to online?
Where is the strangest place you have ever fallen asleep?
Many people eat their meals at different times at the day all of them usually around the same time, which can be called breakfast lunch and dinner. What time exactly do you think each on should be eaten at and why?
If you could just make up a new kind of plant you'd love to see, what would it be, look like, do, and live in?
Why do some intelligent people fail to achieve their potential?
What is a good console "For The Players"?
What is the most memorable thing you’ve overheard?
If you dream about travelling to and living on Mars, how do you like the current confinement?
What is a quote/saying that you live by?
How do people turn off their brains sleep during these troubling times?
People who don't watch TV, how do you spend your evenings?
If you can create a perfect illusion of people interacting with you, could that replace real interaction? Why or why not?
What's the weirdest legal name you've come accross to date?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve ever experienced or a story that you’ve heard/read that actually happened?
What post exploded for abaolutelly no reason?
What is the one joke that you don't get a laugh for saying but you still think is funny af?
Why does everybody hate reposts?
What's your go-to movie or series that you can put on to help you fall asleep?
How often do grocery stores restock pantry goods?
What one thing do you want so badly it hurts?
What’s a time where you were completely in the wrong?
Ladies what are your opinions on people who play with legos after their 13?
People who make critical decisions on the fly, how the heck do you do it without overthinking?
Do you imagine being a small bird, when cracking sunflower seeds? How....?
What popular TV shows or movies have improv scenes that viewers may not know about?
Who do you think is the strongest GTA character? and why?
What are your professional standards?
What irrational fears did you have growing up?
Video game hackers. Why do you hack?
Taxi drivers of reddit, what is a location that weirded you out when someone wanted to go there?
Hey Redditors! Back at it again with another question. Whats something that really annoys you?
What is something everyone loves but you despise? Why?
Why should people of color get advantages based on skin color in the US?
Where are you commenting from right now?
What's the first thing that you're going to do once it's safe to leave your houses?
For those who failed a lot in life who are now successful in your own right, how did you do it?
If money were no object, what would you be doing with your life?
How do people who are dreaming about travelling to and living on Mars like the current confinement?
[Serious]. How do you get over a bad relationship in this current environment?
Do you think gays should go to hell? Why or why not?
What wife-approved out-of-the-house fake activity do you have so you can get away from her for a while?
What is the strongest human emotion? Why do you think so?
Why do pimples appear not only on the face, but even legs, arms, bellies and backs?
People of Reddit, what's your funny post surgery story?
What was your "Oh shits about to go down" moment in highschool?
Beatles fans of reddit; did your favorite change, and why?
Lawyers of Reddit, if you could have 3 wishes from a genie, but it was a genie that would twist your words if you weren’t careful, what would your wishes be?
How about we all take a few minutes and watch some MAD TV Coach Hines videos?
Housekeepers and maids of reddit, what are some cleaning tips and tricks not a lot of people know about?
People who pour milk into the bowl before cereal, why?
if you have been scammed on the internet what's your story?
What's a problem you're too poor to understand?
I'm going for groceries, what should I get?
People who realized that they where the one being talked about in a reddit post, what was your reaction and what story was it about?
If you had 3 words to say to trump right now, what would it be?
What's a problem you're too rich to understand?
Do people really think the Covid-19 pandemic started, because someone ate a bat or are they just joking around?
What is the best cross over you have ever seen in your life?
What made you realize that your childhood was over?
What is something worst that could happen instead of what we’re going through now?
Do you think that scene is gonna make a comeback as the “Rawring 20s” this decade? Why or why not?
What was the harshest revenge Redditors took against someone? What happened?
What old events/memories you wish you could relive?
Do you recommend an Xbox or a PlayStation and why?
What is the thing you love/hate the most about Internet ?
What tips would you suggest to new people on reddit?
What was something you did that made you feel just a little bit better? (Serious)
Why shouldn't pineapples be allowed on pizza?
Dear cops of Reddit: If you ask someone to get out of their vehicle, do you need to have reasonable suspicion? Why would someone refuse to step out of their car? Do you tell them, “it’s for reason xyz”?
What is it like being in the USMC? (serious)
lets make this blow up for no reason
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
[Serious] Parents of reddit, what's the worst thing you have done to your own child and why?
You are sent back in time by 10 years to alter the the timeline what do you do in order to send the world to chaos?
If Reddit is the problem child of the family, what are the other social media sites like Tumblr, Instagram, Orkut, etc?
Entrepreneurs of Reddit, How did you came up with the Idea of your Startup?
What are some less popular alternative websites of the more popular ones?
What was enough for you to stand up and leave?
What is it like being in the USMC?
How funny is this joke?
What do you use reddit gold for?
What is the dumbest thing you've gotten into an argument about?
What is the worst thing you've forgotten?
What are your greatest fears?
What sexuality do you feel is underrepresented and why? [Serious]
If you had Jack Sparrows compass, where would it point to?
Addicts of reddit, how are you holding up in this quarantaine?
how did your pet die?
What are you buying to elevate your home living experience?
Redditors of Reddit, how has tech influenced our lives (and how is it affecting them right now) ?
What perfect, and at the same time cruel prank have you pulled off?
What moments did you remember for a lifetime?
Do your parents love you? If not, why?
What will be your weapon of choice in the upcoming Coronapocalypse?
What's the easiest way to get a reddit award?
What are the ways to roast people ?
Given that the world will likely cycle in and out of lockdown over the foreseeable future, what have you been prompted to purchase to elevate your home living experience?
What incident taught you a valuable life lesson?
What unsolved mystery would you like to be explained in your lifetime?
What is an insignificant yet highly controversial opinion you hold?
So I have never touched a skate in my life and I want to try it out. Any tips for a beginner?
What is the best way to choose life partner?
I read that rich people buy assets. What is a good asset for poor people to buy with their stimulus check it you don't need it for survival?
When you say you’re “just chillin” or something of the like, what are you usually doing?
Why do u like the pee pee?
What is a wish a genie absolutely couldn’t get around and make it into something else?
Parents that read your Kid’s notifications, what have you found that either made you regret it or glad you do it?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What comedy movie do you not find funny, but just sad?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
Redditors who have killed someone, what is your story? (Serious)
Do you think Carol Baskins killed her husband? If so, how?
why created the fb page,can’t search in the public?
How do people in your country of origin view the police?
What did you do?
What word do you always misspell?
Would you drive from San Francisco to New England right now? Which route would you take?
Wha this the WORST thing thing the. “ funny kid” has done?
[Serious] How has your mental health been affected by this?
What moment from a Disney movie made you weep?
What is the hardest thing you had to do in your life?
How to un hide post?
If you could travel in time to any point in history, where would you go?
What are some unspoken rules of reddit?
Why did you get called racist?
What happens to the merch for any event that won‘t happen this year?
Card view or compact view?
What is the weirdest place you found a good song you didn't know about?
Entertainment industry (particularly tv/movie people: Many of us are depending on your work to help get through being stuck at home so much. How has the current state of the world affected your work? How do you think it will affect future work? Will there be delays in release dates?
Why are all the voice actors for cartoon movies celebrities?
What happens if you inject sperm into ur dicc with a syringe?
What are some of the most embarrassing/funny things that you seen during a video chat ?
[Serious] What do you believe will happen when you die, and how do you cope with it?
[Serious] What advice do you have for overcoming depression?
[Serious] Redditors of Reddit, how has tech influenced our lives and how is it affecting it right now?
Rhinos are in fact terrible Climbers. What are some other true "facts" that you know?
If you could go back in time to see any concert who would you see?
You die and are reincarnated into the body of a small child living hundreds of years in the past, what is the first thing you do?
What was the best uno reverse card you ever did?
What witty comeback did you come up with, but it was way too late?
Entertainment industry (particularly tv/movie people: Many of us are depending on your work to help survive being stuck at home so much. How has social distancing affected your work? How do you think it will affect future work? Will there be delays in release dates?
What book are you reading right now?
(Serious) What did you want the most out of life, that you have been unable to attain?
What stupid thing did you do as a young child that you now realize could have killed you?
If you had to pick a phrase to say for the rest of your life what would it be and why?
People of reddit did you have a insane family member stay with you if so what happend did you kick them out?
How long has it been since your dad went to go get "cigarettes" or "milk"? Did he ever came back?
What was the best uno reverse card you ever did?
During This Period Of Working From Home, What’s The Most Embarrassing Thing That’s Happened While on a Group Call?
People with a helicopter parent(s), what did they do that crossed the line?
What are some crafty ideas that you have done during quarantine ?
which anime Monika Chan comes from ?
What was the best uno reverse card you ever did
How would a five year old respond to this question?
What were you doing before you got on reddit tonight and what will you do after?
What are the internet’s best Truth or Dares?
How has working somewhere changed the way you view/consume their products?
What is something that coincidentally you keep coming across and could interpret as a sign?
What’s a legendary post or comment on Reddit that everyone needs to see?
What's a great gift to cheer up a couple who are sad because they can't go out?
what is something you love that everybody hates?
What is your proposed cure to Covid-19? (Unserious replies only)
When was a time that the Google security alert feature actually helped you?
Well hello snowflakes, how is the Trump bashing going tonight?
What is your most ridiculously unbelievable fact?
And kids, that is how they fucked the country. What are your leaders doing today that is going to screw your kids’ future?
What are some simple things you can do to help you fall asleep easier?
What is the best real love story that you’ve ever heard?
What’s a historical post or comment on Reddit, that everyone needs to see?
Who wants to string a song?
If you had to choose to be a videogame character for your lifetime , who would it be and why? What pros and cons would there be?
(Wrong Answers Only) What do you consider a healthy diet?
What food made you think, how in the world did our ancestors know it was edible?
In history have humans ever hunted and eaten manatees?
About the CCP coronavirus, what is the situation in your country/city/area that isn't being reported in the media?
At what point is it okay to start lying on your work from home hours? Is it ever?
If you take the villain from your favorite video game and make him the antagonist of your favorite movie, what do we have?
How intelligent do you think you are?
What's the one thing that always makes you wonder "Gee, I wonder how they figured THAT out?"
How has your physical appearance and structure changed in your 20's compared to your teen years?
What is the most insane conversation you have ever heard while eavesdropping?
Redditors who are constantly on the move for work, how did you find your significant other?
How long did it take you to get over past trauma ??
How has your physical appearance and stufture changed in your 20's compared to your teen years?
Why do you keep a social media account? Nowadays it sounds obvious to have one, but is it?
Redditors who knew people before they became adult film stars, what were they like?
When was a time that you where actually thankful for Google's security alerts?
When was a time that you where actually thankful for Google's security alerts?
A movie of the Earth. Past, present, and future. What do you call it?
What modern technology advancement will come later than we think?
What’s something that happened to you that you still can’t explain to this day?
How fast can you guys corrupt a thread?
Entertainment industry (especially tv/movie people): Many of us are depending on your work to survive being at home all the time right now. How is the current global pandemic affecting your work? How do you think it will affect future work? How likely are premiere dates to be pushed back?
What is something unrealistic that you often see in movies that annoys the hell out of you?
What are some of the school stories you have?
What's the weirdest side effect/reaction you've ever experienced from something (e.g medication, drugs, plants, etc..)?
People of Reddit what is the last thing you said before a surgery?
What's the best thing you've seen on Reddit lately?
Simple question, why did you join Reddit?
if you had the chance to go back in time to change anything what would you change?
Does anyone know a good face credit card generator?
If your life was made into a movie, what kind of movie would it be and who would play you in the movie?
i’m a 13 y/o boy any 13 y/o girls wanna send
The crisis could be a boom for a lot of people who choose to remain unemployed; Now they have a reason for the dole they get. Are you aware of any such people and what’s their story?
What is the dumbest question you have been asked during the job-interview?
[Serious]What are some good snacks?
(Serious) What are some good and calm indie music?
When was a time where you felt unattractive?
People who did the tide pod challenge, where are you now?
What is the most messed up thing you've seen or read here on reddit?
What are the most dangerous things that anybody is legally allowed to do but should only be performed by professionals?
What's a good response to "do you have schizophrenia? Because I don't remember asking."?
Redditors, What was the most uncomfortable/awkward situation you have ever been in?
Where the heck are you supposed to look when the dentist is working on your teeth?
What is something you really enjoy that not many people know about?
[SERIOUS] When did you realize that someone you loved was holding you back?
Can you name an Iconic fictional character (Books, Play, etc) of a well-known work whos main arch was to acknowledge his mistakes and tried to redeem himself?
What was the best thing you and your friends in high-school ever did?
Employees at printing services, what’s the strangest thing you’ve printed for a customer?
What if the dolphins in Venice are just checking if their plan was successful?
What happnd to them old homy woman who stuffed ded pigeon bird in her vagina?
How do you think social outings will change after things start up again?
What is something women/girls do thinking its sexy/attractive but it's actually not and should definitely stop doing?
Dog or cat owners, how is your furry friend acclimating to all this extra time they get to spend with you?
For the people that have called their number neighbours. What happened after your message and what did you send?
What are some jobs where you are less preferred if you have more experience?
What is the most unhygienic thing you do?
What else do you think must happen in 2020 to be known as the worst year for this century?
What numbering system do you use for volume settings?
How do you think public outings will change after things open back up.
Does anyone think scott Peterson can be innocent since no evidence was found against him and Modesto pd failed to look into witnesses saying they seen his wife walk and scott leave?
From what moments in your life do you still laugh?
What was it like to live in the 70's?
You get the chance to get the correct answer for just one question. But the answer has to be the name of any person, dead, unborn or alive. What question would you ask?
(Wrong Answers Only) Can a snake swallow a whole cow at once?
How do i lose my virginity if i have nothing to offer
If you were to turn into an inanimate object that became sentient what would you be?
What are some good, or great, remote learning options or tips? Do you have favorite websites or books?
When the shelter-in-place is lifted, what's the first thing you plan to do?
Which tragic/joyful historical event have you been at?
When an anime character draws anime, is it considered realistic art or anime art in the world?
You wake up and it’s January 1st, 2020 - what do you do?
What are you spending most of your time doing?
What song would you like played at your funeral? (Serious)
Do you have a family member driving you crazy during this stay at home time? If so, what are they doing that's so annoying?
When did you realize someone you loved was holding you back?
What's something you'd recommend to someone feeling down?
Physically handicapped users of Reddit. What do you think should be more accessible?
Who's the stranger you miss seeing now that you can't go anywhere?
What old people things have you adapted into your character?
If you’re driving down the freeway with no stops in sight and you feel like your going to sh*t your pants in the next 30 seconds, what’s the best way to handle it?
What are the little things that make you happy?
Who was your the biggest influence ?
What's a thing that you can't believe exists?
You can spend $5 to recall a random memory you’ve forgotten. How much do you spend before stopping, and what do you hope to remember?
What Reddit trend, meme, etc. makes you the most irrationally angry?
What GOOD NEWS would you like to share? [Serious]
What is the biggest mistake ever in human history?
What is it called when you don't believe in religion but you believe in some kind of unexplainable energy that has something to do with the universe?
translators of reddit, what was the most stupid thing you were asked to translate?
Did you ever see a ghost?
What makes you weird?
What is your favorite song?
What time is it where everyone is at
Which jobs do you think contribute more evil than good to society? Why?
Does anyone here have used Sencha ExtWebComponents in a VueJs project?
What scares you the most in life?
Which pokemon would you absolutely want to catch if you lived in the pokemon world?
What are some ways to become friends with some one?
What is your go to thing to do when you want to relax?
What's your favorite anime and what's so great about it?
Who is Carole Baskin and why is she such a bitch?
If you had to pick one word to say over and over again for the rest of your life what word would it be and why?
People of reddit, how was your first kiss?
What things make you embarrassed to be a human?
What is the best addiction you have?
if it was possible to be anyone you wanted to be, what life would you choose?
What is your favourite local superstition/urban legend?
If you could choose one food that didn’t fatten you ever, what would it be?
What was one of the things that made you cry as a kid?
What’s the worst part about having an underbite that most people wouldn’t think about?
Where is toilet paper all sold out, but Tampons are always stocked in supermarkets?
If you could instantly learn any skill, what would it be?
What common household items can you smoke out of that require little to no alterations?
Any 90's Kids? You feel lucky to be 90's kid? if yes Why? If no Why?
What is the best way to eradicate arthritis pain in the ankle?
What's the most useless lesson you take in online classes?
People of reddit, how are you doing/holding up?
How do you guys concentrate on your studies being at home all day?
You can shoot out any substance from the tip of your fingers. What is it?
How was your day?
If you could have a song play every time you walked into work, what would your theme song be?
What is one weirdly specific thing that everyone can relate to?
I need help with something. I need to hold down the enter key without being at my computer for something. i tried taping it down or putting something heavy on it but it didn't really work. anyone smart enough for this
Pianists of reddit, how long did it take you do learn Fantaisie Impromptu and if so, how long have you been playing?
Reddit, if you could have any animal but miniature, what would it be?
Can deaf people dream? If so, what is it like?
What’s Your Most Controversial Hot Take?
Are you more mean if your anonymous?
What is the thing you have no reason to hate, but you hate it anyway?
What used to be considered really funny, but isn’t funny at all anymore?
Who’s first 9gag or reddit?
Did/Do you know someone who completely changed as a person?
What was the strangest thing you saw online?
What is a thing that is correct but everyone’s afraid to do or say?
(Serious) What are some things that make you uncomfortable?
What is a very minor thing you do in secret, but people might look at your differently if they found out?
What was the dumbest thing you did as a kid?
What are some positive lasting effects COIVD-19 will have on the world?
What was the worst behavior you had seen be brushed off as "kids will be kids" or "boys will be boys"?
Retail workers, what is your worst horror story that happened this year?
[NSFW] What's a great hentai for research purposes?
What jobs will be popular in 2100?
What are some rock/metal songs that use unusual guitar pedals?
What are some obscure, Japanese-exclusive video games?
What on youtube can always make you laugh?
What if your entire career was replaced by an Excell spreadsheet function?
Who give the best Rallying speech in a Blockbuster movie?
I think I pushed too hard to poop and now my hole is bleeding, should I be worried?
People who can't have an internal monologue, how do you think?
What's the smoothest pick-up line you've ever heard?
What are the reasons for a post to not get automatically pushed to the front page?
Parkour people of reddit, what was the craziest trick you have ever done?
What’s a job that you’ve joined that you immediately regretted?
Who gives the best rallying speech in a Blockbuster movie???
In what way are you an asshole?
If you had to offer a unique skill or service to help in this time of need, what would it be?
If you could make a drug what would it do and what would you call it?
You awaken from your slumber to find yourself devoid of four of your senses - sight, smell, taste and touch. A ghostly voice cackles in delight, explaining that he has stolen these from you, but offers to return one other sense of your choice. Which do you choose to have returned and why?
Where do you see yourself in the next 10 years?
Have you ever stand up for somebody you barley knew who was being cyber bullied if so what made you stand up for them?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever seen an otherwise intelligent person do?
What if your entire career was replaced by an Excel spreadsheet
[Serious] What would be the short-term and long-term fallout(s) of all the artificial satellites orbiting Earth crashing down towards us all at once?
Parents of reddit whose children hate them/wish they were dead- why and what's it like?
People in hotel isolation, what are you complaining (upset) about?
Redditors who learned a second language (or more)... How did you do it?
whats that one subreddit where u can post ur own brand new sub reddit that u made so other people can join?
If you have $1000, what would you do with it?
People of reddit, how are you today? Holding up well? Need to talk about anything?
What modern technology advancement will come sooner than we think?
What if your whole career was replsced by a Excell spreadsheet?
What are the most popular cartoons that everyone should know?
What’s the stupidest reason your ex broke up with you for?
What If you woke up and your in a Video Game. What will you do?
What are the best ways to jack off that you’ve discovered over the course of your life?
What modern technology advancement will come sooner than we think?
What happened to THAT kid during your highschool experience?
People who have been on cruise ships, what is your horror story?
Who is the nastiest celebrity you have ever met?
How will you change your ways of life after this outbreak?
What is the thing that everybody loves that you hate?
People of Reddit, how has downsyndrome affected your life?
What is one secret you are still keeping from your mom?
What is the worse habit you have or have had?
[Serious] Why do a lot of people hate the word 'moist'?
What's an Early Access game that's more polished and complete than most games are on release?
What’s your “the one that got away” story?
What’s the trick to not caring what other people think about you?
What’s you’re “the one that got away” story?
What shows have you been watching lately?
What if Reddit force you to show your IP, Ban VPN , What would be the biggest impact ?
If trump was voted out, which celebrity should tweet him, "you're fired" to get the most amount of likes?
To which questions is “Uhm...” the worst answer?
What is the most selfless thing you’ve ever done?
What common sound do you absolutely hate?
What's a food you loved as a kid but hate now?
People that had to finish school early, and didn't get a chance to have a yearbook quote, what were you going to say in your yearbook?
What do you think music would look like if you could see it?
What is something that gets an undeserving amount of hate simply for being popular?
Why would you give someone you never met a virtual reward that serves no purpose?
What would your reaction be if you were told your parents knew about every time you were jerking off in your bedroom?
What do think about the relation of hot and spicy?
What is the easiest way of overcoming shock from a recent motorcycle accident?
What's the best thing you found out about sex you only after you've done it?
What is the worst noise in the world?
How many good years do you think we have left before climate change upends society?
Is it possible to change your reddit username?
What makes you human?
Reddit, what conversation/monologue have you had with yourself recently?
What was one rule that was implemented at your school or work that backfired horribly?
What the fuck is Animal Crossing?
What if stars werent really stars, they were holes so that we could breathe?
What are the some of the creepiest and weirdest fetishes that you have seen in your partner or dates?
Why aren’t you triumphant?
Trolls of Reddit: Why?
What are the signs that you are wasting your life?
Redditors with brothers/sisters, how does your personality compare to your siblings?
What did you want to be,when you were a kid?
What’s the most work you’ve ever done, only to have something happen, and realize you didn’t save it or back it up?
What’s the most shocking catfish story you heard ?
People living in big cities who opened their window to smell the air and feel the sun or the wind, how does it feels like?
What was your encounter with a psychopath like?
Do you have stereotypes with what people sing in the karaoke?
What if all science turns out to be wrong? How would that effect the world going forward?
What Song Perfectly Describes How You Feel Right Now?
What stupid thing did you believe as a child?
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever tasted?
[SERIOUS] Who are some of the most underrated people who did amazing things?
Online crimes databases links
What are some pressing environmental issues that don't get enough attention in the news?
We always talk about how the English language makes no sense. What is something dumb other languages do?
If you could make a tv show what would it be about?
What facts do you know that will ruin people’s childhoods?
What is a good present for a one year anniversary?
What was your, “why would you do that moment”?
What’s the worst “Oh my God and I didn’t save it” moment you’ve ever had? (Video games, papers, etc.)
People who have been inside a forest, which are the weirdest creatures you have seen?
What’s the best bedtime story?
What are your reasons for wanting to go back to school/work?
[Serious] Which conspiracy theories proved to be right/true?
If you had 2 extra hours a day, how would you make some extra bucks on the side?
Young Gamers of Reddit, do you go back to play older games in franchises to catch up on what happened in previous titles?
What's something you're morally against but logically for?
What's something you really wish you hadn't left unsaid?
If Jesus was a pothead, what would the world be ?
What is one of the most unsatisfying things of all time?
What question do you see to much on this subreddit?
In One Year: What is Going to be the "New Normal"?
What was the best video game campaign you have played?
What's an out there kink or fetish that you know of but other people probably don't?
Your username is how you single handedly defeated the aliens? What is it and how did you do it?
Did you give consent to be born? If so, what made you contemplate life before it happened?
What's your quarantine like?
How often do you wash you bed sheets?
QUARANTINE!!!
What punishment, if any, should people who are coughing and sneezing on people or food get?
What are the best iOS/Android games right now?
Which album is musically so good you would listen to it as a Kazoo Rendition?
People of Reddit who know about feet: What causes toe jam?
If you could do your wedding over again, what would you do differently?
Who means the most to you in your life, and why are they special?
Females of Reddit, what is your worst period story?
Vaccine Avoidant parents: If a vaccine became available for Covid 19, was proven to prevent Covid, would you get the vaccine for you and your children or refuse it? And.....go!!!!
Is everyone getting along with their family in quarantine? Or is it going crazy now?
Where was the best tap water you’ve ever had?
What's the most courageous thing you've ever done?
What is the one thing that happened in the past that changed you?
What’s something you wish you could change about Reddit?
What subreddit do you think deserves to be removed?
Gamers of Reddit: What is a video game that got cancelled awhile ago that you're still bummed you never got to play?
What's the weirdest thing a homeless man has done?
What do you think about masks being for fashion?
If the US States were like Game of Thrones houses, what would their names be?
When would you say that the iPhone’s camera start to be really good and compete with actual cameras?
Married people of Reddit, what do you regret doing at your wedding that you would advise people not to do?
What comment thread is better then the original post?
After dying your given the options to either be born again with memories of your past life, to be born again without them or stay dead? Which are you choosing?
What new hobby have you picked up recently?
Fast food workers or retail workers, what is your story of a prank call?
What thing made you realise your parents are doing it all wrong?
What's the best melancholy book you personally recommend?
What's not funny anymore?
What is your favorite whiskey?
What is your dream country (For instance if you were to be a citizen of any country, which country will you choose)?
What was the most popular anime/manga that's fan-base died out for dumb reasons?
what would be the perfect way of Jelquing to enhance penis size?
What was your favorite match from Wrestlemania?
What is the worst example of parenting that you’ve ever witnessed first-hand?
Whats the fastest way to ruin your life?
What important lessons parents cannot teach their children?
What mistakes did you make in high school ?
Why is playing with fire the new Tik Tok trend? Are you guys seriously that bored?
What time in the day is most important to you and what do you do in that time?
Test post pls ignore
What are some of the stereotypes about your country or city?
People who spend money to give reddit awards to other people's comments, why do you do it?
What are things that makes you happy?
Which celebrity would you not mind being stuck with alone for 3 full weeks and why?
Since we are all working from home: what noteworthy (funny, weird, scary) things have you experienced in videoconferences?
What's the most anticlimactic book that did not live up to it's hype?
With the advent of AI and machines as game-changers in industry, does communism, which essentially serves to lend power to the working class, have a future in the presence of capitalism?
Best thing you’ve ever eaten. What was it and where did it come from?
Redditers who have encountered anything paranormal, whats your story?
If you are having sex with a pregnant woman could the baby possibly play tug a war with your.... you know what?
can anyone enhance their Pennis size with Jelquing?
Graduates(HS) of spring 2020, what is your actual(or joke) class song?
People who spend money to give reddit awards to other people's comments, why do you do it?
Where could you get cheap furniture right now?
If you could choose to get a mansion or give a homeless person it what would it be?
Non-amerucans of reddit, what was the most surprising thing you saw in america?
What is it like being a psychopath or sociopath? How does it affect your daily life?
(Wrong answers only) what is coronavirus?
People who will vote for president Donald J Trump in the next election. What are your reasons?
what is something that is considered ok as a double standard?
You’re on death row. Special last request says you can watch one complete series. After the final episode you die. What series would you watch?
Bill Gates just said until a vaccine comes, life as we know it is “on hold”. How do you feel about this?
Professors. What was the worst assignment you marked?
What’s something you would change about Reddit?
Who are you seriously?
When you have a memory blackout and you get drunk are you concious of what you’re doing but not able to stop it? Or is it just nothing until you regain control of yourself/wake back up?
What's the most anticlimactic movie that did not live up to it's hype?
What's the 1st thing you going to do when you received $1,200 the stimulus check?
Hey What is your favourite video game?
You have been put under home quarantine for 3 weeks and have been given the choice to select one celebrity to spend the Quarantine with. Who would you choose and why?
You found yourself stuck between Winnie the Pooh and Satan on a one-on-one battle for supremacy of the underworld. They were both hanging on two sides of a platform you're standing on. Pooh offered you a lifetime supply of hunny if you helped him while Satan offered you immortality. What do you do?
If you could possess someone's body for one day, who would it be?
What quality do you respect most about a supervillain?
Americans of Reddit, how would you explain America to people who have never been there before?
Redditors who have received a police reward, what’s the story behind it?
What is your “I can't believe that actually worked” moment?
How to move on from toxic friendships?
What's something that seems exciting until you actually do it?
When should I seriously worry about a constipated cat? (Comments for details)
How do you bring Internet to a remote village in Africa with barely any infrastructure?
What is that one song that you wish you would’ve written?
Do you want to go back to a time before the smartphone &amp; why?
Girls of reddit, what’s the girl version of a guy itching his balls?
What is your favorite scooby doo movie/episode?
Redditor living in the US, why aren’t you asleep yet?
What was your worst year of school and what made it so unbearable?
WOW your a famous roblox youtuber and every time you play you get swarmed by players... how will you stop that?
People who eat family sized products in one sitting, what is your reason for it?
Do you guys crunch up your toilet paper when you wipe or do you leave it smooth?
What game is old that you still have?
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
If everything went back to normal tonight, what would you do?
What are you doing to make the world a more beautiful place during such a hard time?
What are you sick of?
They say the internet never forgets. What's something that the internet has forgotten?
What is your favorite opening scene in a movie?
What’s one of your most memorable F*** It moments?
What are the dumbest AskReddits you have ever seen?
Is calling it The Spanish Flu racist?
Metalheads of reddit, what bands do you recomend that don't screaming and lyrics in general?
If the quarantine ended tonight, what would you do?
People who managed to outpizza the hut, how did you accomplish such an amazing feat?
Aside from all the things you will do when this crazy time has passed... what won’t you ever do again?
What's the best way you've seen someone rebel against school rules?
What is something very mean someone has done to you?
Would you date someone that doesn’t have their life together? Why/why not?
You have a pet and the first thing you think of is the name. What is the pets name?
What's your favorite non pornographic magazine to masturbate to?
After dying your given the option to either be born again with memories of your past life or to be born again without them. Which are you choosing?
What are your thoughts on couples with age gaps of ten years or greater?
What’s the weirdest subreddit you’ve seen?
How beautiful would it be to watch the world burn? To see the colors. To see the life stay find ways to stay alive or dive right in. To see what's really matters in this world. How beautiful would it look like?
What's a good, underrated steam game to grind for the quarantine?
Redditors, what disaster movies start with the government ignoring a scientist?
What is a worst timed confession you have seen (doesnt matter if you or friend)?
What makes a woman cheat on her bf/husband who’s in the army serving his country far away?
If you could go back in time, what advice would you give to your younger self?
People who started smoking weed at a young age, how did you turn out?
Are there any mods here? Or are they all asleep
What's your favorite dunosaur and why?
What is something that you want to get off your chest?
What is one movie/tv show that really shouldn’t exist?
What happened to those of you who have taken breaks from media?
What is your favorite song?
What was your ‘all or nothing’ moment?
If someone you loved had (over time and with a lot of thought) decided to end their life, would you prefer to know before they did so? knowing this person tried everything, but external factors have destroyed things, would you want to know so you could have one last positive day with them?
What’s the dumbest Reddit post you’ve ever seen other than this one?
[Serious] Why do people say Depression is a real mental illness, yet if you said "I was too depressed to do my homework" they will simply laugh and call you lazy?
What is your POV on marrying an army man?
What is the craziest ‘Karen’ moment you ever witnessed?
What is the best kept secret on the internet?
What is the time you have used a strange object to defend against a attacker?
If you were a character in the TV Show Daybreak and could start a tribe/group, what would it be, and what is the purpose?
Gamers, what are some great story driven video games?
What’s something you wish you could undo?
What movie scared the shit out of you?
What job has kept you awake at night?
What is one movie/ tv show that you are embarrassed to admit you like?
What is the weirdest thing that your roommate was doing?
You get transporter at any moment in the past you pick. How do you rule the world ?
NSFW. To the girls of reddit that get mad at their SO for watching porn, why? Mine does and I'm cool w/ it, I've never really understood the point. Its not like he's cheating on you so what's up?
If there's a God and I could ask one question, it would be "Could you explain exactly how big the universe is so I can understand it?" What would you ask?
Who is the most useless main character in a tv show/movie and why?
Star Wars fans, if you could have any droid from the Star Wars universe as a personal companion, servant, etc. Which would it be and why?
What's one way your parents have made you excited about staying at home during quarantine?
Those of you without job, are you letting yourself go?
What would happen if everyone in the world slept at the same time?
You're now allergic to the subject of the last image you posted. What do you do?
What would you consider a bruh moment?
Why is there a “D” in Fridge, but not in refrigerator?
What would be your preferred weapon if we were set in a mythical world?
If you could be best friends with any celebrity couple, who would you choose?
Have you ever felt like you don't have emotions at all? Why?
What's an incredible hidden talent that you have but never told anyone about?
Why are you running?
What is the worst thing you've ever eaten ?
Why do cats love to crack &amp; eat sunflower seeds ?
What's the most satisfying thing you've done, while stuck at home?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done in a video game?
What is the nicest thing a stranger has ever done for you?
(Serious) what moment made you realise that this world is just fucked up?
For the people who’s posts blew up in this Subreddit, how many notifications did you get and what was your reaction?
What extraordinary has happened to you that you just can't explain?
Why would you wanna watch someone else playing a game, rather than you play?
[Serious] What is an unexpected kind gesture someone did for you that you still remember to this day?
What do blind people experience when they are in acid? ⠠⠱⠁⠞⠀⠙⠀⠃⠇⠀⠏⠀⠑⠭⠏⠻⠊⠰⠑⠀⠱⠑⠝⠀⠮⠽⠀⠞⠁⠅⠑⠀⠁⠉⠊⠙?
How does "Tom" comment on every video on YouTube?
What’s an embarrassing/cringe-y memory that’s been haunting you for years?
What’s the funniest shit you’ve ever seen?
What are some things you realize when you got mature?
You're offered $1,000,000 if you can hide from the entire USA government for 4 days. You can't travel to other countries to escape, but you can hide in any house you want. You also have a 3 hour head start, then they'll come looking for you, kinda like that TV show "Hunted". How could you do it?
You are allowed to go anywhere in time and space but only for five minutes, where and when do you go?
To those who have upcoming birthdays during the following weeks, what do you plan on doing to celebrate?
You are among survivers from the epidemy you are going to the separate island you have 5 minutes to get one item from your home what will you take?
What are some chicken marinades you've perfected and swear by?
What's the most satisfying thing you've done during the lockdown?
To those who have upcoming birthdays during the following weeks of quarantine, what do you plan on doing to celebrate?
What are some of the most hated subreddits?
What makes women cheat on there SO, Personally seen many men who love there ladies but they end up cheating, why?
What is your satisfying revenge story?
What’s not supposed to be funny but is?
Programmers, what's the proper way to put braces?
You are a secret agent just called for a top secret mission. You get very excited, since it is the one you have been waiting for your whole life. What is the mission?
What task did you fail to do, which you really shouldn’t have?
Why are you stressed out?
Have you ever fallen in love so deep that you can neither move on nor tell them you love them? What was the story?
So now that we appear to be in the middle of one, what do you think all those pandemic etc. movies got right, and what did they get wrong?
Where is the lamb sauce?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done to get something that you wanted?
What fear have you yet to overcome?
Whats a good way to kill off a character with little background?
What was the event that completely changed your life?
What was the first picture you've ever taken?
Can you change your username?
Have you ever had that one group member ruin the entire group project? If so, what’s the story?
So now that we appear to be in the middle of one, what do you think all those pandemic/disaster/apocalypse movies got right, and what did they get wrong?
What’s an easy way to clear out a room?
Those of you who are really really good at some skill, what is it, and what is the trick to doing that thing well?
Bill Gates has left you his fortune, what's the first thing you're doing?
What was the most awkward time you got caught?
People that get sexually stimulated/aroused while watching Law &amp; Order: SVU, how do you feel about it?
What post imploded for no reason?
Gamers, which online friend shaped you for the better?
Is sitting in the back of the class still a major factor for establishing dominance in school, or is it all gay assigned seating now?
Engineers of Reddit, how useful were all those calculus equations in real life?
She has done the UK, now Justin T decides that he wants the Queen of Canada to do a speech for Canadians too. What does she say?
What do you think you would spend most your time doing if you lived in the early 1900’s?
What's the weirdest/grosses thing a homeless man has said or done to you
Roblox developers of reddit, what game did you make and why?
When there is only one, why is it still called a pear?
What’s your ‘this is why we can’t have nice things’ moment from a work setting?
Whose career should never recover from downplaying the current events?
(Serious) What is the most disturbing unsolved mystery you know of?
What was the event changed your life forever?
What food do you make incorrectly that only you enjoy how it tastes?
Those without an internal monologue - how do you think?
What are the best tips for a non-sticky thumb when playing phone app games that require smooth movement across the glass?
Can i change my username
If you could go back in time and fix a cringy moment in your life, what would that moment be and how would you fix it?
Who was the stupidest person you ever met?
[SERIOUS] Anybody who's lives have personally been impacted by the coronavirus, what is your message to people who think this is a hoax or hyperbole?
Roblox developers of reddit, what game die you make and why?
You’re tasked with convincing two immortal human beings to follow the same rules/laws that we mortal humans live by. How do you accomplish this?
What other reason is there to say, "Fuck 2020..." besides the obvious one?
What was the thing that turned your bestfriend into your enemy?
What item is completely normal to own, unless you own too much?
Engineers of Reddit, did you use all those calculus equations in real life?
Whats a bs thought that needs to end?
What happened when you didn’t listen to your gut feeling?
I created my first subreddit. Will you help me get few joinings..? r/halaal_memes
What item becomes scary/scarier when you put the phrase “military grade” in front of it?
[Serious] Women of reddit, who have been raped or sexually assaulted, how did the people you told react and how are you doing now?
What is your profession and how has recent events impacted it?
When you draw a 5-pointed star, at what point do you begin?
Are you okay boomer?
What was the best revenge you've ever gotten?
Where does the other sock go (wrong answers only)?
my friends and i are doing these challenges to pass time. we all play a game together on ps4 and whoever dies first has to do a challenge we come up with. we've done one to where whoever lost had to tell a friend they are gay. but we've ran out of ideas for the dares. any suggestions?
What's the longest you've gone without having a job?
Why are some people meant to be unhappy?
Reddit, now that the world is self isolating, many people are taking up baking. What is a good name for sourdough starter?
What sort of things would an assasin put on his/her shelf to show of to his/her colleagues?
What would you do if nothing was illegal to JUST you?
What is the most obvious lie a boyfriend/girlfriend tried told you? &amp; did you tell them you knew they were lying?
What feels like a crime but isn’t?
Wrong answers only. Where does the other sock go?
Where is everyone out there?
What do you want to happen to you right now?
Would you be infected with coronavirus for money? You will get standard medical treatment where you live. And if yes, for how much?
What food do you make incorrectly that only you enjoy the way it tastes?
What if hitler wins gulag?
What is the craziest deja vu you have ever experienced?
sublist parameters are not supported def calcEuclideanDist((x1, y1),(x2,y2)): dist = float(((x2-x1)**2 + (y2-y1)**2)**0.5) return dist
What has been your best/worst experience with other random redditor?
Who do you know that disappeared off the face of the planet only to return years later with a whole new life?
If you had to mix any two animals to create the ultimate fighting animal, what two do you mix?
How did you confess your feelings to your crush? Furthermore, how did they respond?
What's your favorite series of video games?
Do you think some people are just meant to be unhappy?
Ex-fraternity members of Reddit, what was the darkest thing your frat has done while you were a member of it?
When you die, you are granted the chance to visit one important location from your lifetime. Where do you go, and what’s the story behind it?
Why don't you like risotto?
Animators of reddit, what was your first animation you made about?
You’re offered $10,000,000 if you can hide from the entire USA government for 4 days. You can’t travel to other countries to escape from them, but you can stay and hide in any house you want. How could you pull it off?
What are the best names you've heard for Benedict Cumberbatch?
What are some good songs to listen to while taking a late night drive on the backroads to clear your head?
What is on your "read this book before I die" list?
If you could recover any single lost item from your past, what would it be?
If you were to become 5 again while maintaining everything you already know. What would you do?
How would you use the words here, hear, hair, hare and heir in the same sentence?
What was your addiction and how did you overcome it?
[SERIOUS] Non religious people of reddit who went to a church/holy place to pray or ask for help, what made you?
Why are you racist?
If you were to become 5 again while maintaining everything you already know. What would you do?
Would you enjoy cuddling with a cute fluffy affectionate purring palm sized kitten right now? Why or why not?
Who wants a modern version of The Matrix with better effects?
How far have you gone into your life after realizing that you didn’t actually like your college major, and instead of changing it, just went with it?
What are the earliest symptoms of Alzheimer's?
What’s your biggest success story?
sublist parameters are not supported
Whats something people do on a regular basis until they learn how much harm can be done to them?
What is your favourite subreddit?
What's the right thing to do when people at work don't reply to your messages?
How do you get through a day?
How did you feel giving a handjob?
What movie did great at the box office, but was torture to watch?
What ability you have that is totally underappreciated?
What’s your crazy boyfriend story?
What famous and iconic quotes are actually take out of context?
What are your favorite horror films?
What’s your crazy girlfriend story?
Who want to celebrate Eastern like they do it in Slovakia?
What is your strange addiction and how did it start?
What's your "Oh crap, I left my... " story?
What's your favourite movie?
What is the single greatest Beatle song?
What was a time you have ever experiences pure evil with someone?
What do blind people experience when they take acid?
Say one put retainers in before bed and woke up with only one of them in, where might one look to find the other one?
what you will never tell to your partner but think you should say?
If you could resurrect one famous figure, who would you bring back to life?
Have you ever befriended someone that you used to dislike/hate? Why did you dislike/hate them and how did you become friends?
What’s something you like that everyone else hates?
What movie/tv show/book/game do you hold dear to your heart or brings back good memories after visiting the filming location or setting in real life?
Archeologists of reddit, as dumb as it sounds, when did you have your “Indiana Jones” moment?
What's something that you use to believe but have since found out to be true/ not true -and that information makes you sad?
What video game song(s) gets you hyped like no other?
At what temperature do y'all like your deodorant?
What is your step-parent or step-sibling horror story?
What skill or ability would you like to brag about but can't because is NSFW?
How close are you to snapping due to quarantine?
What do you think would happen if the British burned down The White House tomorrow?
You are given $800,000 to disappear, your friends and family are Okay with it. Where do you run and why?
What dish sounds disgusting but is actually delicious?
People that “forget to eat” on a regular basis or just don’t really care about food that much, what is it you are so busy doing/care about so much more?
You meet your future version of you, what do you ask him/her?
What random things have you memorized just because you’ve seen them so much?
How do you embed a link eith different wording in it?
Brothers and sisters, what made you fall in love, wether it was a person or a thing?
What event in history would’ve induced the most anxiety to you if you had to live through it?
One drug is now legal, free, and without negative side effects. Which one would help humanity the most?
If you could instantly learn any unknown statistic, what would it be?
People of Reddit who’ve changed their hairstyle during this time, are you impressed with it and why or why not are you going to keep it?
Those who have met your wife, when did you know she was it?
You have 10 seconds until the world ends what are you doing in that time?
Redditors who have met billionaires, what are they like?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
What's your favourite music genre?
What are some of the best feelings youve ever felt?
What are some questions you shouldn't ask the internet?
When was one person right and everyone else wrong?
Which movie sequel is better than the original?
What is something you have tried, but will never do again?
What are two activities that you would do normally, that would be extremely weird if you do them right after each other?
What’s something that your proud of doing but can’t brag about because it’s embarrassing or illegal?
What is a true fact so baffling, it should be false?
What is the worst reason you had for breaking up with someone?
Heavy sleepers, what do you do to ensure that you wake up easy in the morning?
What is the funniest thing you have ever witnessed?
[SERIOUS] What are some of the most disturbing serial killers in existence?
Why are you a virgin?
What was the dumbest thing you did as a kid that haunts you to this day?
What do you think of the gamer girls?
What was the dream that you saw last?
What's the most off topic post you've seen on a subreddit?
Why don't law enforcement have on-site living quarters like fire stations?
Climate seems to be fine, now that we may extra pack everything in plastic again. Whatever happened to the movement?
What was your smoothest flirting moment?
What is your best childhood memorie ?
what’s your favorite movie quote?
What are the places where houses are painted blue?
Have you ever quit a job because the people around you made you miserable, if so why? Also did you end up in a better job after that decision?
What oddly specific but utterly useless skill do you possess?
Which mission did you have a hard time getting past in a PC or video game?
Anyone else having a visual “silent” migraine right now? What are you experiencing?
What was the dumbest thing you ever did in school?
What was the dumbest reply you’ve seen on Reddit?
Students of Reddit when has the chill teacher snapped?
What's your oldest memory that still makes you cringe?
What’s one thing you love about reddit?
(Serious) Redditers who have been on the dark web, what was the most disturbing thing you saw?
People of Reddit, What is your favourite comfort food?
How can you change the world?
what is your dream job and why?
Who else out there is an essential worker, what are you doing?
Best songs for late night drives on the backroads to clear your head?
Be honest. What race will you not date?
What is something everyone does, but none would admit doing?
How do you feel about the current situation the world is going through (COV!D19)?
How has Reddit personally helped you improve your conversation skills?
Where to find archived local news tapes from 19 years ago?
How's the shut in life treating you all?
What are some American stereotypes?
What sport would be interesting if it wasn’t ran as serious?
How do you feel about the current situation the world is going through? (C0V!D19)
What’s the biggest fad right now?
If money and ethics weren’t an issue, what experiment would you do?
If we never had or replaced our currency system what would it be instead?
People of Reddit what event still haunts you to this day?
Whats a question that literally has no wrong answers?
People who were saved from being part of a tragedy due to some lucky circumstance, what happened ?
How's the quarantined life treating you?
Redditors, do you sleep with a night light? Why?
Tablet users, what kind do you have and what rating would you give it?
How are you guys wasting time?
What is the strangest thing you’ve learned about your spouse recently?
what is the dumbest thing you have ever seen in person or online?
What conspiracy theory do you believe in, and why?
What do you really want to do with your life?
For those who have jerked off with other people how did it happen and how was your experience?
you’re dick (or boobies) grows with your ego, how big are you?
What is the BiGgEsT fad right now???
If this Global Shutdown never happened, what stories would we hear about today?
What's that one shirt you only wear at home?
Everything you’ve ever said about someone behind their back is now revealed to them. How do your relationships change?
Ladies, how does it feel to have sex while on your period?
You'll remember when straws were our problem?
Who is your favorite character from The Office?
What was the maddest you have ever gotten at another human being before?
What do people from around the world think of Canada and Canadians vs United States?
What are some examples of ways to "get busy living or get busy dying"?
Si te han estafado por Internet ¿como ha sido?
What's the laziest AskReddit post you've ever seen?
Those with a username that begins with "PM_(item)", have you ever received a PM of that type, and if so, how many? What was your experience?
What’s that one small habit of others that really ducks your mind?
What’s something you would have told yourself right before moving out of your parent’s house?
If you could do anything you dream of what would you do and why?
What isn't as much fun as it sounds?
Singers or Want-to-be Singers of Reddit, who was the artist who made you begin to take Singing seriously?
Which subreddit do you hate the most?
What memory of where you did something dumb does your brain randomly make you think about?
Do you believe it is socially acceptable to talk to yourself? Why or why not?
What present do you give to everyone in the world if you were Santa?
what is the weirdest subreddit on this web site?
What is your favorite website?
Do you ever buy something you don't want from the vending machine to get the thing you do want behind it?
What does Shrek smell like?
If one had the clip segment of music, but wished to find the name of it, where would one post it to?
What's the reason for reddit saying that a post has a comment when it doesn't?
Reddit, what is your favorite food combination that other people find strange?
What’s something you regret posting to your favorite subreddit?
Whats a great multiplayer game on the phone for 5 to 15 people?
What’s the best moment that has happened to you in your life?
You can change one scenario that happened in the past week, what would you change?
Youtube gets around 1 billion hours in views every day. If you had 1 billion man-hours to use to work on a task or problem, what would you use them on and how?
What’s the weirded thing you’ve done you thought you would hate, but ended up enjoying?
To all you sneaky people out there, what tv show did you watch as a kid/teen even though you weren’t supposed to?
what video service would you like to be created to replace youtube?
What is your pee horror story?
Gamers, what's the pettiest thing you've ever done to a NPC and why?
If i kill my clone, would that be murdered or suicide?
You find yourself in a race with the flash, you have no powers and are completely outmatched by his speed, how do you outsmart him in order to win?
what is the best way to organize your music playlists?
What’s the best kept secret on the internet?
what is something you love about yourself?
Introverts, what are your favorite excuses to not have to go out?
What’s a weird obsession of yours?
Autistic people of reddit, what do you think of "certain people" saying your disorder is the reason for gays and what do you think of people using it for propaganda as?
What’s the dumbest mistake you did during these past few days?
Blind people of Reddit, what techniques/methods/devices are you using to read this?
Can someone tell how to find the video (a tiktok I think) that is a guy ina table talking about the crisis and that is has ended(a year later) but other person tells him "what are you talking about" and then he is alone in the table and a creepy sound starts playing. I need that sound, please.
What’s a better way to rate something than giving it an “X out of 10”?
Redditors. When you use the toilet do you observe it? Observe your poop? Why or why not?
So I have the clip of the song, bit where do I post it to to find the name of it?
Have you ever noticed your pets or any animals display human like behaviour/ emotion/understanding ? What was it they did?
What was the most random thing somebody said to you?
What is something that you can learn fairly well in 3 months of practice?
Redditors, what are your favorite podcasts to listen to?
Would dragons fart fire?
What do you need to get off of your chest right now?
Who is your celebrity crush ?
Midwives of reddit, what did the mother say while in labor that made you crack up laughing?
What's your favorite sport?
How does one outpizza the hut?
What do you know that most people don’t?
What have you discovered about yourself during self-isolation?
[SERIOUS] People Who Have Dead Parents, What Were The First Thoughts You Had?
Why did people think Beanie Babies would appreciate over time?
What does fear look like to you?
Why is Mario Sunshine most hated Mario platformer?
What is your favourite combination of drinks?
Who doesn't deserve to be famous?
What will you do when this police state is over?
Wingmen of Reddit, What's The Farthest You Ever Went For A Bro?
What makes you smile when you're feeling down?
What is an environmental action that seems insignificant, but actually has a huge impact?
What’s your worst landlord experience?
Non-Americans, what questions have you always wanted to ask us, but can't IRL?
How do you make (force) yourself cry?
What is the worst way to die?
Women of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you used to masturbate?
What do you think of Lana's new phone cases?
What have you seen that made you question your sexuality, besides porn?
Do you get allergies or hay-fever and what does it feel like?
Reddit veterans, how has this website affected you?
Doctors of reddit, do you give your cellphone numbers to your patients? Why or why not?
Explorers of reddit, when exploring hunted placed and when using flashlights have you ever thought of using sex shop batteries for them to last longer then normal ones?
Whats something you often exaggerate about yourself?
If opposite day was a real thing, what things would happen?
Somebody has their password in their name what do you do
What’s your weird, recurring dream?
What is one of those things you can believe was popular un the past?
What is the worst and best parts of being an only child?
You wake up in the year 1020, what do you do first?
What is the album of 2020 so far?
Fellow kids of reddit, what do you want to be when you grow up?
If you were to direct a tv series, what would it be about?
What is something you've planned to do long time ago but still haven't done it?
What *won’t* kill you?
What’s your favourite movie scene?
In your opinion, what song on YouTube has one of the hottest music videos?
What made you decide to leave Scientology?
How was meeting an extremely stupid person irl?
On a scale of 1 to 420, how many time do you start typing out a reply on the ole Reddit machine and get tot the end only to delete everything you just said and move on?
If the coronavirus ended tomorrow, what would be the first thing you do?
What kind of little things make you smile?
Explain the whole interstellar movie?
People who became memes, how do you feel about it?
We all know Tic Tac Toe is a terrible game, but it's simplicity makes it popular. What's a good and simple game that's easily played by two people with a pen and pencil?
What’s the scariest thing you have caught on your house security cameras?
Is it likely that the government will use what’s happening right now to pass more restrictive laws in the future similar to what happened after 9/11?
What is the earliest childhood toy you can remember yearning for?
People who pick their nose in public, why eat it?
What was the fist comment that got you gold about?
Why are sunflower seeds, what you want ?
When did "Shit just got real" happen to you?
What has the current global situation ruined for you?
With quarantine keeping everyone inside, what are some creative ways to stay busy without leaving the house?
Hello redditors, I am an international student from Kenya and I am a freshman at Northwestern University. This is my first time being in the US, ask me anything!
People who pick their nose in public, why eat it?
MERMAIDS!? How do they look? Thoughts?? Alright so if mermaids were actually real how do you think they would look like? I doubt they’ll look like we think of sometimes. I’d like to hear everyone’s thoughts. And yes I’m bored as you can tell lol
What exploded for no reason?
How to make an online exam, where students can't copy from each other?
Which US state do you love and why?
Guys of reddit, do you actually care about boob size? Why or why not?
Considering the death toll for this crisis is 3.2 times 9/11 now or 3.9 pearl harbors, how much dead people do you think it will take til Pensilvania ave is occupied Vietnam times like?
yooo reedit what is uppppp lol anyways, what does it say about me if i hate life sober and i hate life being under the influence of anything (drugs/ alcohol) ? Like honestly wtf .
what is the link to ben 10 season 4 episode 5 The Secret of the Omnitrix (Part 1)?
People of reddit, how do you like your food?
If you could NG+ in real life, right now, would you, and what would you do differently, why or why not?
What are some Reddit accounts that are sinister/mysterious and good for investigating?
What was a major plot twist in your life?
Reddit, what was the best feel good story from this past week?
Sexers of Reddit, how do you is the best way to sexily sex in sex sexy?
Plane crash survivors of reddit, what are your story’s? What was the scariest part?
Considering that the death toll for this crisis is 3.2 times 9/11 now or 3.9 pearl harbors, how much dead people do you think it will take until Pensilvania is occupied Vietnam times like?
What would you do when internet was off?
What’s your favorite memory?
Cat girls have cat ears, but now they also have cat tongues! Boys, what makes you still want that lollipop licked?
You're in prison for a month. You know you're going to get beaten to a pul in prison. The prisons strongest man said he would protect you if you become his bitch. Do you agree?
Whats the funniest thing you have seen in urban dictionary?
What is the punchline of your favorite joke?
Ways to do online exams for students, without them copying from each other.
What are some challenges that you think the next generation will face?
Whats the thought that doesn't let you sleep at night?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
If you had to pick one world from any kind of book to live in for the rest of your life, which book's world would you pick?
What's your sfw party trick?
What dinosaur would be the hardest to approach in the wild and jerk off?
What historic quote did really NOT age well?
(serious) Are those boost/ensure nutritional shakes good for you? If not are there any good alternatives?
So how are you doing?
How concerning is it that American companies fall apart within weeks of decreased business?
People who use public restrooms, why can’t you flush the toilet?
How to make money as a kid online?
How’s everyone doing?
If you only had 2 choices for the US president back in 2016, Joe Exotic and Donald Trump, who would you vote for? And why?
What is the most asked thing on askreddit?
What will 2020’s title be in history books?
How was art school? Is it worth it?
Why does pot make you think so deeply about things?
What would you do different if you were not living with your parents?
What's the most fucked up dream you've ever had?
What are some of the worst ever disasters to happen in human history?
If you could hack into any single computer, whose would you choose?
What’s your biggest achievement?
What are some ironically good movies?
What's something useful you can do while in quarantine?
what you did in the past that you're still ashamed of?
[Serious] Karen’s of Reddit, what is one thing the internet blames you of doing that you obviously didn’t do?
If your thoughts randomly started appearing above your head in 'word bubbles', what would the rest of your day look like?
Cat girls have cat ears, but now they also have cat tongues! Boys, do you still want that lollipop licked?
What was the craziest thing you've seen while driving?
What makes you NOT cringe?
What are some countries?
Why is anime so popular around the world?
What is the most embarrassing thing you were ever caught doing (from any time in your life)?
What things DONT makw you cringe?
Military vets of Reddit, did you ever become personally attached to your firearm to the point where it felt difficult to give it up once your service was at its end?
Any good shows to watch on Youtube Premium ?
Who was your celebrity crush as a kid?
What horrible situation at the time eventually produced an amazing outcome?
What songs do you most associate with the Vietnam War?
What’s the most obnoxious repost you see on Reddit?
Is anime trash?
What two normal activities would be really weird if you did them back to back?
What is your "Perfect World?"
How do you deal with self sabotaging behavior?
Any good shows to watch on Youtube Premium ? (Originals)
The world now runs on the video game logic. Whats the first thing you do?
If subreddits were people what would they be like?
People whose works aren't bounded by office hours, do you recommend your work lifestyle? Why or why not?
Former drug addicts of reddit, what helped you come clean?
How have you been personally affected by this global shutdown?
What’s your opinion on travel this year?
People who lived in a dysfunctional home, how did you unf*ck your lives as you grew up?
All Redditors, what is the worst way you’ve been embarrassed in front of your crush?
If subreddits were people what would he/she be like?
[Nsfw] Only hand jobs for the rest of your life or sex for the next ten years as your sexual experiences? Which would you choose and why?
People of reddit, what's your story about a road trip that went horribly wrong?
Whenever someone sneezes, do you say bless you or blesh you?
What old youtuber suddenly disappear?
What is the funniest movie of all time?
What gets you excited about life?
What's the hardest thing to deal with when dating?
What are the Best Laptops Under $1000?
What are you looking forward to (or dreading) this week?
Who are some unsung heroes in the real world?
What’s a weird superstition that you actually believe in?
What is something you've always wanted to do but never had the guts to do it?
How do you learn the beauty of coding and then dive into it?
What is a unique talent that you have that not many others can do or know about?
If you could travel back in time and predict a recent event that happened that would make you famous like Nostradamus back then, what would it be?
What’s a fetish everyone likes but you hate?
What character from a work of fiction do you believe is a horrible/unpleasant person in a way that the creator(s) probably didn't intend?
What movie is so perfect to you that the thought of a remake/reboot is absolutely horrifying?
Why US citizens call themselves Americans?
What is your favorite dish to cook?
With the world being as divided as it is, what’s something that everyone could agree on?
What sequel is literally the exact same as the first one?
For Redditors who were civil (in disagreements)/stood up for their enemy, why did you have their back?
Those that were laid off recently, what industry were you in?
What did you do when you realized “Maybe I’m just sh!tty at being an employee”?
What secret will you never tell anyone?
What are some original shower thoughts you've had that got rejected from the original sub?
How do you make a watch tower using only sticks and logic?
How to become more emotionally intelligent?
Redditors, what is the cutest thing you have heard a child say/ask?
How to have a perfectly safe unprotected sex?
What are the things that make you feel good ?
Whats the most heartbreaking story you've ever heard from a friend or a love one?
Who has experience or witnessed from accidents?
Black people of reddit, why is the word nigga still used?
If you use the area of a circle, why are we getting more pizza off of an 18” pizza than two 12” pizzas?
Why does ask reddit suck ass?
What is something you’ve always wanted to say to someone but never have? Respond like your talking to them.
Does anybody else ever rub their eyes and not fell it until like 3 seconds later
If you were able to choose your significant other's occupation, what would it be?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What makes you happy?
If you could have one do over in life what would it be?
Those of you who have had sex with animals or watch people have sex with animals , what lead you to do so? [serious]
People of reddit, what's your story about a road trip that went horribly wrong?
You can kill one person and not arrested for it. You can also choose how they die. Who do you kill and how?
What did you do when you come to the realization of “Maybe I’m just sh!tty at being an employee”?
Why does reddit suck elephant weener?
What movies are better than the work(s) they're based on?
You are literally the most wanted person in the entire world, police departments all across the globe are on constant lookout for you and militarys are always patrolling the streets, waters, and skys, civilians will rat you out if they spot you, and you cant hide underground, what do you do?
What's one smell you vividly remember but will never smell again?
Youtubers of Reddit, does anybody else find it weird when someone leaves a positive comment on an old video that you don’t like?
You wake up, it’s 2065, what do you google first?
Nurses of reddit what is the worst patient experience you have ever had?
What were you thinking when you got your first bj?
Extroverts of Reddit: how are you keeping yourself busy right now?
What article of clothing does your friend(s) think they pull off but don’t, and what does it look like?
If you use the area of a circle, are you getting more pizza off of an 18” pizza or two 12” pizzas?
People new to reddit, what do you want to know, but are too afraid to ask?
If you could only listen to one music genre the rest of your life what would you pick?
Which of the US States should be kicked out and why should it be Minnesota?
What would justify killing someone? [Serious]
There is an opening for the 8th wonder of the world and it has to be a person. Who claims this spot for you?
You can always tell when a couple shouldn't be together. How can you tell if one of them is actually into you instead?
Is it bad to say Tyrone is a black name? Why?
Have you ever met someone who doesn’t know they are attractive/hot?
What is the biggest difference between your favorite expensive food and it’s much cheaper Version ie ramen from a restaurant and instant ramen?
People still working, what do you do and how is your job handling the outbreak?
People who work jobs that involves dealing with a lot of high profile celebrities. Which celebrities are nice and which ones are not?
People new to reddit, what do you want to now, but are too afraid to ask?
[Serious] Extroverts of Reddit: how are you surviving this quarantine?
What is the thing you are 100% right about?
What is a feature that is inarguably hot, regardless of gender?
What is the big blue thing near the North American pole of inaccessibility? Is it a marker of the pole or just a water tower?
Star Wars fans, what are your thoughts on the sequel trilogy, as a whole and/or on each movie?
Who is the best Beatle to you, why, and what song of theirs is your favourite?
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What are humans good at?
Once the COVID pandemic is over, what is the first public place you will go to?
Who is the best Beatle to you, why, and what song if theirs is your favourite?
What was the most upvoted/liked post/comment you made?
Men of Reddit, how do you sleep at night knowing you could twist your balls up?
what’s keeping you awake?
What do you guys wanna be when you give up?
How are Dot-to-Dots made?
Military guards of Reddit: how do you maintain focus, alertness and concentration over an extended period of time without getting bored or losing your attention span?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?
If you could do anything you wanted free of charge for 24 hours right now, what would you do?
What will be some best selling nonfiction title 10 years from now?
You get a portal gun for one day, what do you do?
What was the best thing a teacher has done for you?
Redditors who have lived in a haunted house: What was the creepiest thing that ever happened to you while living there?
(Wrong answers only) What's Reddit for?
What was your high school experience like?
Why do gypsies steal instead of work?
What was the first anime you saw?
Men with beards, why do you keep them?
You can go back or forward in time once then return, what do you do?
What hill are you willing to die on defending?
What piece of advice have you gotten from your father that you appreciate today?
What is appropriate to masturbate to? [Serious]
What makes tricycles less popular than bicycles?
You have this button every time you press it you go back in time 5 seconds but you cant us it again until those 5 seconds have passed, if you use it before then you get turned into a lump of mince meat, what do you do?
Who would be the most intellectually scary person to ask what they are thinking?
We all have our own definition of beauty, what is yours?
Where does FIFA20 and 2k20 rank compared to previous games?
what should be included in a birds and bees talk for a ten year old girl?
You go back in time and have the ability to create any sequel to a game. What do you create?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What are some things that all men should be able to do?
What is an English word that contains every letter in the alphabet in it?
What is the meaning of life for you?
What have all of you been doing with your new free time?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
How will humans as a species go extinct?
Which is the movie which changed your life in a positive or a negative way?
What is something that few people recover from?
For the people who don’t like Grateful Dead, please elaborate why?
People of Reddit, it's Purge time. Everything is legal for 24 hours. Besides murdering, what one thing would your parents scold you for doing after it's over?
What is a really good short poem that fucked with your mind?
From now on, your cum will be contain elephant sperm if the letter "e" is used an odd number of times in the Wall Street Journal that day. What is your work around for this?
Since the class of 2020 can't graduate in person where are they going to graduate?
What are you do!ng tomorrow since we’re in quarant!nE?
If girls had dicks, which girl that you know would have the biggest dick?
How were you wronged on Reddit?
What is it like to have a woman send you nudes?
What's the hardest trivia question you can think of?
When was a moment you thought you did something cool but everyone else was shocked?
What should be included in a birds and the bees talk for a 10 year old? I'm her sister.
How to play xbox 360 games -for example Sims 3- in Windows 7?
What was a point in your life where you messed up so badly you thought your life was over? How did it turn out?
Why are Aries such a hated sign?
People of reddit whos your favorite youtuber?
Why are you still up if you know tomorrow is Monday?
What’s the last thing you laughed out loud at?
What's something, that if lasted just a little bit longer, would be amazing?
From now on, all instances of people cumming will be made of elephant sperm if the letter "e" is used an odd number of times in the Wall Street Journal that day. What is your work around for this?
What is your favorite Reddit post of all time ?
hello yes i’m a lonely ass thirteen year old imbecile in need of gf anyone know a good app or site for this?
Gamers of Reddit, what is a game that you played when you were younger and just replayed?
What feeling is comparable to accidentally swallowing an ice cube?
What’s something you usually leave in your car overnight that you shouldn’t?
Extras in movies, is there anything you noticed that's particular to the leading role actors?
As for the turntables, what is something completely normal to do during night but scary af during daytime?
What is an opinion that you deeply believe in, based off of just one personal experience you’ve had?
Fellow Redditors, what system can replace the Karma system of Reddit?
What is the best way to introduce a person in reddit?
What did you blow through quickly?
What will be some best seller titles on covid19 10 years from now?
What celebrity seems like an asshole in real life but is actually pretty nice?
What’s the dumbest law you’ve heard of?
Girls became guys, and guys became girls. What's the first thing you'll do when you know it happened?
Redditors, do you take baths? Why or why not?
If Reddit were a person, who would he or she act like?
What would happen if there was a war with China right now?
How many parents have attempted to cut their kids’ hair while the barber shops are closed, and how did it turn out?
What's the one thing you found out about people you thought you've known your whole life?
What’s something from your childhood that helped you through it and you’ll always remember?
What is your favorite inspirational/positivity subreddit?
Where did you lose your virginity👀?
We know shrek is hot, but what’s everyone’s opinions on donkey?
What is your parents dumbest conspiracy theory?
How do you cope with burn out?
What’s the best, most amazing way you would like to be proposed to?
how long did your LDR last and was the distance the reason for the breakup??
If you were given $300 cash on the condition that you would “treat yourself,” what would you buy?
If you could force your entire country to watch one video, which video would it be and why?
A random person gets a popular persons twitter account, what’s the most chaos they can cause in 24 hours?
What song are you obsessed with right now?
Have you ever had trouble finding someone you love just as much as the perfect person who you blew it with?
will a 240mm aio be enough to cool a i9-9900kf clocked to 4.2GHz?
What biological scientific breakthrough would change humanity forever?
Where did you lose your virginity?👀
Who is your celebrity crush currently?
Guys, how often do you choke your tootsie roll?
If you were a celebrity, what would you be cancelled for?
My friend gave me their twitter account, what’s the most chaos I can cause in 24 hours?
What is something that isn't getting enough media attention?
What are some good movie suggestions?
What would happen if a cockroach ate weed?
Does anyone else here cringe when they come across a tik tok? Why or why not?
What are some good movie suggestions to watch over the quarantine?
Gamers of Reddit, What high score you are proud of?
College professors of Reddit, what was the craziest reason you had to fail a student?
Looking for insight in the film industry. What books are similar to “Sleepless in Hollywood” and “The Big Picture”?
What is a stupid but actually true fact?
Who is the nicest celebrity you have met?
Can you tell which video was taken down on your watch later list on YouTube l?
What kind of drugs have you used in your lifetime and how much?
People of reddit who have refused a drink from someone at a bar, did you ever changed your mind after based on their response?
Is it normal if a girlfriend calls you dada?
What is the status of Betty White?
Would it be rude to ask your chiropractor friend to crack your back?
What is the one food you eat weirdly and how do you eat it?
If you (and only you) were forced to say anything you think for the next 24 hours, how would your life differ in the aftermath?
What does it mean to love someone?
What is the strangest coincidence that you still can’t explain?
What’s your ideal place to lose your virginity?
What is the craziest/funniest thing you’ve done while you were high?
What class should be mandatory to take in school?
For people who have reasonable info or knowledge on the matter, how long until we can expect public schools to start operating again?
What is something that you managed to get away with, but you know you shouldn't have?
What's something, that if lasted just a little bit longer, would be amazing.
What is it about you that makes you weird?
How do I get out of the habit of touching, picking my nose?
What is the status on Betty White?!
What was the worst tasting food you've eaten, but had to act like it was delicious only because a loved one made it?
What did you do when you were a child that makes you cringe?
What’s something you’re proud of but can’t tell anybody you know?
As there are infinities fetishisms there are infinite addictions, as ther are infinite addictions there are disractions; any addiction can cause health problem, malurishment, lack of hygiene, loss of teeth, the internet is why you are losing your teeth; are you 34?
What’s the purpose of marriage?
Does anyone know the status on Betty White?!
Airplane crash survivors of reddit, what are your story’s?
What’s your definition of the perfect family?
Gamers, what is the biggest dose of karma you have ever seen in-game?
What is an exception to something you dont like/hate?
What are two things that logically should go together but don’t really work?
How do you deal with nitpicky people on Reddit?
How would (in your opinion) an alien react to the current state of our planet/species?
Guys of Reddit, what’s your best advice for teenage girls?
Would you rather have shrek as a human or an ogre?
What's the most depressing thing you can think of?
What has made you realize humanity is stupid?
Governments collapse and laws are no longer a thing, what's the first thing you do?
What do deaf/ blind people do for work?
Who, what, when, where, why, and how?
Does anyone know good rock or metal anti establishment and protest songs.
What is the Strangest coincidence that you still can’t explain?
What was the worst tasting food you had to eat and act like it was delicious because loved one made it?
What was growing up in a small town like?
So you guys like the Shawshank Redemption book or movie more? Why?
Which trait from animals/insects could humans learn from to better themselves as a whole/community?
Have you ever had a post on social media go viral and if so, what was it?
Who was the one that got away and what happened?
Jesus Christ why are you such a f****** Downer?
What fictional character do you relate to most?
What is something poor people do that keeps them poor?
College seniors, how are you dealing with your senior year being cancelled?
How much can strippers make a year?
What's your favorite dog?
Whats your general feedback on Tiger King?
Who can cure us in present situation?
Why does anything exist?
Honest question: when making a PB&amp;J what do you put on first? Peanut Butter or Jelly?
What's a thing that you can't believe exists?
Is Tiger King worth watching?
What’s your most embarrassing sex story?
My friend gave me her twitter account to share, what is the most chaos I can cause within 24 hours?
How it's the real life behind Instagram cool people profiles?
What are the best life hacks you know?
Truckers of Reddit, what’s the worst place you’ve had to drive through?
What skill will you try to improve or acquire while we are all at home?
What would you ask reddit?
Since some men like to watch lesbian porn, do some women watch gay porn?
If murder was legal then what would you murder someone for?
What feeling are you struggling with the most right now?
What is the first thing you will do when the shutdown ends?
[Serious] Would you feel weirded out if your coworker kept commenting on your attractiveness (you have pretty voice, nice hair etc.) as just normal conversation, why or why not?
What’s a specific time a politician has “taken” a position on something just because they knew it’s what the public wanted to hear?
Whats the best language learning app and why?
You are a sarcastic jerk who recently became ruler if the world. You can also cause everyone in the world to believe your next statement in its most literal form. What stupid, absurd, or ridiculous nonsense do you make everyone believe?
Those with mental health diagnoses - what was obtaining ‘a label’ like for you and how could it be made better?
Seriously tho, who let the dogs out?
What's one thing you've learned today that you didn't know about before?
What’s not supposed to be scary but is?
Grocery store workers and other essential workers, what is it like to have to go to work right now?
When was there a time where your ego got the best of you?
People who married there high school sweetheart, what made the relationship last?
What sentence, any sentence you’ve ever said, would you take back if you had the chance?
Redditors, what’s the biggest lie you’ve told online? (Serious)
What if a Vampire bites a Zombie?
What is a word that sounds dirty but actually isn’t?
Tough times tend to make or break relationships. Do you feel that COVID-19 has brought you closer to the people you live with, or has it caused a strain? Why?
What is your most messed up Sims 4 game?
What movie quote would be 100x better if it was followed by "That's what she said"?
Redditors who are in the law enforcement, what's the strangest/creepiest thing you've seen on duty?
What is something on your bucket list that you think is probably not on other people’s lists?
How to get more scam emails?
What do you wish for when you see a shooting star? Have you had a wish come true?
What is the most well written song ever?
People of Reddit,What's the strangest thing you have Read in The Reddit Comment Section?
What are some of the worst rebranding/redesigning of products that you have ever seen?
When was the last time you call up the radio station and what was it for?
What makes you want to stick around in a relationship once you and your partner start to barely ever have sex ?
Who else usually cheer for villains in cartoons,and don't like the heros at times?
Redditors, let's say that there are scientific breakthroughs in DNA testing that can now biologically predict who is more likely to commit a serious crime. Should the higher-risk individuals be jailed or killed before they are able to commit a crime? Why or why not?
What's the most masochistic habit you didn't even realize you have until you start thinking about it?
What are things that are considered rude for seemingly no reason?
Humans of Reddit. How would you react if aliens contacted Earth but had no means of getting here
What's the most fun thing you've done in the last month?
Where do you mastrubate?
What are some ways to get reddit karma?
If you were to have sex with a cow,what would the baby look like?
What is flying under the radar and not being covered right now? (patents, privacy, laws, etc) let us know?
Guys of Reddit, what’s the scariest/creepiest experience you’ve had with a girl?
Whats the first word that came to your mind when you read this post?
Redditors, what is the most amazing thing you've seen in the sky?
What are some annoying things that exist?
You just realise Reddit doesn’t exist anymore. What would be the next place you go to for entertainment?
People who knew about a famous rapper before they went big, what were they like?
Tyrone is an Irish name, but it's coded to be a Black name. The Banjo came from Africa, but now it's coded as a White thing. What are some things that have since lost their original meaning?
If you can do anything you want right now what would you do ??
Who else has a fever?
What does it feel like to have a girlfriend/boyfriend?
Aside from the obvious, what are the worst and best parts about this isolation?
What’s your favourite conspiracy theory?
What is the dumbest reason you've heard of that, An Empire, Kingdom or a Country had gone to war for, That caused hundreds if not thousands of soldier/civilians to lose their lives.
People who have had a loved one die during this Coronavirus outbreak (even if it’s not related to the virus) , how will you celebrate their life since you can’t have funerals during this time ?
How is April 2020's full moon treating ya?
Why do you love North Korea and its glorious leadership?
Lawyers, what is the most funny, weird and/or ridiculous evidence that you HAD to see and present it to the court?
What’s your go to hot sauce and what food do you like it with the most?
What are some things that you love about yourself?
ok so this is not a very usual question to ask but, is it worth dating a girl who’s obsessed with barbie movies? why?
What are some ridiculous "manly" products you have found?
What’s the dumbest joke you heard?
Why is Reddit so horny at night?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Redditors who have fucked their friends Mom/Dad, what happend and how did it affect your relationship with your friend?
What is your favorite WRPG?
What is something normal for a lot of people but embarrassing for you?
Gamers of Reddit, which game did you play so much that you eventually got sick of ?
Military personnel of reddit who came back to their family after years, what was the biggest mess you came back to?
ok so I know this is not a very usual question to ask but, is it worth dating a girl who’s obsessed with barbie movies? why?
What is one thing you were really excited about, but when you saw it, it was a complete let-down?
Why do you think OJ was aquitted?
Adults of Reddit, what problem or situation did TV/movies make you think would be common in your life, but when you grew up you found it wasn't?
What don't you realize you do over and over again?
When and what was your first sexual experience?
what was the scariest moment in your life?
What would our ancestors think of us now?
What is the reason why you did what you did in the past?
What fear will you always have?
What are the most unfunny subreddits right now?
Is it bad to say a name it a black name? Why?
If you could add a national holiday to the calendar, when would it be, and what would it be about?
What's your favorite tv show?
D&amp;D players of reddit, when did rolling a nat 20 end up being a disaster?
What's a good hobby to learn while stuck in lockdown?
What's your all-time favorite Reddit thread?
What is the strangest and tastiest thing you have consumed from a can?
What language do you speak or you wished that you could speak?
What is the configure proxy option under WiFi’s settings?
What do you think about full-time unpaid Internships that last for 6 months?
When do you suppose we’ll run out of questions on here?
What are ways that one can get rid of relationship and social anxiety due to past experiences?
What would be the most extravagant way to spend $10,000 on fast food if you couldn't buy food for anyone but yourself?
What makes you really happy?
Why is gay used as an insult?
Is it normal that my girlfriend likes to call me dada?
What’s something you’ll never understand unless you experience it firsthand?
Why?
What’s an engaging YouTube/podcast that you can listen to while doing busy work?
What’s the #1 gamer national anthem?
What was the least eventful year in modern history?
How could one god attack another god?
what's the weirdest dream you ever had?
How are everyone's pets reacting to the influx of time you are spending time at home?
People of Reddit, what is your absolute fav song in your native language?
Who are 3 historical figures you’d like to blaze it with on 4/20?
What's saved your life?
What happened to Kony2012?
-to all the doctors out there- what is the strangest thing a patient has said??
What was your biggest misunderstanding?
If you could travel back into a different decade and live your life from there, what decade would it be and why?
What’s the stupidest thing you believed as a child?
People of reddit, how was your first kiss?
What food can you not live without?
Whats the most food you have ever eatin in one sitting?
People of Reddit, why are you gay?
What is the line between discipline and abuse?
What's your most popular/best comment out of context?
Extroverts who were once an introvert, how did you manage to change that?
Who was the one kid from high school you'll never forget, and why?
How do you cook an egg without breaking the yolk?
What is your favorite subreddit that no one knows about?
For no reason, a 20 year old man comes up to you and says "What's your favorite color of the alphabet. One, two or three?" What is your initial reaction?
Have your actions gotten someone else fired? If so, what's the story behind it?
What was the worst punishment for you from your parents?
BOUNCY women, do you like being BOUNCY? Why or why not?
You are on the FBI'S top 5 most wanted list, your job is to avoid capture for one whole year to win $10,000,000, what do you do?
What happened when you get stuck into someone’s pussy/anus?
[Serious] What do you recommend whenever interacting with a crush?
Dating people of reddit, so many people talk about red flags on dating profiles but what's the best "green flag" you have seen?
What's one thing you wish you could tell your 13 year old self?
What’s your quarantine hobby?
What's your favourite book?
What things should actually make you cringe, but doesn't?
What is the worst voice acting you've heard in a movie/video game/cartoon?
How lazy are females?
How has your life been since you quit eating sweets ?
.jp=japan, .co=who?
What is the biggest waste of human potential?
What’s the cheesiest Pick-up line you’ve heard/told ?
What productive/positive things have you accomplished at home since, by default, being home more often?
What song title represents your political views?
Dear simps, how did u meet the person ur simping for?
Dear step parents of reddit, what are some of your experiences sense becoming a step parent and how has it effected your life?
You’re only allowed to use one typeface for the rest of your life. Which typeface do you choose?
Guys, what do girls do that make you REALLY horny?
[Serious] Americans who do not support raising the federal minimum wage, what is your reasoning?
SPORTS
What's your daily routine nowadays?
Let’s put all the negativity aside. What is something you like about yourself ?
What's your experience with someone crushing/flirting with you but you don't mention your spouse?
What makes a good enough post to get a lot of upvotes
you cant use any defining moments, characters, actors or actresses, and absolutely no spoilers. What's your favorite movie?
What's the most unexpectable thing you've recieved in the mail, that you either got from someone in the mail, or got instead of what you ordered?
When was a time you realized you or someone else took something way to far?
People with parents of average intelligence, what’s the most abnormally stupid thing they have said or believed?
Which mean of transportation you enjoy (not talking about convenience) the most ? Train or airplane and why ?
Students of Reddit, do you enjoy online schooling? Why or why not?
What will happen when the University archaeologists present their evidence that "Loseronius" was the first name for the god later known as "Jehovah"?
What has been the great useless favor asked of you by a stranger?
For those in healthcare, how are you relieving stress?
Police Officers of reddit, what was the dumbest criminal you've ever caught?
[Serious] Redditor’s that have been shot with a gun and survived what happened? What was it like?
What’s the strangest movie/show you’ve ever watched?
In the spirit of The Shawshank Redemption: What would you play over a prison intercom for everybody to hear?
What will the world be like when there are no more poor or dangerous countries and every country has the same minimum standard of living?
How do you prepare/eat leftover pizza?
What is the life? Has sense or not? Why does it exist?
What odd thing do you do to get to sleep fast?
How to make a political community popular yet polished?
What’s the most normal illegal thing?
If you could choose any historical figure to knee in the groing (besides Hitler) who would it be?
[Serious] Redditors who are financially free, where and how did you learn your investing skills?
[Serious] How do you handle the pain of rejection without constantly texting, even after they've asked you to stop?
Why is sub anime better than dub for some people?
Nobody actually believes in absolute freedom of speech. What are some things you believe are okay to censor?
How does one get to Sesame Street?
What is the cringiest thing that you have posted on the internet?
Influencers, what is the worst thing a fan has done for/to you? What is the most obsessed a fan has been with you?
What is the cringiest internet meme?
How did you get that scar?
What is something you pretend to hate but secretly like?
[Serious] What is the best advice to give to someone who is insecure about themselves?
What do you think you'll look like coming out of quarantine?
What's the best post you seen on reddit?
If you could tell your future significant other one thing right now before you met them, what would it be and why?
Guys of Reddit, what factors determine whether you want a serious relationship or just a hookup with a girl?
What would you have said to yourself 10 years ago?
Redditors who went to summer camp, what are your horror stories?
Redditors of reddit what is the closest you have ever come to intentionally or unintentionally killing someone?
What is a funny fear you have?
Who is this blogger? Lifebysamanthabradshaw.weebly.com I discovered her yesterday
What's the best post you seen on reddit
What's a great way of lightening the mood in a funeral?
What are some good games to play on pc?
Redditors who are financially free, where and how did you learn your investing skills?
What’s the worst thing someone did to you? And would you do it back?
Essential workers of reddit, what are some uplifting or disheartening stories you have from working when most people are at home?
Smokers of Reddit, what do cigarettes taste like?
Serious: What is the best thing to tell someone who is insecure?
Who would win in a fight, Rigby or Barnacle boy?
Without saying its name, what is your favorite color?
If you had to travel back to one date within 5 years of today, which one would it be and why?
Need help finding movie/tv show from memory of one scene: white male smokes weed with a black male. They both go to class and realize the teacher has one really small arm and can't stop chuckling about it. Teacher asks what's wrong and he says "one of your arms are humongous" everyone laughs. Help?
what are some career options for someone that enjoys chemistry?
Who would win in a fight: Rigby or Barnacle Boy? Explain why.
What human acts considered as usual today would seem totally crazy to do in 20 years?
What're your thoughts about other social media platforms besides Reddit and YouTube?
What's the next tiger thing that's going to happen?
What the hell happened to five nights at freddy’s?
How old were you when you first went to therapy?
In what ways is society fucked up?
In a fictional massive gladiator arena, where you can use 3 weapons from any game, tv show or movie for fight against others, what would it be those objects?
People that live alone and are under stay at home or stay in place orders, what has your experience been like and how has it compared to your expectations?
What industry is completely unaffected right now?
How bad has this year ACTUALLY been for you?
Life just got patched. What's in the changelog?
Whats grinds your gears?
Police officers/doctors/nurses of reddit, what was the stupidest reason someone skipped quarantine during the COVID 19 pandemic? How did they end up?
If Reddit wasn't called Reddit, what would it be called?
What was your favorite fad?
How would you explain each color to a blind person?
What’s a class in college that literally bored you to death ?
What’s the most noteworthy interaction you’ve had online with a stranger?
[Serious] Redditors that bought a used car on Craigslist? Was it worth it? Why or why not?
What is the best way to turn down someone?
Parents of Reddit - how crazy are your kids under quarantine?
Is there any force on this earth that could stop Jack Bauer from kicking ass and taking names? How/why?
What’s your favorite thing to do to keep your occupied during these hard times?
How do you Reddit People respond to "Lol, lmao, haha, or laughing emojis?
What is your most embarrassing story?
Are a lot people being too soft, weak-willed, easily offended/sensitive, etc. In our current time (21st Century). Is it true? Why or why not?
If you could go back in time and pause time on a specific moment for a few minutes, just to relive the moment one more time, where would you go?
People of reddit what's your favorite meme?
What boosts your morale?
What are you worried most about going into this week?
What job did you do/still do that you thought would be exciting but once you started you realised there are some really shit parts that you didn’t expect?
People who were known as the smart kid in school, what are you up to now?
How’s your virtual learning experience going on so far?
You have a time machine, you travel back in time, what time do you choose to go and who do you want to find?
What’s your favorite show right now?
Is it possible to buy bees to eat? And if so where can you get them?
what’s a song that you love to listen to, but emotionally hurts to hear at the same time? what does it represent for you and why does it impact you?
[Serious] How does one know if they are racist, even if they don't think they are or realize they are?
What is your favorite Donald Trump quote?
What's something you've bought secondhand that others look down on?
The news alerts everyone that a sudden mafia has been in your area, what is the first thing you do?
Do you think the human race will ever obtain enough knowledge to disprove the belief in higher powers? If so, why?
How would you want to die? And why would you want to die that way?
If you could choose any time period and any place to time travel, where/what year would you go to and what would you say when you first made contact with someone?
What’s a tv show you often find yourself quoting?
What's a movie to watch when you want a good cry?
What’s your favorite episode/moment of The Office?
Animals can talk. What will be the first thing your pet will say to you ?
Doctors of Reddit, what is something the public can do to support medical workers during the crisis?
Police officers of reddit, what was the most stupidest way someone has tried to skip quarantine during the COVID 19 pandemic?
What sweet things do you tell yourself to feel better? (serious)
Extroverts,how are you coping with the situation?
If when we die, we are shown a leaderboard of every thing we’ve done and how many times, what would be your most interesting stat?
How do you quickly get 5 karma required to post a question on a financial advice subreddit?
If Celebrity Deathmatch came back today, what fight would you want to see happen?
Exchange students what was something about american schools that shocked you?
Doctors of Reddit, what is something the public can do to support medical workers during the Coronavirus Pandemic?
In 40 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
What’s a weird thing about you that your significant other finds attractive?
Reddit, what are some good ways of building up enough karma to post in certain subreddits?
What is a food/food combo that you like but nobody understands?
When do you think this quarantine will be over?
Chocolate lovers, out of these 3 candy candy bars, Twix, KitKat and Snickers, which one would you miss the least?
People who hoarded groceries, how has eating 50 of the same canned and boxed items in row been?
If somebody were to look in your bedroom closet right now, what would they be surprised to find?
You are tasked to create a world for four different species what kind of problems might occur?
NSFW question! What is one thing that turns you on that you never thought would?
What moment in your life makes you the most proud of yourself?
How many gay men do you consecutively fucking each other in the ass so that a continuous circle of fucking gay men is created?
Reddit What Are Some Cool Placebo Effect Stories?
When did you first poop in front of your significant other/ spouse?
What is your dream Saturday morning cartoon line up?
What are you doing now?
Out of all movie villains, which one has the most creepy laugh in your opinion?
What things REALLY make you cringe? .... Please Be Honest
Dear Reddit have you ever had a radical change in your nature if so how?
Okay Reddit, what is the most heated yet least important argument you have had since shelter in place began?
As of today you can only play one game for the rest of your life. You can still modify that same game as you want unlimitedly. Which game do you choose and why?
What random app is fun/useful to download that you think more people should know about?
What is something, no matter how hard you tried, you can’t beat your friend or family member at?
Canadians of Reddit, what is a stereotype you have heard about your country, town or anything?
What was something you saw that you weren’t supposed to see?
What terrifies you as a child yet intrigues you as an adult?
What's the best instant karma you've personally seen or experienced?
Lets settle the age old debate, does pineapple belong on pizza?
What movie scene do you wish you could see for the first time again?
People who are currently doing online dating (Tinder, OKC, Bumble, Grindr, POF, etc), how's it goin since y'all can't meet up right now?
Why is seal clubbing considered barbaric and inhumane but things like killing livestock for meat and other reasons isn’t?
What is your favorite thing that you've ever eaten, outside of your home country?
I’ve been thinking about the quote “Life isn’t worth living until you’ve found something worth dying for”. What are y’all willing to die for?
What is the biggest loophole you have found in a system?
What off-brand item is as good if not better than name-brand stuff?
What do you favorite pair of socks look like?
What is something false portrayed by memes?
Employees of reddit, What are the things you DISLIKE about customers or job traits?
What's the most creative way you've seen someone come out of the closet?
What is a moment in your life that was a 1 in 10000 chance and no one would believe you if you told them?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever seen on Reddit?
Giraffes of Reddit, what's it like up there?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done that you know other people saw?
what are your views on India and Indians?
Are there any studies conducted which tells us about a person by seeing their social media posts?
Smelling Neighbor - What to do?
What is the best documentary you ever watched?
How many times in a month do you open your windows and for how long?
Girls of reddit, even in strangers what is the biggest turn on in a man?
Which TV Character do you think would have the worst Body Odor?
Who just wants something...anything...to be fucking normal???
Your gender is switched what is the 2nd thing you do?
US Based Golfers, What is Your Go To Online Store?
What made you realize the real world is nothing like how the movies portray it to be?
What movie would have been most ridiculous if Nicolas Cage played the leading male?
What do you wish would be adapted into a TV show?
How are you doing today Reddit?
What would you think if someone started acting weird and secretive and constantly locked themselves in the bathroom?
How do you mastrubate?
You wake up in year 3000 what do you google first?
What is something you take for granted and should appreciate more?
I’ve been thinking about the quote “Life isn’t worth living until you’ve found something worth dying for”. What are y’all willing to die for?
What was the stupidest reason why you got suspended/detention in school?
What is something you’ve always wanted to learn more about, but never had the time for?
If anime were banned on Earth, which of the 7 other Solar Planets would you move to and why?
Germaphobes of reddit - How are you doing right now?
Call of duty Zombies players, What map is your favorite? Why? What qualities makes that nap so good?
Call of duty Zombies players, What map is your favorite? Why? What qualities makes that nap so good?
What really ticks you off?
What is something you always wanted to do, but could never do?
What are your thoughts on event 201, do you think all of this was planned?
Without looking at the time or outside, would you know how long you’d slept?
What is the worst or most dangerous factory defect you've seen in a product you purchased? [Serious]
Are actors people? In a lot of commercials they say "these are real people not actors". Which implies actors are not people, are actors aliens?
Is it possible to buy bees to eat?
What is the best "compliment" you ever received?
Im lose in life. Help!
What are some of the best things to take of advantage of right now and why?
What was your latest argument with your SO about?
What has broken you mentally &amp; how did it shape you?
Call of duty Zombies players, What map is your favorite? Why?
Women who dated very successful men: how did your relationship end and what do you miss the most about it?
What’s a food combination you like, but everyone else looks down on you for?
What’s your favorite bicycle-related memory?
You wake up one day and it's tomorrow. What do you do?
If the Guinness book of world records opened up to niche new records, what's your world record your submitting?
Essential Workers of Reddit: What is your job and do you feel or think of yourself as an "Essential Worker" or "Sacraficial Worker"?
As of today, if you could be any mutant/altered human (X-Men, Ninja Turtles, etc...) would you be and why?
What is something you like/enjoy that most people don’t?
What is your celebrity crush?
If you could choose one song to remove from existence (it would be as if it was never released), which would it be, and why?
FINDING A VIDEO.Hi everyone,i'm very sorry if my post is not very polite..This video is called "The Battle at the Underground",in the video there's a group and a woman.The woman took out a pencil and hit her menstruation,then the woman started to attack the group and chase them,the video ends.
When do you think this will be over?
What is a term used to describe someone who assumes all individuals within a group, race, or country are the same?
Doctors of reddit, what is something that you always see people doing in their routine that is bad for them but they don’t know?
What is a moment in your life that felt one in a million and no one would believe you if you told them? [serious]
Glitchtale, SMG4, and every other fanfiction media known to man, becomes real overnight along with it's rules. What would you do?
What is the most tragic thing you have seen in your own life?
How does one do pushups with their penis?
What’s one thing you would pay for ?
What’s the most unhygienic thing you do?
Asian kids that parents boasted about, where are you now?
What’s the worst way to find out you are adopted?
What’s a story that you’ve been waiting for the perfect AskReddit to tell?
FOSTER PARENTS, FOSTER KIDS OR SOCIAL WORKERS, what is the process of biological home to foster house? [serious]
If you were forced to make a Brony-themed presentation for a school project, how would you make it not cringy?
If someone were to write a book about your life, what parts of your life would you hope they kept in?
What is your favorite movie of all time, and why?
People who survived Covid-19, what happened afterward?
imagine when memes arent randomly generated
Redditors who have cheated on your SO, why did you cheat instead of first breaking up then start a new relationship with the other person?
Non-Virgins of Reddit, what's your crazy or bad story of how it went?
[Serious] Do people not realize Mardi Gras ended February 25th?
You get to decide what happens after people die, what do you decide to make the afterlife?
Straight male Redditors, if you could get the best blow job ever, but it was from a guy, would you do it?
What do you think “future us” will be better prepared if THIS happens again?
Security firm managers and museum curators of Reddit, how often does art actually get stolen?
What’s your “...and I never even knew their name” story?
How should a birthday be celebrated during isolation?
Folks of reddit who are staying home, self-quarantining, what new and unexpected hobbies and skills have you picked up?
The roles of men and women are flipped, what's something you excited to try out?
What is the funniest way you have seen someone fail?
You know every language in current use and know how to simulate all of the dialects and special letters. What would you first do with this power?
What’s the weirdest thing you have seen in public?
Asexuals of Reddit, what is your favorite front to write 'A' in?
What’s the most unlikeliest term of events to happen to you?
What is a moment in you life that felt one in a million no one would believe? [serious]
People who have spent money on in-app purchases, how did you cave?
Dungeons &amp; Dragons players of Reddit, what was the worst possible time to have rolled a Nat 20?
What’s the worst thing you’ve seen on Reddit?
When do you guys think the beer virus will be gone? ( said beer because I was too lazy to post to another community).
What is a good bar name?
[Serious] To those who are not longer afraid to die: what event/realization got you to this point?
How Does Paper Beat Rock??
Do you consider your boyfriend/husband liking an instagram models photos cheating? Why or why not?
What incredibly common thing have you never done?
What are some things you like that nobody else does?
What's on your mind?
FOSTER PARENTS, FOSTER KIDS OR SOCIAL WORKERS, what is the process of biological home to foster house?
If THIS were to happen in the future, would you think “future us” will be better prepared?
What is your best/worst Acid or shrooms experience? What advice would you give an acid first timer?
What is the best thing that happened to you in the past weekend?
If someone feels irredeemably guilty about their existence, what resources would you refer them to and why?
[Serious] Hotel workers who are essential, what things have been going on in your hotel lately?
To those who work in retail, what is the worst customer freak out you’ve seen?
Every man on planet Earth overnight turns into a woman except you you either stay the same or go from a woman to a man what do you do?
The back of your knees, How do you like them pleasured in bed ladies?
How can create a homemade bomb?
What’s the worst way to find out your adopted
Hero's of Reddit that are working through this pandemic, what's the most interesting and inspiring story you have so far?
What should be taboo and isn’t?
Are a lot people are being too soft, sensitive, easily offended, weak-willed, etc in our current time (21st Century). Is it true? Why or why not?
[Serious] What made you fall in love with you’re SO?
What would a Seinfeld episode of 'The Coronavirus' look like?
Is Reggae a form of Jazz and why?
If anime were banned on Earth which of the 7 other Solar planets would you move to and why?
Actors of Reddit, what are the best ways for a beginner to learn how to act?
Nice people of reddit, what happened when you finally let your beast out of its cage?
dear reddit what are some of the good sites?
If there was some way to watch extremely attractive people having sex on the internet, would you? Why?
What movie/series perfectly describes your life right now and what is it about?
Is Reggae a form of Jazz?
What has broken you mentally?
What is one thing your SO did when you first met, but no longer do, and wished they still did?
You turn on the news to discover you’ve been framed for murder and you’re now the most wanted person in your country. What do you do?
What are your opinions of leaving the slow cooker on when your not home all day?
What do you think of the youtube show "some good news" with John Krasinski?
If you could have any one question answered what would you ask?
As of now, what is your opinion of Trump and why?
What do people get from paying for camgirls/twitch thots?
Do bots potentially exist on Reddit that could fabricate false first-hand-account replies as ‘proof’ for political reasons?
What causes post- nut blueballs?
What would a Seinfeld episide of 'The Coronavirus' look like?
What is the scariest movie you've seen as an adult? Not the movie that scared you as a kid, not something that kind of creeped you out, but a movie that genuinely scared you?
What's the craziest thing that's ever happened to your family?
What movie/series perfectly describe your life and what is it about?
If you sleep today and wakeup in 2025, what will you Google?
For those who have met celebrities who was it and how was the experience?
What is the saddest song you have ever heard?
What makes you laugh the most?
Highschoolers or ex-highschoolers, how did you make/meet your first friends?
What’s a basic skill that everyone should have, but doesn’t?
What are some conspiracy theories that are easy to debunk?
How can reddit appease its Chinese overlords?
Those in LTR: What is one thing your SO did when you met that they no longer do, but wish they still did.
What social media do you refuse to use?
How are you feeling right now?
What was a time you almost died and didn't notice till someone told you after words?
What are downsides to common super powers?
With all the food and supplies you have in your home right now how long could you survive?
People who liked meme songs before the songs became memes, do you still enjoy the songs or have they been ruined for you since they became memes?
What super common English words used as other parts of speech have uncommon meanings?
Women who dated VERY successful men: how did your relationship end and what do you miss the most about it?
When and where was the most beautiful part of nature you have ever seen?
So, you wake up and its April 7, 2020. What are you googling to catch up on the times?
Lesbians of Reddit, is scissoring a real thing that people do, or is that only in porn?
Which cereal is best to eat without milk?
Why is Reddit chat not working?
People who have run out of toilet paper, how are you coping?
Anyone who has ever thought it would never get better, did it?
Electricians of reddit, what's some of the dummest crap you've heard from a client? Or, what nonsense did they make up about how "you're doing it wrong"?
What movie perfectly describes your life right now?
What's the best free Anti Virus Software for PCs?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
How to dislocate a finger?
How accurate would ‘The Purge’ movies be if it were to actually come true. What would be different?
teachers of reddit, what is one of the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of your students?
What is the saddest song you have ever heard? For me it would be Radiohead: how to disappear completely.
What is the coolest planet fact you know?
What's an effective way to motivate youself for lazy people?
What is your honest opinion about Instagram models?
What's the most uncomfortable situation you've been in?
What would you title your own autobiography?
When you die you are reincarnated but only can live in a music video. Which do you choose and why?
People who live in shared spaces and like to blast videos loudly without headphones at any time of the day/night, what the fuck is your problem?
What’s one prank you’ve attempted that backfired, or if that doesn’t apply, what’s one prank you’ve succeeded at?
Redditers! if you had the opportunity to be Dr Dolittle(be able to speak to any animal) or speak every language known to man, which would you go for and why?
With genetic adaptations taking thousands of years to evolve, what current adaptations is the human race working towards?
What are you going to let die with your parents' generation?
How can you make your pets life as wonderful as possible?
What are your thoughts on event 201? Do you think this was all planned?
What game perfectly describes your life right now?
How have you experienced sexism?
People who were betrayed by a longtime friend, what’s the story?
If you found out tomorrow you only have one week to live, what would you spend your last week on earth doing?
What valuable item did you accidentally lose and how?
If batflu mutates and starts affecting computers, how will society be affected?
What is the worst subreddit in your opinion?
You're in a room with all of the Worlds world leaders and they tell you that you can become the dictator of anyone country which one do you take?
[Serious] What’s your biggest regret in life?
What do your Saved posts say about you?
Why Might Someone Suffer From Memory Loss/Fuzzy Memories After Dealing With Long Term Depression/Anxiety And What Can Be Done To Recover Those Memories Or Stop The Loss Itself?
Redditors who started a relationship (love, business and collaboration) during isolation period and going strong now, how did it start?
[serious] What's your take on mortality?
Do you believe in or want to have an afterlife/second life? If you do, why? If you don’t, why not?
What’s something awful that you experienced that turned out to be good?
What’s the best thing that happened to you over the weekend?
Most handsome guys don't have a girlfriend, why?
Can covid 19 be transferred from mosquitos?
What is your least favorite way to eat eggs?
If you had to delete 3 apps from your phone forever, which ones would you choose &amp; why?
What is the worst subreddit?
What are the sexiest photos you've taken for someone?
People who snuck stuff into their rooms to hide it from their parents now or in the past, what were the times that you thought you got caught or just barely dodged a bullet in hiding it last second?
What unexpected thing has your pet seen you do, but no one else?
People who had an argument with their loved ones before their death, how did you cope?
You’re a time traveler tasked with going back in time to 1890 to show them one song from modern times. What song would you show them to blow their minds?
What are some wholesome stories of governments (at any level) doing the right thing for their citizens?
People with serious allergies, what was your worst reaction like?
What's a great song to wake up to?
Do you have something you eat everyday, what is it?
How to find the right career?
What is your deepest secret?
You find a genie inside a Magic 8-Ball. He grants answers instead of wishes. "Ask me ANY yes-no question, and I will always tell you the truth." He says. "I will answer THREE questions. What do you wish to know?"
What is the worst/dumbest thing you have done because you fell asleep for a few seconds?
Ever notice right before you get a sudden burst of energy, why?
We all know what rule 34 and 35 is, but what's 1 - 33?
You die, in a universe where every soul gets a chance to live EVERY life, and are given a chance to rate your life so others know whether or not to choose to go through it. What do you say, and what is your rating?
Where would you go if you tested positive for the 'rona?
What is the most thought-provoking movie you've watched?
Has anyone been howling at the moon lately?
If you could commit any crime, and get away with it, what would you do and why?
[serious] How would you react if your 15yo daughter told you she was pregnant or your 15yo son told you he was gay?
How do you tell someone you no longer love them?
Where did the phrase “Gayer than a $3 bill” originate?
What's Your Favorite Song And Why?
If 2020 were a movie, who would be the director?
reddit people what are the most curious data they have about music, songs, etc?
What does it feel like to be put on a ventilator?
What Skills do you think a person should have in todays world to atleast survive ?
Calling All cosmetologist Is it a good career to pursue? What are the pros and cons?
What made you go "okay, enough internet for today"?
What’s been the biggest **unexpected** change in your daily life, since this whole shitshow started?
If you could bring back any fashion trend, what would it be, and why?
When did you have your first beer?
What level in a video game took you FOREVER to complete?
What is the worst thing you ever put in your mouth?
What is harder now than it was back then?
What's the best thing to happen to you in the past few weeks?
What's a movie you really like but has mostly negative reviews?
What is the Dark Web?
Whats the longest amount of time youve gone without brushing your teeth?
Why are you awake at this hour?
Stoners of reddit, what's the strangest thing you've ever done while high?
What is a subreddit that isn't very well known but one of your favorites?
When is the last time you said the word elbow?
What’s a secret you have with one parent that the other doesn’t know about?
What is the current price of gas in your city?
What was the time that you almost died, and a fluke saved you?
What’s something you’ve always thought was super lame that others enjoy?
British people of Reddit how is the revolutionary war handled in your textbooks?
It’s time to actually feel good about yourself? What are you good at?
What's the best way to take care of your long hair?
What are the various reasons you will delete your post in Reddit for?
What would it take to convince you that life really was a simulation?
After hearing this phrase get popular recently, I’m wondering where did the saying, “Gayer than a $3 bill” originate from?
What was the mystery gift included with Stuffies?
How often do you say something stupidly?
Everytime You excrete a bodily fluid from your body be it piss, spit, vomit, blood etc you get $1 per millilitre what do you do?
What’s your favorite soda?
What dinosaur name is the most difficult to spell/pronounce?
Hello Reddit. What's impressive in animation but not impressive in games?
If you could make any job besides your own an essential worker during this pandemic, what would it be and why?
What’s something that motivates you?
For every person you cause to break down in tears, you get $10,000. You cannot tell them about your power. How do you proceed?
What is the most disgusting way to describe your favorite meal?
Have you ever heard a new song right when it was released and thought “This is what the radio will play on repeat for the next year”? What song was it?
What is the most disturbing image or video that you have found on the internet?
What was your best/worst birthday?
What is the proper terminology for stick of butter or brick of butter?
What was you senior prank?
What should we do in life
How are you feeling today?
Which animated movie is made for adults?
What are some conversation topics to have with someone when you feel like you're running out of things to talk about?
How many virgins are in this community
Cats or dogs, and why?
What sounds fine with context, but horrible without it?
What do you fear the most, and why?
What was the worst job you ever had?
What do you want to say to that friend you miss but don’t talk to anymore?
What bores you but you do it anyway because you love them?
CA Art/theater k-12 teachers: where’d you go to school for your credentials?
You can swap the sound two different things make permanently, what would you come up with?
What is the big local scandal in your neck of the woods?
VP Pence seems to have disappeared..any idea where he is?
Reddit what is the most unhygienic thing you do on a daily basis?
What are some things other people do that annoy you?
What is one thing that you’ve accomplished that you never thought you could have?
Who's the dumbest person you know/knew?
What changed about yourself since everything is not normal anymore?
[Serious] Owners of cats that have seizures: how did you cat proof the place to protect him/her?
What are a few things that you can actually get on the dark web?
What would an American version of Hogwarts look like?
What was the stupidest movie theory you ever heard?
What’s the best thing you’ve seen through someones window?
AskReddit Veterans, what question have you seen repeated an infuriating number of times?
How many dates before you stop washing your hands after going #1?
What is a good online source to learn to play piano?
Dear people of Reddit what is the dumbest reason your parent/parents went to jail for during their high school/college years?
If you could suggest a subreddit which would it be?
[Serious] What are the chances for Bernie to still win and do you think he can do it?
What would society look like now if the economy were to collapse?
What do people like about vanilla flavored cake?
What’s the most bizarre thing you’ve came across while surfing the internet?
Why do you think couples encounter Dead Bedroom situations?
What is the redditor's opinion of Apex Legends?
People who have been washing your hands due to the current crisis. How chapped are your hands?
What are some creative and fun ways to say "I don't give a fuck" ?
When you buy a gift for someone off the internet, do you consider the shipping fees to be part of the cost of the gift?
Why are comments low (not over 70) on subreddit politics? Are we cordoned off or something?
What's the most productive thing you've done while in quarantine?
The graduating class of 2020, how are you all coping?
What was the most embarrassing thing that happened to you as a kid?
You suddenly wake up and it’s the year 2030, everything is destroyed, what would you assume happened?
After reading a tiger in bronx zoo was tested positive, why are we wasting tests on animals if there is a shortage for humans?
What is something you should do but you really don’t want to?
What moment was the luckiest you’ve ever been?
What is your biggest regret?
What are some games or activities you, your friends or family have made up to help stave off soul crushing boredom?
What workouts gave you your best results?
What's your real life romantic comedy moment?
What’s your secret talent?
Anime fans of reddit. What is the annoying things people say about anime/anime fans?
How to make a girl/guy to fall in love with you?
What's the last thing you ate and what do yo current want to eat?
Where to get Round Planet BBC show?
What’s something you were always made fun of, but you made it into your profession?
What would you like to solve through deductive analysis?
What difference would $10,000 make for your life? What would you do with it?
Do you believe in or want to have an afterlife? If you do, why? If you don’t, why not?
[Nsfw] What is the most messed up image or video you've seen on the internet?
For those of us who’ve been used by someone, how did you move on from it?
You wake up on Earth 0.9. How are things slightly worse?
Is there any tv show you remember as a kid but can’t find any evidence of it actually existing?
What is a seemingly useless skill that people have complimented you for?
Question for Americans who have gone to medical school outside of america. Which nation do you practice in?
What are some examples of a person’s reputation going from 0-100?
Any athletes of any kind that have had their season cancelled, How are you dealing with that, and how will it affect your future?
People who are into autoerotic asphyxiation - How did you realize that you were into it the first time?
Do you believe in an afterlife?
What is the oldest memory you have?
Australians of reddit, why do you think there aren't many Abo politicians?
What are some human behaviors non-humans of similar intelligence or greater would find fascinating or perplexing?
Anyone bored of the soap cutting game advert yet?
You wake up one day and find that the city is filled with posters and billboards with your photo. You are wanted dead or alive with a bounty of 10 million dollars. What do you do?
What is something you know you should throw out, but don't want to? Why?
What’s your thoughts on having prisoners ride bicycles to create electricity?
Why Netflix got mostly boring movies?
When does the narwhal bacon?
What happens when YouTube runs out of space? Why it hasn't happened yet?
Whats the most underrated ever, of all time?
Delivery people of reddit, what are some of your "stupid people" delivery stories?
People who don't use reddit, why not?
Where is Old Zealand?
What doesn't make any sense to you but you've just accepted it anyway?
What stories do you have of two-faced people?
If you're not using your car for weeks some say it's good to turn it on and even drive it around the block every few days so it doesn't get engine damage. Does the same apply to unused planes? If so, how do they manage it, do they turn them on and fly them around the airport for a few minutes?
Do you have food inspired names for your pets? What are they?
What is the greatest comeback you’ve ever seen?
What is the most ridiculous example of a Reddit mod playing god?
What sh*tty things have already happened in April to add to the unfortunate events lists of 2020?
What’s something you’re normally great at, but can’t do whenever someone is watching?
What are some examples of a persons’s reputation going from 0-100?
Who can’t sleep, but won’t put down the phone?
How should you help someone severely depressed
What is a song that will always cheer you up?
What song does everyone else like, but makes you want to die everytime you hear it?
What's a gift you received that can never be repaid?
What song sounds amazing while drunk?
Americans, what can we actually do to better this country as it spins down the drain?
Early 2000's were awesome. What made it cool for you?
Which one you prefer oat milk, Almond milk, or soy milk?
Non-USA users of Reddit, how is the USA portrayed in your history/textbooks?
What's the BIGGEST epic fail you've ever witnessed?
What behaviours make certain people very likable?
Using homonym, what movie would be really different when you change the words?
How did a revenge you enacted backfire/fail?
What are the best reasons to be late on your first day of work?
You find out someone has been sexually harassing your Son/Daughter or your SO, what do you do?
If you could go back 10 years and give yourself advice, what would you say?
Who was the teacher that had the most impact on your life?
What's your catch phrase?
What human behaviors might aliens find cute?
Daryl Davis managed to convert hundreds of KKK members into normal members of society by hanging out with them and conversing with them, you are now tasked to do the same, but with incels. What is your strategy?
Redditors who own Bob Ross originals, how did you obtain it and how many times a day do you pray to it?
Who or what do you love more than anything else in the world?
For people who had toxic households: what’s one advice you can give to resolve/lessen conflicts with parents?
Where do I get a bee car topper like "Akita Pest Control"?
If you lived in a haunted mansion what kind of ghosts would you want to haunt you?
(On mobile blah blah). Is there a guide to list how to do all the tricks such as; how to do spoilers, or how to italicize, ect?
Do you ever call yourself a fan of a singer even though you only like 4 of their songs?
What do you think is the most iconic meme of all time.
Since semen is technically an animal product, do vegans swallow?
Okay Reddit- what are your stories about vivid dreams where your SO cheated?
[Serious] Americans who dont get any vacation days, if you could legislate how much mandatory vacation days an employer is required to give you how many days would you want?
Whose name is the Batmobile registered under in the TV show?
What one thing took you forever to get over and how did you do it?
Third shifters, what's your "only in third shift" moment?
What Scary Stuff Have You Done Unknowingly As A Child?
What is the best dessert you have ever eaten?
You're stuck in an elevator for a week, with one other person. Who will it be and why?
What behavior is considered extremely rude in the Northern U.S, but would be considered normal in the Southern U.S ?
You have the power to summon a disembodied floating dick that only goes away when it cums. What do you do?
What is the most ignorant moment you’ve witnessed in terms of healthy behaviors regarding food/exercise?
What are good games to play on a crappy PC?
What’s one hobby or skill you want to learn but don’t have the time or resources?
what is a free writing program that you can use?
How many 6 year olds do you think you could take in a fight at one time?
What are you gonna do after you get off reddit?
What's it like to be a total babe and to know that everyone wants you for sex?
You die tomorrow and eventually get resurrected. The year is 2708. What is the first thing you do?
What if a camera also captured a line of what you said during that moment and printed it as a subtitle on a picture ?
How do I know if it is healthy or toxic?
What is a time where everybody in the room you were in, gave you the look?
What are some relatively unknown songs that are actually bops?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's your biggest "get owned" moment you've ever had in a video game?
Why can’t you sleep?
Whats your favorite food described disgustingly?
Since reddit loves trashing on USA, what are some actually good things about living in it?
What is the purpose of our lives?
Men of reddit,Why are y'all always so godamn horny?
Germans of Reddit, What do you think of the movie Schindler's List?
What song impacted your life the most?
If "no one who knew him/her/them was surprised" was in a headline about something you did, what would that something be?
If you had an unlimited budget and could only make 1, what would you make a documentary about?
people who've ended long term relationships or divorced, how big of a role did sex play in the decision?
What’s something you’ll never do again?
What did you do to stop feeling like a loser?
Is there a guide to tell how to do all the tricks like making spoilers or how to italicize for reddit?
What store/place of business/other places people visit do you wish could open in these trying times?
Those who use the word "payed" when referring to having paid for something, why?
How are you planning to become famous ?
Redditors without depression, how do you usually feel in your day-to-day life?
To the drawers/artists/any creative types, what inspires you?
Humans of Reddit: What is one thing your parents have done that broke your heart into pieces?
Is there an actual way to make facial hair grow faster?
If you could redo anything or anytime in your life what would it be?
Why are pickles called pickles instead of pickled cucumbers?
Have you met up with someone you met on Reddit? How'd it go?
What's the weirdest thing you ever masturbated over?
What’s your thoughts on banning vehicles and using bicycle/tricycles for transportation only?
What was your favorite game on the Gamecube?
What is your favorite fourth or fifth wall break in a film or series?
What should be easy, but its not?
What’s something you don’t like that other people seem to like ?
Immigrants of Reddit, what is are some things you missed about living in your home country?
When was the last time your brushed your teeth?
How can using Reddit help further our literacy writing?
How would you rate a mobile dog salon as a business idea to help people keep their pets clean during this time of international crisis?
Is it a flex to play with legos when your over 13 or not
What's your prediction for this april?
Has anyone here met/encountered someone from Tiger King? What were they like in person?
Parents, do you wish you would have waited to have kids? why or why not? or do you wish you didn't?
Which has to go disqus or reddit?
What are some good camera for vlogging with a reasonable price point and good audio quality that doesn’t require and external microphone??
What wouldn't you do for a million dollars?
What movie changed your life?
What is the most efficient way to stop being RickRoll'D?
What is your first memory of childhood?
What is the most fun thing you've discovered in isolation?
What would life be like with no music?
I’m 12 and sometimes my dad makes me go ride my bike when I’ve been on my electronics for to long I’m not sure if should stay inside if he tells me to go?
What's the last skill you attained?
Humans of Reddit - Those of you who have RF remotes that don't need line of sight like IR remotes, why do you still point it at the TV?
What's your least favourite thing about Canadians &amp; Canada?
Reddit, should after college should I get into mes school and become a surgeon/MD or join the military as a medic? Both seem equally appealing but each has its own perks and flaws.
[serious] When do you personally think stores will open up again?
What apps do you use to entertain yourself other than instagram and reddit?
Serious replies only: Redditors with choking anxiety, how do you manage to eat?
What toxic trait do you have that you wish to get rid of?
Do you have a best friend that you met online? How did you meet them?
Would a comforter blanket make a good bed for a dog? Why or why not?
You have the power to freeze time, you can unfreeze it whenever you want. How long do you leave everything frozen?
What was your "Can this get any worse?" moment?
What is a pet-pev that also makes you seem like a jerk?
What would it take for you to believe that Don is buried under the septic tank?
What is one thing that’s happened to you that nobody believes?
Investing is your only way to manage the value of money and try to increase it. If money is placed in a fund for ten years, it will become the same number, but with a lower value.
What's the maximum age you would become a parent?
What was your worst high school memory?
What shows are binge-worthy?
What are your bad habits?
What is event 201 and why are people blaming bill gates?
You are now one of the chickens from the movie “Chicken Run”, what plan do you put forth to help you guys escape?
Anybody ever get a bj in a cab?
In the future, what obscure thing will the pandemic cause in our cultures moving forward?
What item would change your life if you had it right now?
Whats your million dollar idea?
Bored, so what's the funniest thing your pet has done?
What is the one thing you regret doing most?
Best tv shows to binge during quarantine?
How does one get rid of a cowlick in their hair?
What did katelyn Bennett say that made you start to hate her?
You wake up one morning, watch the news, and you find out aliens exist. What’s the first thing you do after finding out?
Where do you find yourself most comfortable?
What funny school farewell/prom stories do you have?
What should foreigners stop doing at other countries?
What’s your longest movie or video game session?
While I was riding my bike in the lower mainland of BC, at about 4 am I saw an animal. It was like a mix of a dog and it was sprinting in a loping fashion. I think it was up to my shoulder. (I’m 6ft) I don’t know what it was but I knew I didn’t want to meet it. Any ideas of what it could be?
You have time to send a quick encrypted message with 7 letters only. What do you say?
Why exactly was xxx tentacion murdered?
What is your computer/phone malware horror story?
What's your battery percentage?
Which strategy you use to conquer a girl/boy?
Does anyone feel a sense of kinship with the various harmless bugs that live in your room with you? Almost like roommates?
[Serious] People in the food service industry, what has changed at your work in the last few weeks?
Ladies that like armpit sex, Why do you like it so much?
Divorcees under 30, whats your story?
What is your computer/phone virus horror story?
Which horror movie slasher would you fight if you were forced to and why?
People who have siblings of the opposite gender, are you sexually attracted to them? Why or why not?
What's your favorite strain of cannabis?
What is the thing you hate the most on Reddit?
When did you fall in love with the internet? How do we end this relationship?
What game do you most hate and why?
Parents of Reddit who are doing Distance learning with your children, are you sending your kids to bed at regular time or letting them stay up late?
How the Hell do You Stop Drinking, Reddit?
What is it like working from home?
Why do so many hate capitalism?
Do you check on your children every night before bed?
What chores do you do whole day to entertain yourself?
What are some fun online things we can do with friends to kill time during these times?
Why exactly was xxx murdered?
What is wrong with the world today?
What do you regret giving up because it was for "little kids"?
Stoners of Reddit, what is your wackiest anecdote from when you were under the influence?
What is something just as interesting as it is unsettling?
What are the 3 best movies from your country ?
What are are some words of wisdom or advice that you wish someone had dropped on you before you became a parent?
Should i get laser eye surgey?
[Serious] If all humans were wiped out in one event, is it likely that human life (or something very close to it) would eventually re-evolve on earth?
Serious replies only!! What is one thing your ex taught you, that has helped with present/future relationships?
What words from the early 2000's will still be around in 30 years?
You’re a playable character in Super Smash Bros and Kirby has just inhaled you. What power does he gain?
What is something that is really bothering you right now?
Whats the best way to keep yourself occupied now that we all stuck inside?
What would you say to someone who wants to kill themselves?
What's a food you hated as a kid but like as a adult?
How do you get a question trending on this subreddit?
How do you use a whole tube of chapstick and not lose it?
People are super bored sitting around right now. What should they do to pass the time?
When did giving someone a second chance work out for you?
What are the criteria for an app to be a game from the app store?
What causes you the most nostalgia?
What's the biggest mess you've had to clean up?
How would you feel on 4mg of IV morphine?
What stories do you have about crows?
I’m super bored sitting around all day. What should I or someone else do to pass the time?
What is it like to not cry in a long time?
What ways do you like to show people you love them?
What’s your worst habit?
[Serious]Why is it easier to become liberal in America?
Men on Reddit ,What's the first thing you do when you got your batmobile ?
Has anyone taken a voluntary layoff? Trying to decide if I take a layoff-- what percentage of my income I will receive? IA resident, current income is high... work asking who would take a voluntary layoff, I trust my boss for rehire. I have a newborn child, trying to protect my family from the virus
How would you describe your "happy place" - that is, what does the inside of your mind look like when you're daydreaming, fantasizing, or coping?
Do you ever feel that long term love isn’t for you? Even if you wish it wasn’t that way but you just have that feeling it is?
If you could change one letter to any word, what would it be?
How do you get over a crush?
To people with horrible names, What do you feel to have one?
How many Dells could Chuck Liddell chuck if Chuck Liddell could Chuck Dells?
Bit of an odd one, not sure where to put it, sorry if it’s the wrong community 😅 boredom got control over me so I decided to start jogging. My cardio is horrible, I’ve managed to jog for a mile in 12:30min so far in 2 days. Any helpful tips?😅
People who have experience with animals, how do you get closer to a animal that doesn’t trust you or is unfamiliar with you?
Men: What’s your worst random boner? Either during puberty or in life?
How long is average to make a woman orgasm?
Animal combination If you could combine any two animals which two and why ?
What is the most annoying dish to wash after?
Do you ever feel that long term love isn’t for you? Even if you wish it wasn’t that way but you just have that feeling it is
What do you want to say about time?
Women of reddit who have had someone go down on them, what is your favorite thing they did to you?
A new website called “Tidder” is created. What’s kind of posts are on there?
Everyone but you magically disappeared. You will still die after a week, what do you do?
What activity or event was recently cancelled that you were/are thrilled about not attending?
Why do zombies operate in a hive mentality?
Gay Members of Reddit, weird question, but do you get turned on by yourself masturbating?
Which games are better than skyrim?
What would have to happen to actually end the two party system in the US?
What is the feeling of killing someone?
What was the last thing that blew your mind?
What do you think life will be like in four months?
What was one of you biggest yet most unreasonable/unnecessary fears as a kid?
What's the most interesting subreddit you know about?
Self isolators: are you close to your tipping point? What's stopping you from losing your sanity right now?
What's a story you have/know that nobody believes?
What's a food you you hated as a kid but like as a adult?
What is the strangest thing that has happened to you at home while you are alone?
how long does it take for you take smoke a whole 8th of weed ?
Have you ever used a corny pick-up line and had it work? If so, what’s the story?
What feeling did you have as teenager that you still have as an adult?
Which show/movie was completely ruined by its ending?
What is the best piece of tech you recommend to buy for under 50 dollars?
What is something that made you unbelievably angry?
Only person in class who hasn’t had sex yet, what to do?
Where does the phrase “Shit hits the fan” come from?
What's a food you loved as a kid but hate now?
What is an underappreciated game that definitely deserves more popularity?
Health care workers of Reddit - what was this last weekend like?
What was your weirdest experience on Omegle?
Long-haul truckers of the US, what's the weirdest thing you've ever seen on a drive?
If tasks in real life gave you XP, like video games, what task do you think would give you the most XP?
What is your dream vacation?
What is the most generic person you've ever met in life?
What “cringe” thing do you unironically love?
When is the last time you were truly frightened by a movie?
What did you find out that you really wish you hadn't?
Retail workers. What is the most messed up, weirdest, or most disgusting thing you have witnessed customers do while in the store?
People who have a Girlfriend/Boyfriend, what is it like?
If Everyone Wants Peace Why Don't We Have It?
The Earth is destroyed and only one thing is left that proves that we ever excised . What would be the worst thing that could be left to prove of our existence?
What would you do if you're mom had tik tok?
What is one sports game you will never forget?
What crazy laws shouldn’t exist but do?
What's your favorite book that makes time seem to fly by as you read it?
What is the most creative way to torture someone, with or without killing them?
Atheists of Reddit how did you tell your religious parents you were atheist?
What was the most shameful reason for your mother to forbid you to close the door of your room?
Writers of Reddit: What are three characteristics of strong writing?
What screams "I'm only acting like a badass, so I can get attention"?
To the people who can remember, what was the first video game you ever played?
What kind of activity won’t you do on a first date and why?
What do you wish people knew about your culture?
What fictional series would cause the biggest problem for humanity if it were real?
If you could restart your whole life over what would you do differently?
What's the worst thing you've had to deal with at retail/customer service?
If the Death Star was to strike Earth in 3-5 years, what should humanity do?
How do you perceive brightness instead of depression?
What's the weirdest thing you can buy with 10 $ ?
Gamers of reddit, what was the funniest glitch you experienced on a multiplayer FPS game? Did it give you an advantage against other players?
What is the worst thing someone can do just to be an asshole to another person. Alternately, what’s the best way to get revenge?
In these trying times what’s more important to you A job or your health? And why?
What is your favorite, albeit obscure, song that the world needs to hear right now?
What is the flavor of Swedish Fish?
What games do you play on your phone?
What is the small but generous thing you did,that brings happiness when you think about it now?
How do huge multinational companies get away by paying little to no taxes?
[Serious] People who were in major car crashes, what happened?
What’s something that upsets other people that you can’t understand the reasoning behind or find the reason behind to be stupid?
Elon Musks of Reddit, Where are you hiding?
What type of toilet paper do you use?
After engaging (or before) with a stranger, when is it okay to drop a pickup line?
What tastes better when it's not made properly?
Jesus and his 12 disciples decide to become a rap group to "spread the love of God through lyrical miracles." What is their band name, and what would their merch look like?
Redditors whats your opinion on smell ovision computers?
What's the most mysterious item you've ever received in the mail?
Couples of Reddit from the same hometown, when you both visit home, do you each live at your parents house or stay together in one house?
You’re in the far future and everyone has been replaced with pickles. What do you do?
A particular moment in your life where you fix yo' shirt, take a deep breath and think... (sort of sayin') "ight, it's time to pretend"?
What would you do if you saw a Tornado coming towards your house?
What is the worst situation to walk in on?
What to you is worth EXACTLY $10, NO more/less?
What is the most painfull way to die?
To all grocery store employees/workers, what are the crazy things you’re seeing/dealing with in stores?
How often to cut finger/toe nails (currently doing it quarterly)?
What is your dream job?
Parent of reddit, what have your kids with imaginary friends done / said that completely freaked you out?
What are your best tips, guides, etc for sleep paralysis and lucid dreaming?
Dear masculine men of Reddit, do you eat or drink ketchup and why?
You’ve fallen off a cliff to your death, what is your last regret?
Why are you scrolling through reddit and not doing what you should?
Tech Support Scammers of Reddit, why are you doing the job you are doing?
Parents of Reddit whose kids ghost their friends’ birthday parties: what is up with you?
What changed your mind about wanting to become a celebrity? Why wouldn't you want to be one?
You are given three wishes, you can wish for anything except more wishes. However, one of your wishes will not come true. You have no control over which one. What do you wish for?
What regularly happens in movies that would be very unlikely in real life?
Who is your favorite female movie character that’s a real bitch?
What's a very disturbing fact almost nobody knows?
What should be the maximum age for having a child?
Why do girls smell really bad?
What things make you REALLY furious?
Where are the Bob Dylans and Pete Seegers of today?
What are your weirdest talents?
What inspired your Reddit username ?
What was your favorite childhood movie/ show/film?
When will Steve Irwin's fans accept that he was a complex man who died trying to fuck that sting-ray?
Humans of reddit, how do you get a post to blow up?
How would you react if a guy said he feels like Pinocchio?
Does it bother you that people use the incorrect (their/they're/there/) in they're sentences, if so why?
You get to redo a movie but the director is michael bay, what movie you choose,why?
What do you think they are going to write in history books about Donald Trump?
What are your predictions for the future?
What small or unknown artist or band deserves some more listeners?
What is your rice purity test scores, age and where you are from ?
When will the socialist trumpers start sending us to FEMA camps?
What are some egg substitutes that work with box brownie mixes without affecting the taste too much?
Which actor/ess has has the best career?
what is your favorite thing to do these days?
What abbreviation confused you the most ?
Who is/was your Fictional Crush ?
In your opinion, what does the average Mt. Dew drinker look like?
What's your favourite quote?
What is the best Non-American candy you have ever tried?
People who struggle with suicidial ideation, what will your breaking point be?
What is a childhood habit or preference that you'll never outgrow?
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what treats, goodies, items, etc would be welcomed if left out for you? (Serious)
What’s an interesting fact that people should know?
Which horror movie do you think you could survive?
Y’all remember when Sony went P2P on Infantry?
What really grinds your gears?
What was that noise?
What are you afraid will never happen?
What do you you really hate that you must do?
How has maintaining a healthy lifestyle/weight loss been for you!? During this epidemic?
What is something you’re constantly told that you hate or makes you feel insecure?
What is the one thing you've made that you're the most proud of?
What brands are you loyal to? Clothing, body wash, cookies, cars...anything. What are the brands and why are you loyal to them?
What are your opinions about TikTok and the hate it gets?
Would you say brown is its own independent color, or just a shade of orange? Why?
How did you get over your ex?
What is the worst thing your parent ever said to you?
If you’ve had more than one job, which job taught you the most?
What inspires you to want to do better?
If your eyes were a video recording device and it had been recording everything you have seen since you were born, what footage do you want to watch again?
What is something from your childhood that you vividly remember, but no one else does?
What is the quality you admire the most in the person you dislike the most?
Anon reddit users, who from your family do you think is using reddit right now, and if you came across them how would you know?
What video game just fell off the face of the Earth?
Why isn't there a single mainstream song for what's on everyone's mind nowadays?
Why doesn't Reddit auto rotate?
Hi! once the restrictions are lifted will u guys be planning on going out/travelling or would you prefer staying home? What are the thoughts of different groups of people (whether you have kids, are expecting parents, teenagers, etc)?
If a man and a women have a test tube baby where it is developed in another womens uterus, what happens in that custody battle?
People of Reddit, what do you think is the song with the most remixes/forms?
What scary fact do you think everyone should know?
What does your sleep paralysis demon look like?
if you were to make a dessert/candy pizza, what ingredients would you use that you know tastes good together (toppings, sauce, crust, etc.)?
“I love you” doesn’t exist. How do you express your feelings in words?
People who drinks coffee everyday from Starbucks and kinda addicted, how is the situation going right now in these days?
Redditors with epilepsy: what personality changes did you notice after your epilepsy began?
What's your favorite 2000's song?
Ladies of Reddit whats the most obvious but desperate tactic to get a guy to notice you?
What is your favourite comfort food?
How much stress are you dealing with right now, and how are you coping?
what are your breakup stroies?
What is the worst movie you have ever seen and why?
What is it about your SO that made you fall in love with them?
Who was the best James Bond?
What are things you wish you did not say to the President?
Caretakers of toddler children; how in the world do you get a almost 3 year old that loves squealing, being stubborn, and stays up past bedtime to sleep?
[Serious] What is something that you worked hard on, that you ultimately failed to master? Why?
What’s a movie quote you quote all the time in conversation?
What’s your special song?
Contortionists of Reddit, what are your favorite beginner stretches?
Do you / your bf's curve up, point straight, or curve down? How has that affected the sexual positions available to you?
What's your favourite in McDonald's?
What are you going to do for the sixth day of 4/20?
Why do some people believe anything they read online like antivaxxers, flatearthers and our new disappointment, the 5g conspiracy theorists?
What is your favorite inspirational quote?
Who would be the hardest for you to lose in this epidemic?
Who would you consider to be a much beloved character however “below the radar sociopath” in widely enjoyed literature, film or television?
What’s the most underrated of disturbing movies?
What are 2 popular quotes that contradict each other?
Now that we're all grown up and nobody asks us, what was your favorite childhood cartoon?
What's a good song you know that doesnt fit into a specific genre?
How far can the economy before we need to rethink how we do thing?
You have the power to replace any U.S. president with Patrick Star, who do you choose and why?
What was your wake up call in life?
What was the funniest time you ever got catcalled?
What state or country do you think you would fit into, even though you've never been?
Straight men of reddit, other than unlimited access to baby tigers and methamphetamine, what would you need to marry a man with a mullet?
What is your favorite Family Guy quote?
Dog owners of Reddit, what is your favorite breed of dog?
what is that one article, that you want everyone to read?
What's the sickest burn you've ever heard?
What are some "conspiracy theories" you totally believe in?
What will you do if you find it hard to get interested in anything?
How can one celebrate their birthday while staying in?
Gun owners/users of Reddit. What movie/show/game most accurately portrays gun ballistics?
What the one thing you did you feel happy about it ?
What do you tell yourself before falling asleep?
What do you think the colors to the lyrics are to "Hey Jude"?
What has working out done to your love life?
Okay, seriously... What REALLY REALLY makes you cringe?
People of Reddit what is your scariest/most surreal dream experience?
What's the weirdest thing you've done out of boredom while stuck at home?
People that don't drink water, why?
What is something you have always wanted to do, and why haven’t you done it yet?
What is the most disgusting food you've ever tried?
What was the saddest book you've ever read?
What persons exemplified leadership in times of prior crises?
What are your family’s proverbial sayings?
Why did Katsumoto consider Hirotaro's death to be a "good death" in *The Last Samurai*?
If you had your knowledge and experience but Bill Gates's bank balance, on what problems would you unleash your resources?
What is the most haunting song or album that never fails to make you freeze in complete unease?
What will be the next disaster of 2020?
What Disney movie was your favourite as a kid?
JoJo fans, if you were able to have your own made up stand, what would you name it and what would it’s ability be?
[serious] Americans of Reddit, how can we begin to force the criminally negligent politicians out of power and implement a non partisan government that completely restricts business and special interests in our political system?
What are some things that high school students should start doing before they go to college?
What is the worst excuse you have ever given or heard?
Looking for a big piece of styrofoam approximately 44”X18”. Where would one find this for cheep or possibly free?
What completely random thing annoys you for no reason?
What physical or mental disabilities do you suffer from, and how does it affect your life on a day to day basis?
What's a more aggressive alternative to 'fuck you"?
Dont be humble, when were you the hero of a situation. What happened?
what should we do with free $1200?
How do you get awesome followers?
How did you get the job you currently have?
When did you realised that your parents weren't beating you to """educate""" you, but just because they could?
Why does being rich feel so much better than having a girlfriend?
How much money do you make a year?
what is something you know absolutely nothing about?
How do you get through to a stubborn person?
Reddit what would it take for a revolution and how would you organize it?
If you were an inanimate object, what would you be and why?
Could a person with high intelligence (120-130 IQ), but not genius, come up with something as complex as the theory of relativity? What if they would have unlimited time, would that make a difference?
What words could be used to describe the US?
Native Americans of reddit: what are the problems you face in your communities due to generations long discrimination and what are some changes you'd like to see for your people groups, what, (if anything) can we do to help make those changes possible?
People Who Have Step-Step-Parents (Divorced Parent, Then Divorced Stepparent, Then Parent Remarries Again) What Is Your Relationship With Them And Do You Prefer them Over Your Other Parent And Stepparent?
What’s the weirdest interaction you’ve had in the past few weeks?
What was the moment you realized your parents weren't omniscient?
What are a few lines from your favorite poem?
Artists of reddit, what is the most important concept someone should focus when learning to draw?
What does someone has to do in order to get a fourth wish?
What is your (worth or not worth) story about a time you went to court for mental and physical damages because of a car accident?
Why is criminal activity dormant?
You get to choose your afterlife, what afterlife would you choose? Why?
Ladies how would you cheer up a sad clown with a tiny penis?
People of reddit, what is your worst babysitting experience?
How would you gain the “Florida man” title as fast as possible?
What is the best way to make money without a job (legally)?
What’s some cool apps/websites to check out while we all stuck inside?
What looks easy but is actually hard to do?
[Serious] Therapists of reddit, what are some ways that everybody can help out their friends struggling with something mentally?
You’re abducted by aliens who inform you they’ve been recording all human activities since the dawn of man. What historical event do you watch in high definition footage?
What would you do if you had a super memory and could remember everything?
What is the most absent minded thing you've done ?
Professional Wrestlers, what is a common misconception about the sport?
To all those who have trust issues within your relationship, how did you overcome them?
What are you craving right now?
If every subreddit had an honest caption, what would it be?
If you could dinner with anyone from history who would you choose ?
How could you most effectively spend $10 PSN?
Why does the world seem to lack any confidence in our decisions in today's society?
What are some sweets/pastry/etc brands that are only distributed in your locale?
How important is to study during the holidays for boards etc?
Who was your first celebrity crush ?
[Serious] Out of curiosity have any of you been on the dark web, and If so what kinds of things did you come across?
if u could go back in time to meet anyone who would it be?
What would be the coolest way to die?
What sentences are improved by adding animal noises to them?
Americans of Reddit, what is it about Europe that amazes you so much?
What is the scariest scene from a non-horror movie?
What are some of the most messed up subreddits on here?
People are allowed to make their own laws, regardless of age, gender and ethnicity. However, you are not allowed to make laws that deny rights. What law will you make?
Hey Reddit - is there an ethical way to karmawhore?
Americans of Reddit, what were your first impressions of European Countries?
What is something that you remember happening that a parent(s)/family say didn't happen?
What don't you take kindly to?
What’s a fundamental truth, that you’ve noticed applies to anything or anyone?
Everyone's time is the same. But the energy you exert through work varies from person to person. What combination of time/energy do you have and what would you trade it for?
What do people think is underground but actually most people know of?
What’s a nice way to ask for 6ft?
What is a grammar rule in your language that no one seems to know about?
Where can one listen to old Carcass albums since their label have become such assholes?
As a passenger, What is one thing you do NOT want to hear the driver say?
Tom Hanks legally changes his name to Tim Honks. How do you react?
Who do you think so many people bully Amberlynn Reid?
What type of apocalypse would you prefer, and why?
What did Courtney Love mean when she said "I want to be the girl with the most cake?"
You now have as many years as your current battery percentage, nothing changes in your life except your age. How does it affect your life?
What was your worse “when you thought of something good to say after the argument was over” moment?
For those people who aren’t allowed to work from home at all during all of this - what is your job?
Parents of autistic children, at what point did you first notice that your child had signs of autism?
People of reddit... what is something virgins don’t know about sex?
Which general speaking is more powerful.... Religion, Politics, or Philosophy?
What was something that you learned from a DNA testing kit that you didn’t know about before?
How do people still have things to talk about even though we are all doing nothing?
[Serious] What is the song that means the most to you and why?
Bald people of Reddit, what do you wash your head with?
Airplane accident survivors of Reddit, how was the crash and how are you doing?
What habits in high-school should we get rid of during our first year of College / University?
Redditors who use the product manscape, where do you do it at?
Anyone out there who has read someone else's diary/private journal, what shocking thing did discover?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
What is the harshest act you are willing to get by?
If you could describe your life as a video game, what video game would it be?
Where can you get Johnny Truant’s first album, digital or otherwise?
What is illegal, but not immoral?
What is your healthy go to snack when you got a craving appetite?
What are some songs you should not play on the first date?
It’s the first day that everything has been reopened, where do you go first and why?
What is the best electric bike to buy under £1000 ($1200) that is speedy and efficient?
What’s on your bucket list?
You could adopt any animal. What would your choice be?
What is the one thing you can't stand in porn?
What makes a friend irreplaceable?
Have you ever played an Animal Crossing game before? If so, which one was your first one and what are your most memorable moments with it?
How does one find themselves again?
What’s your favorite topic to debate?
What is your favorite romance movie?
[Serious] What are some good dystopian novels worth reading?
Which singer/rapper/vocalist caught you the most off guard the first time that you saw what they looked like?
What’s your Favorite documentary?
What's a fictional character you've always wanted to have sex with?
What did confirmation bias ever do for you?
What improvements would you make to an everyday object to make it better, more efficient or just more convenient?
Reddit, what's your favorite, but obscure hobby?
For those of you who USED TO be afraid of flying, how did you get over your fear of flying once and for all?
Redditors, why do you post on Reddit?
Reddit, what’s a good K-Drama to start watching and where to watch?
What is a good anime?
What is a clothing brand you’d recommend for a guy in his late 20’s?
Have you read the entire collection of Harry Potter to a couple of reluctant children? How was the experience for you?
Redditors who have had there crush like them back, what’s your story?
If life was a game, what should be patched in the next update?
What is the scariest movie to you?
What are you missing most now that life had been turned upside down?
People who buy rated M games for your kids, why?
What daily activities have people been unnecessarily getting out of bed to accomplish?
Reddit, what’s your biggest pet peeve?
What do you think your parents need to be educated about in order for them to stop being hypocritical?
You're in a lucid dream, what do you do?
Redditors who have started in/worked on a reality show, what's the craziest thing a producer has made happen on the show?
What’s a phase you thought you’d never grow out of, which you’ve since grown out of?
What will always piss you off nomatter what?
what is the first thing that you are going to do after this sh$$ is done?
People who never mess up cool handshakes, how?
How were you introduced to Reddit?
Fellow guys of reddit. What was your “this should not give me a boner” moment?
Reddit, what is the most unhygenic thing you do on a daily basis?
Redditors how old is too old to manscape in your opinion?
What habits are actually healthy but would be unattractive if you talked about it?
What's your "no one would've believed it if no one saw" story?
What's your best personal example of serving justice?
What is the worst statue of limitations and why?
When you picture “alien” what does it look like?
What are your favourite sexual innuendos?
What’s your favorite thing to snack on while watching hentai?
What do you think Americans think of Trump if you’re out side the U.S.?
What was your biggest gambling win?
How much abuse have your eardrums taken over the years?
Should Joe Exotic be in jail? If yes, why?
Redditors who are miserable in their relationships, why do you stay? Why not just breakup?
What is makes YOU happy?
People who have been to nudist communities, what was it like?
Redditors who are on unemployment, how much money will you be making with this $600/wk extension compared to what you were making before your job closed down?
What is a sexual fantasy you would NEVER reveal to your partner?
What are some words that you can think of that are undefinable?
With most of the headlines being dominated by negative news, what positive news makes you optimistic for the future?
What is the best what to go through a band/artist's entire discography?
What will be the worst video game to live in?
What is something bad that you have done to your younger sibling(s) that you regret?
What acoustic indie song do you listen to immerse yourself in the essence of the night?
New Zealanders of Reddit, how are you coping at the moment?
You can chose...someone who is 100% honest, or someone who protects your feelings...which do you chose and why?
An alien escapes Area 51 and arrives at your house. What’s the first thing you do?
What's the most fantastical / video game-esque real world place on Earth?
[Serious] Reddit what are your biggest pet peeves?
What is something you have been afraid of since you were a kid and you still afraid of it till this day?
When is violence at the nation-state level acceptable?
Why americans like dogs so much?
What is your favorite user flair? Which subreddit is it from?
You get to pick any video game you want. Your amount of currency in that game is how much you have in your bank account. What game are you picking?
Xbox one players of reddit, why doesn't anyone use their mic in games anymore?
Who is someone you absolutely despise?
How long does it take for a small burn on your penis to go away; also, what would be a good way to hide a small burn on your penis from your SO if they are the sort to go exploring down there?
What advice would you give your 16 year old self?
Should nurses and family follow along with dementia and other memory loss patients thoughts or should they tell them what’s actually happening?
If everyone you interacted with up to this point of your life disappeared, what would you do?
People who have gone places they never thought they could or would get (possibly due to travel limitations for the time) where, an what was it like?
This isn't real, why can't you wake up?
What are going to be the most popular Halloween costumes this year?
Why does having 70,000 people that care about you feel better than having a girlfriend?
(Wrong answers only) What do you say to your parents if they walk in on you having sex?
If you had to become a Werewolf, Vampire,Ghost, Witch/Wizard, Demon/Devil, what would you choose with all balancing pros and cons?
What's the most traumatic experience you've experienced?
What major companies will not survive the current shutdown?
What are some slang terms a Dad could use to annoy his kids during isolation?
Parents of Reddit, what's the sweetest thing your kid has ever done?
How do you find purpose in life?
What is the final boss if you are in some sort of video game?
What’s something your parent does that annoys you?
What’s the craziest paranormal experience you’ve ever had?
to what are you addicted ? and when you count to stop ?
What are some lesser talked about great tv series’s?
What do you need to do right now?
what was or is your full time job?
What’s something you learned from your parents?
Hey reddit, what's your beef with today?
Just watched The Hangover movie. What is your "Hangover" story?
How do you think Plankton could have gotten Mr Krabs secret formula?
what is that one embarrassing moment of your life that you keep remembering no matter how hard you try to forget?
where do you want to travel after this sh## is done?
The last person you spoke to on the phone is now your SO. How screwed are you?
Who was someone you honestly thought did not have a crush on you but turned out they did? What happened?
Redditors, what’s the story behind your usernames?
How do you measure progress in your life?
what personal project are you working on?
What is the most underrated show that is worth giving a shot now that people have a lot of time on their hands?
(Serious) As a fully grown adult in what ways have you fully disappointed you’re parents?
What is your most precious gift?
What is the most complex emoticon that you can type?
People of reddit, what is the most lewd thing someone has looked up on Google?
You’re an ant, who moves the earth...or you’re a giant who rules over it...how do you combat climate change?
What's an item under £100 that everyone should invest in?
Gun Experts of Reddit, If a double-Barrel shotgun was bent at a U-Shape (Pointing the barrel back at the shooter) would it fire back at the shooter? If so, how?
What is your worst case of “I attract weird people”?
What song would make a great movie plot ?
What are your thoughts on the people who go outside and socially distance themselves from people?
What is one thing you can tell people that always makes their day better?
What tricks do you use to help yourself focus on working?
What's the funniest thing you've done while your brain was on autopilot?
Submariners of Reddit, what is the scariest moment you've had onboard?
Cereal connoisseurs of Reddit. What is your favorite cereal and why?
What is your first victory in life that you can remember?
What is your favorite quote stated by you?
where to start learning machine learning?
When will it again be safe to high five bears?
What's the best simple food you can make in the microwave?
What is a really good encounter/interaction you’ve had with a famous person or celebrity?
People of Reddit, what has made you feel better about lock down, or what has someone else done to make you happier/feel better?
What’s the most unpleasant toilet experience you ever had?
Gynecologists at reddit, what are the effects of contraception? Especially in those who do not have hormonal problems?
You really need to pee and rush to the bathroom. Unfortunately, the only toilet available contains unflushed poop. What do you do?
What's your favorite citrus fruit?
What’s the sexiest experience you’ve ever had?
People who asked for the universe to “send you a sign” two months ago, how do you feel now?
What luxuries are you still affording yourself while locked down?
Lonely people of reddit, what things do you do that makes you think “goddamn I’m lonely.”?
What's one material thing that you wish you had right at this very moment?
What’s the goofiest way to call sombody dumb?
When did you learn that you weren’t as special as you thought?
What's the best movie snack that ISN'T popcorn?
What is the weirdest way you have ever been asked out?
What was the worst/best Minecraft knock off you played back in the day when that was a thing?
Why do some people like to attack others on the Internet?
Younger/youngest siblings of reddit, what are some things you hate/problems you deal with being the younger/youngest?
Men with large nipples, why?
Zombies suddenly start pounding at your door and you only have a minute or two before they get through. What will you do?
In the light of the present “toilet paper” hoarding phenomenon, where do you stand on the toilet paper method VS soap and water method, and why?
Why are the product specs blurred?
What is the protocol for discharging off of probation in the western region of Wisconsin?
What are some lesser know albums that you would consider a classic?
(Serious) When were you wrong about something, that you think it takes a big person to admit?
They say everything that's popular starts getting haters. Well reddit, what's something that seems to be universally liked by everyone you know?
Do you play video games? Why or why not?
Hey Redditors, what product(s) have you seen that were overpriced and still bought it anyway?
How have you changed in the past 1 year and what was it that changed you?
For people who graduated university and work at the same time, and still get strait A's . How do you do it?
What's the most backhanded compliment you've ever received?
Are you interested in technology? Why or why not?
What was the dumbest thing that ended your relationship?
What are your favorite pass times right now?
What is your favorite punk band?
Where are you in the world and what’s the time? Also what are you doing right now?
What song you would like to play at your funeral?
Gay men and women, what was your “yep I’m gay” moment?
Who is someone everyone seems to like, but to you seems disingenuous?
what is the best keyboard layout to resemble ps3/4 emulators?
How different would the world be if all farts were silent?
What is the most terrifying noise you've ever heard?
Who is one player you wish your sporting team never signed?
In the wake of what is happening, what is something that makes you break out a big ol' smile after a long day at work or school?
What do you think you’re soulmate is doing right now?
You have control over ONE Nuclear ICBM, What would you do and why?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen?
How do you guys hide your smoking habit from your family/significant others? Are there any effective ways that you guys hide or remove the nicotine smell from your fingers/lips?
How do you guys hide your smoking habit from your family/significant others? Are there any effective ways that you guys hide or remove the nicotine smell from your fingers/lips?
In terms of physical appearance, who do you think is the most overrated celebrity?
Women seem to be handling the self-isolating thing easier than men, why is that?
What's something that repeats itself with each generation that comes and goes?
What is something that still hurts you too think about to this day?
What’s your best joke redditors?
What is a music genre(s) that you despise?
What's your #1 red flag when dating? The one that ends things then and there, no matter what else they may bring to the relationship?
What motivates you to do actions?
Couples of Reddit, how are you dealing with the monotony that these days could cause in your relationship?
Reddit. You have the chance to spend 24 hours with your actor crush, no limits to what can happen. Who is it and what will you do together?
Why is Chinese and Indian food habits so different being geographically so close? North Indian food (pilaf, naan breads) shares several similarities with Middle Eastern and South Indian (curry, rice, coconut) with South East Asian (Thai, Malaysian etc) - but nothing between Indian and Chinese foods?
What is the least known, most obscure movie you've ever seen? How did you find it and would you recommend it?
Twitter users of Reddit, what are your thoughts on Mike LUHG?
What are the best YouTube Conspiracy Rabbit Holes that you would suggest to watch right now?
What scent is absolutely intoxicating to you, but most other people would think it was weird?
Would you live in an rich house in a poor neighbourhood or a poor house in a rich neighbourhood? Why?
What if there were no professionals in any given subject, but everyone knew a little bit about everything?
People who had sex in a threesome, how did you get it to happen? (Serious)
What is your favorite subreddit (excluding this) and why?
What is your favorite show?
What is the worst piece of advice somebody has given you for something?
What is something you used to enjoy but hate now?
What is your all-time favorite subreddit?
What are some cool animals that almost no one knows about?
What is your disturbing tinder horror story!?
What's the first thing you will do when life returns back to normal?
How do you overcome waking up with a negative mood out of nowhere?
What do you think of arabs ?
1 or 2 small red blotches appear above lips that happens after vaping... anyone know how to resolve this from happening?
People who dated a 'simp', how did it go?
Why do flamboyant gay guys often have that gay guy voice? Does sexual orientation dictate one's voice?
What is your absolute favorite video game of all time?
To those who have been stabbed, were your intestines ticklish?
Yo! What you up to?
what are some of the best free courses in internet right now?
LGBTQ people of Reddit who lived in anti-LGBTQ environments , what was it like?
What are some things that make you instantly, almost unreasonably enraged?
what are some of the best free courses in internet right now?
What is the worst movie you have ever watched?
What information or education might save your life one day?
What would you do for $1 million?
Do you guys think regret is healthy? Why or why not?
What are the best cartoons in both style and overall enjoyability that you can think of of recent times and why?
How do you maintain focus during these times in order to create/work/be productive and seize opportunities?
What new hobby or activity have you discovered due to current circumstances?
What are your favorite spooky movies? That is, movies that are creepy/unsettling but don't fit into the typical gore/jump scare horror genre?
What's something you love but ruined by too many people involved in ?
You wake up feeling funny. You see a bite bark on your arm. You're a werewolf. And once you transform, you stay transformed... Permanently. What do you do?
Hi redditarians. What is your favorite show of all time?
Modern military Middle East movies - from those of you with military experience, what’s the most accurate modern movie and what’s the most laughable?
what are some of the best rabbit-holes that you have ever explored in internet?
Smokers, when do you think smoking a cigarette feels the best?
If inanimate objects could speak, which would have the most interesting things to say?
You wake up and it’s Sunday April 5th, 2019... What do you do different?
What are some good noise cancelling earbuds/headphones that won't break the bank?
Pizza chef’s of reddit what is the weirdest pizza you’ve made for someone?
Teachers, what is the most embarrassing secret you know about a student?
What was your biggest walk of shame?
Anyone have experience with Ring Lights? If so, what is a nice one to start out with?
Why is there no better feeling in life than what porn provides?
What songs do you know with an abnormally strange chorus?
Compulsive gamblers of Reddit how are you coping without sports events to bet on?
Some hobbies are better with a community. Which hobby of yours did you wish was bigger?
Bar tenders/bar managers of Reddit, what's an immediate red flag when you go into a bar?
What's the pettiest dickmove in human history?
What are geniuses paying attention to recently?
What is the weirdest thing you've seen?
What's the craziest fact that you know?
Scientists of Reddit, what is the most interesting study you’ve been a part of?
What was the defining moment of your career?
What game is better if you don't finish it?
Current/former community college students of reddit, what was/is your favorite part of community college?
If you were arrested, how where you handcuffed/shackled?
Let's be honest - how often do you floss?
What prompts you to instantly unfollow someone?
Vegans/Vegetarians of reddit, Is there anything about the plant based community that pisses you off? what is it?
If you have a second stomach, how many meals would you eat and what would you eat and drink more to fill it?
People who attend College or University, what's something TV and movies never get right?
Where do you think we would be if the church didn’t shut down scientific advances?
People who poop, what’s it like?
What's the most concerning thing a child has said to you?
What are the weirdest places where you've hooked up?
What are some life altering hacks for kids under 5?
What is a story you have always wanted to tell but never found the right ask reddit thread?
What lame excuse are you tired of hearing?
What is your reaction to current life?
What are the most legendary Reddit posts of all time?
What would be the quickest way to drive you crazy?
How do partners manage when their spouse dies?
You can only eat one food and drink one drink forever, what are they?
Former military boarding school kids, what’s your life like now?
If you were the leader of the United States, what services and companies would you keep open as essential services now?
What's your most nsfw but funniest story?
If you could live in any historical era, without knowledge of the future, what would it be?
Any recent, interesting stories about how being isolated actually drove someone crazy? What happened?
What’s a food/dish you enjoy eating that others find odd or disgusting?
How do you start a revolution?
What are some coolest interesting websites?
What was your near death experience?
If someone likes a person while they're sober but hates that same person when they're high, what does it mean?
What helps you to find your luck in life?
What is your weird talent that you haven't told anyone about?
Which channel was really supplying with good show back in the day Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network, or Disney Channel?
What do you need to rant about right now?
Who can think of the best games to play with friends and family using the Marco Polo app?
Gynecologists of Reddit, what NSFW things have patients done?
Working professionals: what piece of advice did you come to Reddit for to assist you in your job?
Who is the nicest celebrity you have met?
Truck drivers of reddit, what do you wish the rest of us would change about the way we drive?
What songs mean a lot to you?
What is an actual good movie that exists?
What will be the next phase of pop music?
Millennials of Reddit, what's something you can mention that Gen Zs will find difficult to understand?
What are your views on hype beast culture?
What advantages would there be if women's breasts were vertically aligned rather than horizontally?
Redditors who have had your fortunes told, what happened and did it come true?
What are you doing to better yourself currently?
what are the best games to play in macbook air without ruining your computer fan and cpu?
[Serious] What movie made you cry?
People who are on the fence about whether to stay or break up with their SO, what are the main factors influencing your decision?
Who is truly the scariest serial killer to live?
People in a 3-way relationship, what is your power dynamic?
What is a childhood fear that has followed you into adulthood?
Who is the nastiest celebrity you have met?
What fast food can't you stand?
What traits or characteristics does a person display that give you that gut feeling that something isn't right?
What is the absolute worst song you’ve ever heard?
What was the weirdest thing you found at a yard sale?
Who thinks Carole fed her ex-husband Don to the Big Cats?
Anyone who has been hospitalized for a suicide attempt or a mental break. How were you treated by the staff at the hospital?
Gamers, what games have you been sinking your teeth into, or for those new to gaming, what are some of the essential classics regardless of platform?
What can you say to subtlety guck with people?
What loot would you drop if you died?
Which sub had a drastic drop in quality when it got popular?
You and your lover are having sex. During sex, Ricardo Milos kicks down the door and says "Player 3 has joined the game!" Before jumping into your bed. What do you do?
Dear Reddit, what are the rules?
What TV show do you wish you hadn't seen so you could experience it all again?
When have you unknowingly saved someone or your life?
What is the best bread?
What are the most dangerous things that anybody is legally allowed to do but should only be performed by professionals?
Students who have transitioned to online courses due to the unforeseen circumstances, what is keeping you motivated?
Why do you think dogs move their legs in a bicycle motion when you scratch their bellies?
What are your deal breaker at first in your relationship but after sometime you accepted that?
Airplane pilots of Reddit: before approach, in bad weather, pilot came on and said that all electronics must be totally powered off. Flight attendants came through the cabin several times to confirm. Think pilot said something about approach speed. What was he doing, and why turn everything off?
What is/was your plan B?
What stuffed animal do you have and treasure to this day?
how is online-school going?
People who are in a relationship, how did you find your significant other?
What's socially acceptable but should be illegal?
Bilingual people of Reddit, what are some words that doesn't exist in the english language?
What is your favourite Air Head flavour?
What type of person are you?
[Serious] What do you do when you feel an emotion you know you shouldn't?
how are you coping with boredom?
What is the most useful animal product?
People who lived in the the USSR, what was it like?
Has anyone recently seen a Future Forward USA PAC commercial with woman talking in front of a lot of TVs about not being heard, and noticed anything odd about it when watching via DVR, (like, when you try to rewind to re-watch it, it's gone)? If so, how is it done, and why?
how is life treating you?
What was something you google searched out of random curiosity?
where are you from?
What would be the worst way to die?
Americans which state do you live in?
If you could swap life’s with a celebrity, who and why would you swap with them?
What was your 15 minutes of fame?
Whats something you can't know?
Is it safe to flush an old t-shirt you used to wipe when you’ve ran out of toilet paper, why or why not?
How do you justify voting for party over voting for ideology?
What is the worst argument?
People who lost their penises, how?
If you buy a larger pizza, it's usually cut in a grid. Which is your favourite slice, and why?
Students of reddit, what is the funniest thing that has happened on your online zoom classes?
Students that have to do online school, how is it like doing online school?
What have you convinced many people to try?
Looking for scary stories to do YT with, can choose to be credited or anon. What are some scary stories you have?
Theatre people, how’s your show going?
Everyone who regularly go to a fitness center for most of your life,or who works out or swim at an intense level at a fitness center, what is happening to your physical sense of self and health?
What is the best movie of 2020?
What actions would you describe as being devious?
What’s the closest you’ve ever been to getting kidnapped?
[Serious] If an 'International Food Safety Agreement' was considered by the United Nations, what should be included?
What can't bacon make taste better?
People who play music/videos on speakers in public places and not use headphones, why?
Sapiosexuals of reddit, how do get turned on?
(Serious) What was the saddest thing that’s ever happened to you?
How do you manage your anger, especially during these times?
What superpower do you think would have alot of unintended consequences?
Hypothetically, if you were to meet a time traveler, how would you summarize the last 40 years ?
If you could rule any country in history what would it be and why?
How do you know if you’re talking to VP?
People in a relationship with a “Karen”, what’s it like?
What is the story behind your username of reddit?
What foods shouldn’t be baked raw?
You wake up, it’s year 42069, what’s the first thing you do?
What harmless thing do you enjoy that’s socially unacceptable?
If you could go back in time and experience any concert in history, which one would it be?
what kind of dish, upon adding an egg, will ruin it’s flavor?
What's a memory you have that should be totally happy but is ruined by your depression?
What was the moment you legitimatly thought you were going crazy?
People of reddit, who of you have eaten an entire jar of nutella? What did it feel like?
If you had a choice to restart humanities progress for a second try or annihilate humanity which would you choose?
Which occurence changed your life 180 degrees for better or worse?
What helped cure your depression or at least helped you cope with it the most?
How would society be if Psychedelic experience was required?
What are your thoughts on being friends with extremely insecure people?
What have you lost that you wish you could find?
Now that intelligent animals are getting rights of their own, what are some other things that we should give rights to? Do plants deserve a basic set of rights? Insects? What about AI software/hardware?
What was your "it's a small world moment"?
What are some of the worst Name Combos?
Would you date someone who didn't have a job? Why or why not?
What’s your favorite memory?
What’s a plot hole in the story of a popular film or novel?
What are some things you’re doing to keep yourself motivated?
Who is your intellectual crush?
What post exploded for no reason?
What subreddit surprised you by not only existing but also how many people were subscribed to it?
Who’s your favorite character (from a movie, tv show, video game, book, play, anything) of all time and why?
What is home gym equipment currently selling for in your area?
What are the red flags in a friendship that the person is only using you?
Whats the project you’ve completed while staying in?
What makes you go "uhhhhh"?
What's the funniest thing that has happened to you?
Why did you elope and how did your marriage work out?
Lawyers, what was the dumbest thing the opposing counsel or client tried to get away with?
What does a blowjob actually feel like?
What is the weirdest thing you have experienced when home alone?
People of reddit, What the strangest thing you have seen at a pool or pool party?
What food does adding cheese make so much better?
Governments collapse and laws are no longer a thing, what's the first thing you do?
Food lovers of reddit: When restaurants reopen their inside seating, where are you visiting first and what are you ordering?
How are you keeping yourself sane during these isolationist times?
[NSFW] Redditors in Dead Bedrooms (both high libido and low libido partners), what's something you wish your partner understood?
How would have modern movie tropes, humor and filming style have made the Original Star Wars trilogy (1977-83) better or worse(this does NOT include forced diversity or gender politics)?
What’s your all time favourite quote?
What is the most disappointing movie to you and why?
Medical doctors of reddit, what was your worst fuckup as a doctor?
What movie, series or book did/do you feel emotionally attached with and what is it about?
What's the worst thing you ever done for a cappuccino?
What is your favorite sex position?
What was the moment that made you realise you became a grown adult?
What is the best Jazz song?
Are you a little bit sad? If so, what are you doing about it today?
For non-Americans: When someone tells you that they’re American, what is your first assumption about them?
What did u say that u immediately regretted saying?
What's the worst excuse you've given that sounded fake but wasn't?
A demon appears and states that you will receive a billion dollars if all of your immediate family members (siblings, parents, and children) are unable to get laid for the next decade or else you lose your soul. How would you accomplish this if you can't tell them about the deal?
whats a german version of a weeabou?
What is your favourite game from a genre you don't like?
What is the first thing you will do when the shutdown ends?
What are the craziest, coolest, most far out, right wing, left wing, keep one informed in the crazy world feeds on Twitter?
Redditors working from home, what’s your biggest complaint about office life now?
What was your favorite show as a kid?
What is the most cringey/funny thing you and your friends have done?
What is one subreddit which you wish you had never found?
For those who dont want children, why not?
What really annoys you that shouldn’t?
When did the school bully go too far?
What thoughts or moments from your life does your mind play on repeat when you’re struggling to sleep?
[Serious] Should people who upload as well as download torrents face legal punishment for stealing copyrighted material? Why/why not?
What movie/show couldn't write a good story around a cool idea?
What was your first pet as a child?
What’s the most boring board game? Why?
Women of Reddit, how many times have you pee’d outdoors?
What is a nicer way to say stfu?
Reddit, when did you chose ONLY MONIKA?
What is the scariest, most intense thing that’s ever happened to you?
Who was there for you when nobody else was?
What was your “The risk I took was calculated, but man am I bad at math” moment?
Middle children of Reddit, what are some of your experiences as a middle child?
From a bored redditor to another, what are some not-so-obvious ways to keep entertained in these trying times?
What's an old memory you have that could have been GREAT if that one tiny thing was different?
The post above and below this one is now one single post. What is it about?
What is taboo for no reason?
You have to choose three species to go extinct, what is your pick?
Hi Reddit, what fictional death do you refuse to acknowledge?
If "I Love Lucy" came back on TV, who would you cast as the Ricardos and the Mertzes?
What’s something you know a lot about?
If you could add a fourth option to the game Fuck Marry Kill, what would it be?
How did we get into this alternate timeline and how do we go back?
If you could cross over any two properties or franchises what would they be?
People who post on Reddit, is it that you can't spell, or is it that you don't pay attention in edit?
Bi/lesbian women and bi/gay men of Reddit, when did you realize you were into girls/boys and what happened next?
You are now a genie and the next person who releases you is an entitled prick. How will you screw him over using standard wishes that he would probably ask?
if all humans are reincarnate into objects after death which one you want to be ?
How do you know when you’ve fallen out of love?
What is the most accidentally threatening thing you've ever heard?
What’s a grad quote that won’t age poorly?
If you could go anywhere in the solar system and at any given time, where would you go and when?
If you suddenly learned that reincarnation was real, what would change? Both personally and with the world as a whole?
What song makes you feel nostalgic?
You favorite hobby skills are now your primary murder weapon, what kind of serial killer are you?
What’s your favourite cereal?
What type of test should be required in order to run for government office?
What do you find oddly relaxing?
How can you help with anxiety at home?
What’s the easiest money you’ve ever made?
What's the most unusual thing that you have done out of boredom lately?
What would you think if a kind of hot woman, who was a stranger, blatantly farted in front of you?
Suppose you wake up tomorrow and we've gone back to 2000. How do you decide to spend your time?
How would you tell your best friend you no longer wish to live with them, while preserving the friendship?
What are the most awkward and random questions you can ask?
What tortures you most about your current situation?
You are now a genie. What would be your container?
People of reddit, Whats the strangest thing that has happened to you in a different country?
What's something you can say to your mom, but not your cat?
What smell makes you nostalgic and why?
What’s really at the end of a rainbow?
What spoiler hurted you the most?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
Gamers of Reddit, what video game do you love despite it getting generally bad reviews?
What was the moment that brought you to tears?
What was an embarrassing moment when someone saw you naked?
People who were falsely accused of a crime, what happened?
Limey here: US Healthcare: Are Americans generally positive about the current, US healthcare system? If not, why not? And if you could create it, what would it look like?
What's the most expensive thing you broke as a kid?
What things that can make putin and queen Elizabeth immortals?
You get a time machine for free, where’s the first place in time you go?
People who post pictures with friends on dating apps- do people ever message you asking if your friend in the photo is single rather than being interested in you?
Girls of reddit, what’s your honest opinion about guys that dive into your dms?
What things are you scared of the most?
Is there a sub where the 60 billion bot deleted showerthoughts do to?
Life is now a game. Which creature do you main?
Why are'nt any episodes of the 80s program Solid Gold avaiable on DVD?
Who is your all time celebrity crush?
What if panic never existed?
If we have a future, what do you think it will be like?
What's something that seems really hard to do, but really isn't?
how can someone make money from home right now?
What is the scariest movie you’ve seen?
What’s the best part of having an underbite?
People who joined social fraternities and sororities in college with the hopes that it would also help you professionally, did it?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever heard someone say?
What was your “phase” as a kid or teen?
What's something really easy to do but seems not?
What are some good persuasive speech topics?
What’s an unusual but satisfying hobby you have?
Who is the biggest cartoon bitch ever?
What is something most people can save money on, but don’t?
Reddit, what TV Show or Book has caused you to feel empty after finishing?
Counselors or Therapist of reddit, what is your favorite success story from a patient you've witnessed? [Serious]
What do you do for entertainment during these times?
What’s the saddest thing you learned about someone’s in your high school?
What new innovation does the world desperately need?
Pizza eaters of reddit, do you like pineapple on your pizza, why?
Why don't snack and drink companies sponsor Youtubers more often?
People who played against famous athletes in high school, how did it go?
What year will putin not be the president of russia?
How would you describe the eventful 2020 so far, but with memes alone?
What are some “truths” that you were told as a child that you found out to be untrue after growing up?
What do you think of 90s Pamela Anderson?
Which side hustle are you doing?
What’s your favorite song to sing karaoke too?
If you could communicate only one thing to your pet, what would it be?
What current trend makes your blood boil?
What is the most unethical thing you have seen someone do or say? [Serious]
What’s the difference between a gender and sex reveal?
What’s the first thing you learned to cook?
What a skill that takes 5 minutes or less to learn that everyone should know how to do?
If us humans became extinct, what movie/TV show would best represent human kind to an alien viewer?
What made you realize your alcohol tolerance was a bad sign verse a badge of honor?
Those who don't think trans girls are valid, why don't you?
What fact sounds completely made up but is actually real?
Dear society ,Why do you judge people for doing the smallest things such as making mistakes?
A meteor is about to hit earth in 45 seconds but you have to pee. How do you react?
Persona users of Reddit, how long are y'all going to take to defeat the final boss so we can get on with our lives already?
What’s the best joke you have?
Why has the conspiracy that reddit posters with a lot of karma are paid assets grown in popularity?
What is your favorite RPG with a great story?
All the bars are closed. Described as the drunk guy at the end of the bar, what are your pets doing?
You are on an island and can only have one celebrity with you. Which celebrity would you choose?
If the Magna Carta was bever signed, Richard II never dethroned, the Monarchy still having ultimate power, what do you think the world we live in would be like today, would we have all this technology, would the entire world be speaking English etc?
What is your kink/fetish?
You now have the power of bungee gum which has the properties of both bungee and gum, what do you do with this power?
When push comes to shove, who you gonna mistake for a zombie to settle a score?
People with top posts/comments on r/askreddit, how was your brief moment of fame?
If you could arrest one person in the world, who would it be?
What genetic modification would you most like to have?
What is the one thing about your country that makes you proud?
Who was your first video game crush?
What’s your biggest “We f*cked up” moment?
Dear catfished redditors. How did you handle finding out you were being catfished?
Divorcees of Reddit, what was your breaking point??
With the recent government responses mandating business closures and limiting travel, etc. for the sake of public health, how do you feel about mandatory routine vaccination?
Is there a reason why water from the faucet would kill ants? Just a small droplet touching it and it walking then dying?? Too much chlorine?
What loot would you drop when you die?
What movies should we be watching right now?
Why do we live if we'll all die someday?
What's the most cringeworthy thing you've ever did to get someone to like you?
What is the thing that you say you hate but also love a part of it?
What are your thoughts about having dogs wear collars 24/7 365?
Those of you who donated all your masks to healthcare workers after the CDC said they were unnecessary for anyone else... how do you feel now that they’ve reversed their guidance?
What did someone you were into do that made you stop liking them?
Teachers of Reddit what was the most “Smart Ass” response a student gave you in school?
what are some stories of when your gut feeling/intuition turned out right?
What are some extreme examples of love-hate?
What’s a good song to listen to that is ether rock or a similar genre?
What's is the most inexplicable thing that's ever happened to you?
Redditors, when were you playing truth or dare when things really got out of hand?
When did you realize you were officially an adult?
What is your favorite movie? Why?
What is the question you always wanted to ask but did not blow up in this sub?
What do you miss the most?
What is one thing someone should do before they die?
Redditors with Chinese Lettering Tattoos...if you google translate your tattoo using the Google camera translate feature...what does your tattoo say versus what you wanted it to say?
What would be the human mating sound?
Teachers of Reddit What was the most “Smart ass” response a student gave you in school?
What are you 100% certain of?
Medical people of Reddit, what happens to someone's organs after surgery or transplant?
"Essential" people who are still working, who has the most unessential job?
What's the first thing you would do if tomorrow morning you wake up in a body of the opposite sex?
What's something you did that you're still embarassed about?
What is something that you didn’t realize is essential, and would cause your country to collapse if it shut down?
[Serious] How would American society react if the U.S. explicitly and unambiguously lost a war to the point of surrendering?
What are some good music to listen to?
What movies have really noticeable cliches?
Whats a stupid app that you spend way too much money on?
What are some good YouTube channels to delve into?
What is something you recently discovered that you can't believe you had been missing out on?
Why don’t commercial airplanes allow passengers to see a live feed on their TVs of what the pilots see?
What would be something weird to see in someone’s locker? What have you seen?
What is your shower routine?
Women, if dick size doesn’t matter and it’s truly about how he uses it...what makes a good/bad “use”?
People who brought their desktop computers to coffee shops, what was the reason?
What's the most decadent thing you could put on a chocolate cake?
You can erase one memory from your brain. What would it be and why?
What unexplainable event happed(s) that you think more people should know about?
What are your thoughts in getting take out food right now?
What is the most historical fact you know?
What’s a dream that you wish you could revisit?
Guys only, why or why do you not like getting your toes sucked?
New Yorkers, how you holding up?
What Are Your Not-So-Fun Animal Facts?
People who’s favorite animated Disney movie is a sequel, what is it and why?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
If you woke up in 2030, what would you do first?
What to do when your partner starts to take you for granted?
If you could time travel anywhere from the last hundred years where would you go and why?
Men and women, what it's like having a feminine boyfriend/masculine girlfriend?
Reddit gamers, what was your most craziest rage on a videogame?
About when did early man realize that sex between males and females could cause pregnancy?
What are some underrated sci-fi movies?
What is your favorite 90s movie and why?
What fan base has the most toxic people?
What would you do if you have Mars as a habitable planet?
What really grinds your gears?
College and High School seniors of 2020, how are you coping with cancelled/postponed graduations?
Redditors who used to be in a cult, what was the worst thing you had to do?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What's The Worst Experience You've Had While Abroad?
Would you like multiplayer dreaming? Why and why not?
Which games or apps do you keep a mental list of to remember never to buy or use because their advertisements were so irritating?
What was the best thing you have done to cheer up a child in distress?
What would you NOT change about your past?
What’s something that made you laugh today?
Hey, how’s it hanging?
What’s the most desired thing?
What does your dream bedroom look like?
What event could actually happen to make 2020 even worse?
Guys of Reddit, what is your skincare routine?
What is the is the lowest grade in a class that you had in school?
People with bad credit score (500&lt;) and history, have you ever applied for an FHA loan? What amount, and what was the outcome?
Grateful dead fans what do think about the feedback track at the end of Live Dead?
When have you used the perfect comeback at the perfect time?
How has your anxiety been lately?
Commission artists of Reddit, who was your worst client?
What’s a historical event that is now forgotten but truly shaped its time?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What's something positive that comes out of a situation that's seen as negative?
What's a cat's worst nightmare?
Redditors, where is the line that separates crushes from obsessions?
What are your career goals?
How do you lose weight as a kid?
People who don’t like “The Office”, why?
Ending this once and for all! (Only one source, only one counter from both sides) only 2 genders or can be any number what do you think?
What is illegal but socially acceptable?
What shows would you sneak up in the middle of the night to watch because your parents wouldn't let you watch them?
What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?
What would you do if your stupid junkie cousin was planning to move in your neighbourhood?
What is something that other people get wrong about your demographic? And what would you want them to know?
Teachers of Reddit, how are you teaching your students during confinement?
Road workers, how has the reduced traffic affected your work?
What do you think Vince Vaughn is doing right this second?
What is your all-time favorite song lyric?
What's the most tone-deaf thing you said trying to be funny?
What was the most impactful historical event of your generation?
What was your minor epiphany on an inconsequential thing?
What are some perfect "No u" moments in your life?
[Serious] What song ALWAYS brings you to tears?
[Serious] People with strong political views, what's the one thing the other side believes that you 100% agree with?
What's something you said trying to make a situation less awkward that had the opposite effect?
Asking for a friend. What isn’t a crime but definitely should be?
Redditers that have played and enjoyed ET on the atari, what kept you into it?
What's a kink you didn't think you'd be into, but turns out you are? [NSFW]
What is the Stupidest thing you did accidentaly while you were distracted doing multiple things at the same time ?
Why do athletes, musicians, and actors/actresses get more tattoos as they progressively get more famous?
What TV or movie trends did NOT age well?
What movie quote belongs in another movie?
Technology experts, why do TVs act like diffraction gratings for red, green, and blue light?
What is something you hate that people do, but you do it aswell?
What “mistake” have you made which eventually turned out to be the biggest blessing in disguise?
Of All The Formal Events You've Attended, What Nightmare Scenario Haunts You?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever ate?
What brings you the biggest sense of tranquility?
Fellow users of Reddit, what has someone said that made you lose respect for them instantly?
What’s a brand that you can just never buy the generic of?
What is your favorite color?
What would be good virtual "prizes" for a Zoom party with games?
What is the next big headline that is gonna keep our feeds and minds busy?
how to kill time at home alone ?
How has sheltering in place gone for those of you who decided to do it with a new BF/GF?
What are some of the worst animal names you’ve ever heard?
How do you feel about Joe Rogan?
Who is one band or singer that you're embarrassed to admit you enjoy listening to?
What is the best thing that happened to you this 2020?
What do you think happens after death?
Redditors, what is your guiltiest guilty pleasure?
How are you cursed?
Germans of Reddit, What do you think of the movie Schindler's List?
What is the grossest thing that has ever been in your mouth?
What idea do religious people have of the existence of an actual god?
What item hasn't been lost in the sea?
Polyglots, what’s your favourite language you speak and why?
Male Pornstars of Reddit, do you still fear the fatal ‘Dick Snap’ when filming, when your co-star just hits at the wrong angle and bends a fully hard erection with all their bodily force?
What film would have made a better TV show?
Why do you have multiple Reddit accounts?
What's that pizza place you most enjoy?
What's your favorite idiom?
Frontline personal, what has saved your hope in humanity during this trying time?
You’re spontaneously sent 50,000 years back in time. With everything you know now, how do you contribute to your tribe?
What would be the worst imaginable pizza topping?
Of the new slang, what have you started using and are you okay with it?
What is something everyone needs to do in their life?
[Serious] What’s a good question to ask to get to know someone better on a deeper/more personal level?
Those who live alone, do you ever feel scared of ghosts and stuff? How do you even cope?
Are there Subreddits where new users with low karma can post memes?
Who here thinks Carol FN Baskin is to blame for the Tiger at the Bronx zoo?
What makes you sad?
What’s your favorite food?
What items have greatly increased your Quality of Life?
How does the reality of sleeping in and relaxing all day compare the expectation of sleeping in and relaxing all day?
In your opinion, what makes a good 'Ask Reddit'?
What was your best prank call you ever made?
What’s your take on vaccination in general? Is it true that is has lot of side-effects such as autism?Would you approve that if CDC is doing it intentionally. How other countries work it out with less autism rate?
What's the best joke you've ever heard of?
Where would you go to seek out something new if the solution just doesn't seem to exist on the internet?
How do you make a reason to leave a friend’s place without hurting their feelings?
If all dogs go to heaven, what animals most definitely go to hell?
D&amp;D players/DMs, what’s the strangest thing you’ve done or witnessed during a campaign?
Non US resident Redditors, what is your country's equivalent of Jersey?
What will you predict the 2020s decade will be known for specifically?
What do you think most people are dishonest about?
If you had to work at any fast food joint, which one would you choose?
If you could genetically edit any part of your kid before they were born what would you change?
You get to choose one thing you would like to be born with whether physical, mental or external (money,family,country,race etc.) what do you change and why?
Stoners of reddit, what’s your “too high” moment?
What do you love most about your hobby or interest?
What was the most physical pain you ever felt ?
What is something everybody should know, but few people do?
What could be done to Reddit to make it a bad platform?
if you were going to die tomorrow, what would you do as your last activity?
Why do we NOT learn to be men/women from TV and movies?
Everyone is talking about 2020 being a dumpster fire. What's been good in your life this year?
What's the best TL;DR for your favorite book?
What are some good things to learn / do to better yourself whilst at home for the next few months?
Former and current students of reddit who used to live in a dorm with another person, how did you masturbate?
What do you do when you lose The Game?
People who keep filling the hardware store parking lot with everything going on, what are you shopping for that's so important?
What's something that's gotten better with popularity?
You will give 2 limbs from one animal to your body, what would the limbs be from which animal?
What’s a bad habit you have?
Have you ever had a moment where you saw someone you thought looks like how your future self would look?
When did you first learn about sex?
Where have you been stranded at before and what was the experience like?
What’s a telltale sign you are becoming an adult?
What is the most confusing "glitch" of our body?
Psych professionals of reddit, what resources would you recommend someone who is interested in the field solely for educational purposes but can't afford the education?
How do you suggest we outpizza the hut?
What was your bad non-drug habit and how did you kick it?
What games are you playing with your family during this time?
(Serious) Theist people of Reddit, how do you explain to yourself The Problem of Evil?
What did you invent this weekend?
[Serious] Women of reddit, at what age were you first sexually objectified?
What words do you purposely pronounce incorrectly?
What compliment have you gotten that you still think about today?
What is the saddest creepypasta?
Right person, wrong time; Were you and an ex lover able to find love again after some time apart? If so, what’s your story?
What are some sounds you absolutely cannot stand?
Do you have an internal monologue? Did you know some people don't have one? If not explain how you work through things in your head, through images?
Christians, what is your best evidence the Bible is true (compared to the Quran or any other holy text)?
Which cure will be available in the next 2-5yrs?
What’s your most traumatising public transportation story?
How does someone show PETA followers that what they stand behind is bad?
What do you hope your children never find out about you?
What brand of coffee makes you poop the most?
Couples of Reddit: What is your "love at first sight" story?
Girls who post photos of themselves with no bra, do you make your nipples hard prior to taking it?
People who live or lived in the hood, what’s your hood horror story?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
What phobia you have that you find weird?
What isn't illegal but is extremely socially unacceptable?
How deeply will Socialism explore Donald Trump, while he is bending over during the present crisis?
Did you enjoy prison break, why / why not?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit: What's something you must be prepared as a parent for your children to say to you?
What specific examples of Murphy's law do you insist are true?
Reddit, what video games are your currently playing that are worth checking out this weekend?
Do you believe we are in the middle of world war 3 and why?
If all authors started randomly tweeting facts about their characters like JK Rowling has done, what would be some surprising things we would learn about your favorite book characters?
What's a good first car for a place where the roads are covered with snow 3-8 months a year?
What older movie is still really scary today?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What internet stars met an untimely demise that viewers don’t know about?
People who have changed their gender from what they were born with; is it morally wrong in your eyes for someone to identify as a different race then what they were born as?
Athletes of Reddit, what is the worst workout/routine you've ever had to endure?
What's something new you've been doing lately that you wouldn't normally be doing at all?
[SERIOUS] What are important skills that make you a more useful human being to society?
what is the worst thing you can say at ANY party?
If you're not vegan and say you love animals why do you support animal abuse?
What song are you obsessed with right now?
What is something that isn't getting enough media attention?
Which event in your life was initially horrible, but ended up being a good thing in the long run?
What is a stereotype that you absolutely hate?
Who is your favorite NBA player?
When did you take the blame for a friend?
What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?
What technologies from 2019 would seem like science fiction to people from 1986?
What would be the first thing you would do if you woke up and everything in your house/life was exactly the same, but your family was an entirely different set of people you didn't recognize?
What was the first man to milk a cow trying to do?
Wwe fans of Reddit, what are your thoughts on wrestlemania this year?
Do you remember the last time your post on AskReddit actually quenched a curiosity? If yes then what was the question and what answer satisfied you?
When asked, "say hi to ____ for me" how often do you do it?
What takes a long time to cook or bake that’s worth the wait and effort?
What was ther first or best concert you've ever been to?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
Who is CEO of Penis?
When did you realize “I am only pretending to be an adult”?
What’s a unique pet peeve you have that everyone thinks is ridiculous?
What is your favourite colour?
What movie turned out to be completely different than you expected? Was it better or worse?
What is your favorite state of existence for eggs to be in?
What is the quickest you’ve seen a couple divorce after getting married?
What country rock song would you recommend to someone that doesn't care for most country music?
What’s your favourite fast snack?
While self isolating at home alone, what is an acceptable amount of time to wear a pair of underwear before being compelled to change them?
Looking back, What made you realize you were poor growing up?
What words do you always pronounce wrong?
What happened when you sent that YouTube video to your crush (100% working method)?
What’s something you surprisingly still don’t know how to do?
Who is your favourite actor or actress?
What desserts are easy to make as a beginner baker?
What is the worst thing someone can do to you on social media, that isn't illegal?
What is the best way to respond to the infamous greeting, “what’s up?”
Do you couple kiss after you oral. What do you m and f think. Are you ok with it?
Who wins in a fight between a Great White Shark and a Saltwater Crocodile, given the location allows for a fair fight?
[Serious] What would you upload to YouTube that would better the world, but get you banned from YouTube?
What was your high and your low today?
Should Trump be wearing a mask, why or why not?
How do you all think the rona will affect the rest of our lives ?
Having pushed the massive global ARGHHH button, we've got an opportunity to reset a lot of otherwise entrenched structures. What are some positive things we could use this time to change, to make our world/countries/communities better in the long run?
Which book did Hollywood ruin as a movie, but would have been better as a mini series/series?
How many times do you wash your face a day?
What percentage of Germans either like or idolise Adolf Hitler?
What are some weird things you do when you are trying to get to sleep?
What are some of the weirdest conspiracy theories regarding the current situation?
If you’ve ever spoken and thought “My Mom/Dad would have said it just like that”, do you know why?
Parents of Reddit: Those of us who have kids who are of toddler age, what shows are your kids your kids watching that you also enjoy?
What seemingly little mistake cost you years of inconvenience?
What’s broken about you?
What is the most "anime fanservice" thing you've ever seen happen IRL?
What do you want, zombies, wasteland or just want to watch the world burn?
What questions can scientists still not answer?
Redditor, what accident of yours turned into an absolute masterpiece?
What are your thoughts on teleportation?
Redditors who cook, what's that dish that you've mastered and cannot go wrong with?
[Serious] Nerds, what's something worth learning about?
How do you grow a seedless fruit?
Veterans or currently serving military personnel, why did you decide to join the military?
what’s your favorite name?
What can we (legally) do now that won’t be allowed in 10 years?
Married people on Reddit, what moment did you realize you wanted to spend the rest of your life with your significant other?
What is a food that looks bad but actually tastes good?
What skill have you learned or project you have worked on during this time of isolation?
You should really leave a tip for your servers. That said, when is it acceptable not to tip?
What is something you posted/commented that blew up &amp; you didn't expect it to?
which subreddits are the best places to go for trolling?
Baby sitters of reddit, what was the strangest thing a child has said to you?
People who decide to isolate themselves with someone they were not in a relationship with, how is it going so far?
What’s your strangest childhood memory?
Redditors with friends who want you to post for them because they don't have an account, why don't they just make one?
When, not if, the Chinese take over the world, what are you going to do?
People of reddit, what is the most spine chilling thing you've seen your roommate doing?
Who over 20 has never kissed anyone before and what do you imagine it being like?
Answer any way you'd like; what kind of fish are we, as humans?
If you could live inside a movie/TV show, which would you choose?
You wake up one day and realize your satan’s kid, what do you do?
How has quarantining impacted relationships with your co-prisoners?
Who should we all blame?
What is a wikipedia or similar rabbit hole you would suggest if someone had hours to kill?
Do you think the world is getting ready to end? If so, why?
What is something that you tried that you refused to try before, and ended up loving?
Republicans: What’s one thing that Democrats get wrong about you? Democrats: What’s one thing that Republicans get wrong about you?
Medical students/doctors in America, how are financial issues managed while in medical school when work outside school isn’t allowed? Loan 4+ years worth of rent and food money?
How do you spend time with the family at home?
Since we're sharing personal information, What are some of your core moral beliefs?
You wake up tomorrow morning and find yourself in hell, What did you do to earn a spot there?
What is something that you look at and think "why is this popular"?
What’s something that always make you laugh?
What's something so normal but so horrifying?
What’s the weirdest thing that your piss has smelt of?
How do you feel about Twitter and how often do you tweet?
[Serious] Redditors of The Great Britain, what are you taught about the Horrific colonial history of the British Empire in schools? How familiar are you with india's role in both World Wars? Boer concentration camps? Mau Mau uprising? Bengal Famine, Irish Famine? Etc?
What are some of the most common myths that everyone believes?
Why does mr potato from peppa pig speak in a French accent?
If a person had their 21st birthday during this time, how should they spend it?
Should lottery winners allowed to be anonymous? Why?
People who learned Spanish as a second language how was your experience learning it?
What are some essential card games to know how to play with a standard deck?
How to modify an 4.3 airsoft sniper to be more powerful (pest use) only?
Who are some of your favorite and least favorite comedians?
What are some of the fastest ways to recover from a workout?
In the history of films, who would you say gives the best inspirational speeches?
What's a destination you've visited that you think everyone should see?
What is the origin if your reddit username?
What is a polite way to turn someone down?
What is your reddit post with the most potential that just died in new?
What qualifies as someone growing up with the “silver spoon” for you?
What is your least favorite candy?
Those who like to “be seen”, how is isolation affecting you. Are you doing other things to compensate?
Do you smell your poo? What did your last one smell like?
Necrophiles of reddit, at what state of decay is the corpse most attractive?
How does one apply for unemployment benefits as a freelance musician in multiple states?
Do you believe it's ethical or not to masturbate to someone you know personally? Why or why not?
How would one start a zoo in Australia? What would be the best way to make money to start a zoo?
You have to eat your foreskin with a meal, what meal do you eat it with?
[Serious] Redditors who have changed your last name, what's your story?
Those of you who like Mondays, why?
The Sims players of Reddit, what is that one build you made that you absolutely despise and why?
Students of reddit, since almost all schools are closed what do you miss the least about school?
Massage therapists of Reddit, what are the top mistakes amateurs make when trying to give a massage to their significant other or friend?
What do you hate about reddit?
What do you hate about reddit?
What are some relatively unkown hiphop artists that actually have lyrics?
If you had to be shot somewhere on your body where would you choose?
If you have one or several person with whom you can let it all out and just get everything off your chest without thinking about it, how did you meet them and how did your relationship develop to this stage?
What is the weirdest song to sing during the audition of a singing competition?
What was the first video game you ever played?
Any tips of how can someone get rid of acne without going to the doctor?
What was something that was clearly fake, but turned out as a right prediction?
Gun owners/users of Reddit. What movie/show/game has the worst portrayal of gun ballistics and what happened that was simply unrealistic?
Sweet child, where do we go now?
What does your typical day now look like?
Do you believe french people are real? what evidence do you have to support that?
Have you ever interacted with someone “famous” and if so how did it go ?
You are eating a banana and you take a bite and it makes a crunching noise what do you do?
What do you need to get off your chest?
Any pessimists out there who have found themselves slowly turning more optimistic? If so, why?
What is your favourite thing about reddit?
In need of more songs to listen to! What are some good rock songs/bands to get?
To casino workers, is it true the house always wins, if so how?
People with double lives, what's happening now?
Are drunk words sober thoughts? Why or why not?
You're really irritated, frustrated and amazed by the amount of stupid people out there risking others' life along with theirs...what possibly can you do to achieve that inner peace?
Successful/happy people of reddit, what are your daily routines?
Vets of Reddit, what was your badass soldier moment?
What is karma in the reddit world?
You accidentally logged into Justin Bieber’s Instagram account. What do you post?
What's the nicest thing you've done to someone to hurt them?
You log into Instagram and have 10 million followers. What’s your first post?
You wake up 1000000 years in the future from cryogenic sleep and see that queen elizabeth is ruling the universe. How do you react?
What’s the best courtroom drama or comedy that you’ve ever seen?
What's the best / worst self roast you have ever done on yourself?
You have to eat like a bird for the next 7 days. Which bird do you choose to eat like?
What worked out perfectly?
What form of entertainment will die within our lifetime?
What video game comes to your mind when you hear a video game?
Gamers of Reddit: Excluding water levels, what is the area of your favorite game which you absolutely dread playing through?
What is something in life that makes you super genuinely happy?
What's the first thing you're going to do once distancing orders are removed?
Uber Eats drivers, in what ways have you ever stolen or messed with a customers food?
You can REMOVE 1 inch from anything, how do you cause the most destruction?
What is the most creative or funny thing you ever pulled off?
What made 2016 the best year for you?
What are the best one liners you know?
What video game got you officially hooked on video games and why?
How do you get over a friendship that you didn’t want to end?
What is your biggest fear?
Whats a fantastic name for a female duck?
People who have searched up the face of your favourite radio host, how are you doing now?
On a scale from one to America, how free are you right now?
What in life could really use a “premium” version?
What makes you feel safe and comfortable?
If rage was a song what song would it sound like?
What accomplishment or item do you have to EARN ... otherwise it doesn't count/mean anything to you?
What’s your best Helium Voice story?
What are your insane parent no-privacy moments?
Weed dealers, what are you doing now that weed is legalized in your state?
What is supposed to be scary but is not ?
If you can be any creature from real life, movies,tv shows or mythical and extinct, what would you be and why?
What should you do if youve realized that you do not like 90% of your friends?
People who have had a MFM threesome: how did it happen &amp; how was it?
A secret organization decided to trap you in a house filled with all the furnishings a normal house would have and posted guards everywhere, including the underground tunnels; how do you escape?
Whats cute nickname you call your lover?
When you die you find that you aren't in heaven, but in heaven 0.5. What is heavenlike about heaven 0.5, but not quite heaven?
What's the scariest/funniest/most interesting fact that you know?
When is it acceptable to go Full Karen?
What’s something that you need to rant about?
What is the hardest 'Would you Ratha' you can think of?
Car lovers of Reddit, when and where did you learn to drive a stick shift car?
How do you eat food that’s unappetizing, especially if your parents made them?
Unless you are military or medical personnel, why are you flying right now?
If you could get the answer to one question, what would it be?
What's on your bucket list?
What are some black-and-white movies that are must-sees?
The gamemode of your life is now set from survival to creative for a day, what would you do to get the most out of it?
Question for 'The Stand' experts . What/where is the passage about the battle for the souls of the biblical flood survivors?
To all Americans who use reddit- What is it like to live in the USA? Is America truly the land of opportunity?
What’s the weirdest thing you have caught someone doing?
What are some good ww2 pick up lines?
What is your 'Nobody showed up to the party' story?
What is the best thats what she said moment you have had?
Weightlifters, how are you currently getting exercise?
what is the school/work attire vs at home learning/working attire now? Any significant differences?
If you should choose one interesting piece of information of all others to share with the world, what would it be?
What was the last thing that happened to you in real life that creeped you the fuck out?
Newer used words such as bae, yeet, on fleek, twerk. What new words are starting to become common and their meaning?
What is not really an insult?
What famous quotes from history get better by adding “...to suck that dick”?
Redditors, what’s something that a friend or acquaintance has said/done, that made you think: “you need help”?
How disappointed or relieved are high school seniors about not going to school for their final semester?
What's the biggest bruh moment you've ever had?
What's are some Quotes that you live by?
What side of the shower do you get out of? The side with the faucet? Or the other with nothing? Why?
What was a time you started popping off?
Phone centre workers of Reddit, what is the most frustrating call you have ever taken?
How do you feel about watching black-and-white films?
Which famous person would you like to be bffs with?
What are some apps that make you feel more connected to the world?
(Incorrect answers only) How do you know when it is time to stop masturbating?
What was something you were told to “get over it,” but never did?
What song makes you tear up every time you listen to it?
[Serious]Why do Catholics want to eat bread that they think is the blood of Jesus? Why do they want to eat Jesus?
Lonely people or Reddit, what gets you through the tough times?
Do you also get really depressed after finishing a show, despite the ending not necessarily being sad/bittersweet?
Which Youtuber/Influencer will appear in the history books of the future?
Would you let someone lick the shit out of your anus for $200,000? If no, then why?
Lads and Ladies of reddit, what is the most overrated thing about your gender?
You wake up one day as your SO what's the first thing you do?
What story really needs a movie made about it?
What coming of age movie do you relate to the most?
If dogs were high school stereotypes, which breeds would be who?
Who is your hero and why?
Older compeitive gamers of Reddit (age 35+) which game are you really good at and what is your rank?
Using video game logic, if you died tomorrow what kind of loot would you leave behind?
[Serious] What’s the most fucked up secret you’ve been told that you’re willing to tell the internet?
How can Social Media Influencers create their own “Stimulus Package” for Small Business Owners?
Only Child Redditors: what did you like most about being an only child? Do you wish you had siblings to share your experiences with, or were you content having your parents to yourselves?
To people who dislike seemingly harmless YouTube videos, why?
What was your MOST AWKWARD encounter with a stranger in public?
Why are stores STILL sold out of hand sanitizer, did purell factories just close up shop or what?
What something everyone loves that you secretly find overrated?
If the zombie apocalypse happened. How long do you think you would survive?
The real question is what would you do with out music ?
The year's 3125, and humanity is so advanced that we can travel across universes, what's the first thing you do out of the cryopod?
For those of you who tried treating depression with the help of medication, how’d it go and are there times you would recommend it? [serious]
If your PENIS was magic, what would it do?
People who were revived from death, what's your story and what was it like?
If all the conditions are provided perfectly and genetics are modified to be best. How long can a human live?
What TV series watched reverse chronologically would actually be better?
What is the point of the RoastMe subreddit?
What would you consider as the greatest album ever made? What’s really sets it apart for you?
What cool thing did your ancestor do once?
How do you handle a peeping tom?
All 535 members of the US Congress are thrown into a battle royale. Who wins, and how do they do it?
Why is Goofy considered a person and Pluto considered a pet when they’re both dogs anyway?
What's your secret YouTube obsession?
What is scary to you but normal to others?
What was the moment when no one believed in you, the people would make fun of you, but it turned out to be true?
You are given the ability to control your vision and see an infinite amount of colors by your choice at any given time, even way beyond the visible spectrum, but it takes a heavy price with it. What is the most you are willing to lose in order to achieve this ability?
E-girl fans: What makes you donate large amounts of money to E-girls? Whether it is on twitch or whatever, why do you donate to these girls?
Which two animals would you combine to create the weirdest creature possible?
What REALLY makes your blood boil?
What happened that made you say "This is not my hobby"?
What is your favourite meme?
What are you optimistic about for this week?
How do fear from heights feel?
Thin or Thick crust pizza, and why?
What happens if you have a doctor’s prescription to a controlled substance (like oxycodone or xanax,) and go to jail or prison?
Why does Trump continue to push hydroxychloroquine so aggressively?
What do you think is the saddest thing in the world?
What commercials do you think should be brought back or removed?
Reddit, what is that one “sad song” that you listen to every time you’re sad even though it makes you feel worse?
How come raw cake or muffin batter tastes good but in under cooked cake/muffins the raw flour tastes horrible?
What would you be doing right now, if you could?
What pisses you off the most about school?
I’m 21 today, what advice would you give your 21 year old self?
How does one work for the CIA?
You create a pocket universe with intelligent life and u can travel in there. Of course they treat u like a god, whats the first thing you do?
What website is the best to book cheap flights right now?
How do you measure friendship?
Personal question: Do you feel guilt? What is it about?
(wrong answers only) What does smh mean?
Right after you watch an online lecture video, what should you do to help solidify it in your memory if you didn't take notes while watching it?
Would eating a peanutbutter and honey sandwhich with bananas on it everyday be bad or good?
What makes a joke or meme funny?
If you had the opportunity to be on live TV and say "OK Google..." what would be the rest of the sentence?
People who post horrifying media on reddit or other social media: why?
What was the most subtle way of breaking the 4th wall in a movie?
We're getting a dog! What are some good smart sounding names for a dog?
What’s your funniest sex story?
What’s the worst thing that happened to you because you procrastinated?
What's your most useful "street-smart" piece of advice?
What are some things that really shouldn't be considered funny that you find absolutely hilarious?
What’s your favorite brand rivalry?
What did you have for dinner today?
What song from todays age will be the next RickRoll in 20 years?
What was the longest five minutes of your life?
What are three songs on Donald Trump’s playlist?
People who abruptly changed major in college/university, what made you do it?
If you could give some advice to your younger self what would you say?
If the Jackson 5 and One direction, both in their prime had a brawl who would win and why?
What animal most closely resembles your eating style?
[Serious]Americans, how many of you are paying for health insurance?
Why David Dobrik is so cringy?
It has been documented that women can go full term and deliver whilst being in a coma, what are the chances and/or problems arising with the mother and baby bonding through skin to skin and the mother hearing the baby subconsciously?
What was the first movie to give you nightmares?
Let's pass the time guys! What are your two truths and a lie?
What are the top two condiments you've made sure you have enough of during quarentine?
Aside from 911 and this current plague, what are the defining events of the 21st century so far?
Keep you distance. Why are scrolling down the posts?
Whats a good free editing software?
What do you think about 'no good deed goes unpunished'?
(wrong answers only) What does IKEA mean?
What has been a moment when you've just blown your chances?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
Americans of Reddit, what's the first place you're going to go once this crisis has passed?
What is the most back handed compliment you’ve ever received?
What's the most disturbing police brutality situation that you've ever witnessed or suffered?
[Serious] What is your worst “I’m gonna kill you” moment?
What is the worst Mario Kart track?
World War 3 is going to happen, but they ask you to decide what weapons will be used... what do you choose?
What film do you hate that everyone loves?
[Serious] When things goes haywire and some country's economy falls. Will those countries who recovered quicker becomes the new leading nations?
What do you need to add to poo to make it into plasticine?
What is something we all think but is never ever mentioned in any conversations?
Can you tell us about your friend whom you rarely are in contact with but have a great relationship with when you do get together?
People who visited a friend’s house, what is a “red flag” that stopped you from ever going back there?
If you could live in any anime or tv show which would you choose and why?
What interesting local legends/stories do you know of?
What’s the best way to get rid of a headache?
If your last WhatsApp message were your last words before dying, what would you say?
why does society force people to live decade after decade after decade after decade after decade even if they don’t want to?
What would be the worst thing to have an ejector seat?
Redditors, we are all going through this together. What is something you can share that has helped you get through this difficult time?
What is a hack you used to game the system?
How much money do you think you could make in a night as a reverse stripper ( starting out naked and being paid to put clothes on)?
What movie do you want to watch together/apart then discuss later?
Using one item apart from a gun or a knife how do your scare a child shitless?
You’re an astronaut who’s just floated away from your ship. What do you think of and how do you spend your final minutes?
How do you actually feel about breastfeeding in public?
What's something you wish you could do, but an experience you had makes it difficult?
What is your travel refund/credit horror story?
What’s something an adult told you as a kid that you didn’t understand until later?
If you could be transported into any comic, which one would it be?
Unhappy parents of Reddit, what happened that made you regret having a child?
What sound bugs you the most?
What shows up only when it’s inconvenient?
What is a word you hear everyday you wake up ?
Which incident has taken you the longest to figure out the obvious?
What is the worst thing you can say about Bernie Sanders?
People with snow vision syndrome how has it affected your life ?
What is the most shocking prediction you have ever made that turned out to be correct?
Why are you here at this very moment in your life?
For those of you who struggle with anxiety and/or depression, how do you personally visualize/describe the 'bad' feelings?
What's the smallest thing you've been able to observe?
What moment in you life have made you the happiest so far?
What prized possession of yours ended up stolen or lost?
Redditors who were in high school or college during the 1990s, what moment do you remember when you hear a specific song?
What are some fancy/professional ways to say not very fancy/professional things?
What's the worst named energy drink where you come from? One here is called punched pipeline, apparently fisting juice was taken. Are the people naming them on drugs?
Where within the spectrum of optimism vs pessimism are you and how has that changed throughout your life?
What's your opinion about cognitive behavior therapy?
Cheaters of Reddit, who did you cheat with and why ?
(Serious) Whats a good starter hardtail mountain bike for about 200-400$?
What's something you said that was innocent but the internet took it as "offensive" and attacked you over it?
What makes certain dogs obsessive about chasing a ball, or certain dogs who love swimming, while other dogs either don’t care or absolutely hate water?
[Serious] What’s a story about the smartest person you ever met?
What is something you thought was cute but then realise that it's not?
If Google existed in the 1980s, what would be the top searched items?
When your in the bathroom and someone asks if anyone’s in there what did you say?
What’s your MBTI type?
What is the thing you have no reason to hate, but you hate it anyway?
In your own words, what kind of a friend are you? How do you think you appear before others?
What is something that is supposed to be scary and scares most people, but for some reason just doesn't scare you?
What are some subreddits that deserve more attention?
What are some subreddits that deserve more attention?
What was that moment where you didn't know who's side to be on in an argument?
What was the weirdest thing that you believed when you were a kid?
What was your most AKWARD moment during work?
If you can sue someone, what would you sue for, why, who would it be, and how much would you sue for?
Why did you give up on your childhood dream job?
What's the most inappropriate thing you've seen someone do in public?
If you could delete an entire company from existence which one would you choose and why?
Attractive people of Reddit, when did it hit you that you were good looking?
What is something about you so immense, that, even though you hide it from the world it significantly defines you?
In your opinion , what's take the real courage ?
Men of reddit, if you have thinning hair, would you or would you not use a hair concealer, why or why not?
What is something that if your parents found out about you would die?
Baristas/Customers of Reddit that have successfully started a relationship, what is your story?
What was one of your dream which turned out to be a vision ?
Why are ventilators, masks and other life-saving medical equipment seemingly readily available for companies and celebrities to donate, yet we hear multiple stories about major hospitals lacking in these supplies?
What was the first fictional character death that really hit you hard?
What is something you thought was ok but regret later on?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you in public?
What’s a show that ended WAY too early?
Pet owners of reddit, how did your pet pick you?
What was that “one moment” you still bring up to this day?
When and how was your first time?
[Serious] What’s the first thing you’re going to do once life goes back to normal?
How bad is it for you not having sports in your life?
How do you know you’re not crazy and just hallucinating your whole life?
What is the most damage someone could possibly do with a toothpick?
Those who have experienced racism, what happened and how did it make you feel?
What bizarre lyrics do you ascribe to a song that doesn't have any?
You wake up in 1769, what do you invent first that will make you millions?
(wrong answers only) What does Lmao mean?
Drivers of reddit, what is your best road rage story?
What is the goal of humanity?
Doctors of reddit, when did a patient self diagnose and turn out to be right about it?
How are Gangster Rappers not prosecuted for all the crimes they claim to have committed?
What's wrong with the US education system?
What is your favorite and least favorite thing about having to stay home all day?
People in the United States, what is the worst thing about your state?
You go to sleep for five years then wake up. What do you find?
If you met your best childhood friend again today, would you still be friends? Why?/Why not?
What is your phobia?
What’s something you’d never think of doing in a lucid dream, but is totally worth trying?
What Indie game did you enjoy the most?
Fellow 5yr+ Redditors under 10k karma? Why don't you post more?
What was your worst childhood experience?
If "providing food" is the requirement for being an "essential business", whydoesnt every single business just start selling little packs of nuts and declare themselves an essential business because they're providing food?
What is a subreddit you loathe the most and why?
How has online schooling been going for you?
People who have said no during your vows, why/what happened?
What is one thing you sold that you wish you could get back?
How has your day been?
Should instagram have a dislike button, why should it or why not?
What is something poor people do that keeps them poor?
What was your worst comeback?
Those who view themselves as moderate, what are your views?
People who went blind for short amount of time then got it restored out of the blue, what was the experience like?
What’s the most you have ever weighed?
People of Reddit. What’s the most paranormal activitie you’ve experienced?
What's your favorite snack that's not from your country?
What is your recipe to become a good human or better than you already are ?
People who speak different languages, what language do you laugh in?
What things do people do that make you crease ?
What is something your parent taught you young that saved you later?
Whats your favorite south park quote?
What would you have accomplished if THAT hadn't happened?
[Serious] Redditors who have collected police rewards for information: What’s the story?
What are your favorite snacks from your country?
Physical pen testers (or maybe others) of Reddit, what is your most bizarre story from a job?
What is your stupidest pet peeve?
Your the last person left on earth. What do you do?
What are the signs that you are wasting your life?
What new hobbies have you started due to long-term self isolation?
What’s your most memorable moment with a pet you’ve lost?
What can we do to make the Detroit Lions great again?
Has anyone ever given alcohol to a chicken? Can chickens even get drunk? How would they act?
What are some good subreddits to binge on?
What are some things you only notice when you're an adult?
What piece of fiction is realy important to you? And why?
What is something you can do on mobile Reddit that you can’t do on PC?
St. Nick was born in 280 A.D, Sleds weren't invented until 1880, what would Santa have used as transport before then?
What made you go from loving a celebrity to disliking them?
Women of reddit, what does a life with boobs feel like?
Since there are a lot of bad things going on right now, what was something good that happened to you recently?
What books or stories are giving you “nostrodomos” feelings in today’s climate?
When the queen dies and Prince Charles comes king, will the national anthem be changed to “ god save the king”?
With gaming phones on the rise, what other types of specialty phones could arise over the years?
Have you ever met anyone scary smart? What was that like? Do you still know them?
What are some tips for homeowners buying central air conditioning?
Dog poops on your lawn, owner walks off without picking it up, you watched the whole thing from inside your house. What do you do?
What was your most recent lie?
What's an 'oh shit' moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?
What’s the wildest dream you’ve ever had?
You're applying for the position of God. What are your qualifications?
How much longer can most Americans stay at home when they have no real money coming in?
Reddit dearest, what irrational childhood fears can you look back on and laugh and what ones stuck with you?
What are some interesting free online browser games to play?
What would you do if you had 100% controol over your dreams?
What’s the trick to not caring what other people think about you?
How would you evaluate mankind and would the good outweigh the bad?
What is your favorite Tokyo Drift Meme?
What’s your nickname and how did you get it?
People of Reddit, what’s the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
How much money would it take for you to give up drinking alcohol for the rest of your life?
What have 2020’s shenanigans screwed for you so far?
What is the most savage video on youtube?
Redditors of Reddit, what's your gayest, or in case you are gay, straightest experience ever?
Women of reddit what do you find most confusing about men?
A couple of Australian members of parliament are proposing banning anime (including Pokemon and Astro Boy) for being too sexually explicit for children. Do you agree with this? Why or why not?
What is a good weakness to mention on a job interview?
What's a video that's sure to make you wince?
What’s the difference between hot, handsome, and cute?
What game was overhyped in your opinion?
Veterans/Sailors of reddit, how do you feel about the firing of Captain Crozier?
How was your week?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
Ex robbers/robbers of Reddit, what was that "close call?"
Is having an out of body experience technically considered just entering third person mode? If not why?
Why does the phrase boymom exist, yet girlmom isn't as used?
Did you delay your impending breakup, and how are you handling it?
What's some good free background music?
If you had to describe your life with a song, what would it be?
what movie best describes you?
Where are you supposed to look when someome is taking your forehead temperature?
Redditors who put their glasses and mugs upside down in the kitchen cabinets, why do you do that?
What's the best way to discover new music?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
Reddit, what is the single worst movie you have ever seen?
How would you feel about your boy/girlfriend leaving pics of them and their ex on their insta?
What's your least favourite aspect of your generation?
What do you spend the majority of your disposable (fun) money on?
What grand romantic gesture have you experienced in real life?
(Seriousness) In your darkest moment in your life, how did you keep your will to live?
You’re sent back to the stone age but you get to keep your modern knowledge, what is the first thing you do?
Why is the sky blue?
What to do if your 18-year-old sister downloads Tik Tok?
[Serious] Have recent events caused you to become more interested in emergency preparedness (storing supplies, creating a savings, etc) - Why/Why not?
What is a primitive skill that everyone should learn?
What is a good way to feel productive without putting in much work or actually getting much done?
What do you like about life?
Mt. Dew i.e. the dew from a mountain i.e. the collection of water droplets from blades of grass and plants from a mountain. Does a better name exist for a drink? If yes then what?
How do you apologize properly?
What is your favorite quote from a video game?
What is your internet speed ?
What two unrelated films could have an excellent crossover?
Redditors who have been in comas (Induced or otherwise) or had serious black outs. What was it like waking up?
Change one event in world history in the last 100 years. What has changed and what is the new world light?
What if all the people on the planet time traveled 50 years into the future, how would the planet be any different?
What’s your Disney World/Land horror story?
To all the people who voted for trump, how do you feel about him now?
How do you tell someone to 'fuck off' without swearing?
What is the best rock/metal band and why?
What’s a passive-aggressive insult?
Why is Reddit filled with such mean, and bigoted people?
[Serious] For those who’s live changed overnight by choice, what’s your story?
What’s something you wish you were good at?
What's your "Reality is Stranger than Fiction" story?
What do you think of Tiger King?
What are interesting documentaries on YouTube?
What's some uplifting music that you like to listen to?
What's your "what the hell was I thinking" moment?
college professors, what was the funniest paper a student handed in?
What are the best subreddits to follow?
Students/Teachers, what is the dumbest thing someone had said during class thinking they were smart?
What is the real answer between the fight of Israel and Palestine?
What do you love/hate about the city you currently live in?
What's the most disappointing thing about Millennial men so far?
What’s Some BS Your School Tried To Pull Off?
Gamers of Reddit, if you were able to hear background music like in videogames but IRL, how do you think the music would change in different daily situations?
How do you drive?
Simple but important question - how are you?
What was the biggest "WTF" or "OMG" moment ever when gaming?
What happens if you eat food off the floor, and you have mice in your house?
If you could play one song when you die, what would it be?
You decide to take a trip to Turkey for your vacation. Within minutes of leaving the Turkish airport, you are beaten and mugged by two men while everyone around you just keeps walking. What do you do?
Those who lost your job, did you have any advice for those of us who are about to?
What are you ashamed of?
What boards game have finally seen the light of day recently?
Students who don't turn around then the classroom door opens, why?
What’s a good way to spend 20 bucks?
Is it possible to live a normal life and have trusting relationships if there are things you did in the past (or still think about in the present) that would greatly change the way people saw you? If you have done this, how did you manage it?
What is something that confuses you about the opposite gender?
1 Karma = 1 dollar. How much money do you have? And how will you spend it?
What is "growing up" to you? When did you start to feel grown up?
How much pain until it's no longer funny?
How many people accidentally saw you naked?
How do you drown away the tinnittus before going to sleep?
What person in high school has failed in life, and seeing that gives you joy?
What is the thing that it is correct, but you can't say out loud ?
What’s the worst thing that can break in your home while you’re stuck there?
What is your favorite meme template?
What's a platform worth checking out if you have an hour a day to devote to it?
Masterbaters of Reddit, how long do you last?
People of Reddit, what made you stop your bully?
Dear fast food workers, what’s the funniest thing you saw/heard at the drive-thru?
What Is The Funniest Meme You Have Ever Seen?
What movie!/TV shows you're ashamed to say you like?
[Serious] People who are addicts, what was your rock bottom?
Which would you prefer to own, a crusty bus station or a busty crustacean?
What is something amazing gamers have accomplished in-game?
Did you experience this before? how to deal?
What's the pettiest thing your roommate has done to annoy you recently?
What scary outcome did you get from doing something not very scary?
What never comes in large enough quantities?
What was that time that made you realize you're not as intelligent as you imagine?
People living alone, do you close the door when you pee?
What are some upbeat songs that are actually really dark or sad?
What is one thing you hate that most people love?
How much energy or nutrition do you need in order to feel like you have an accurate self perception of your relation to society?
What is the greatest thing to happen to you in your entire life?
How long does shampoo and body soap/wash last you?
What can we do to make the San Diego Padres great again?
Who is your role model and why?
How much can you trust your neighbors at a time like this?
Reddit, what’s a song that takes you away for it’s duration?
Which Disney Princess Story traumatized/shocked you during your childhood ?
What was the first movie you remember seeing in the theater?
How do you get a question to blow up on AskReddit?
You are now the CEO of a cartoon channel. You are tasked with creating new episodes for any cartoon series that aired at some point between 2000 and 2004. Which show do you bring back?
When has someone said "No" to you?
How did you feel the last time a person close to you told you that they were moving far away?
For those that track steps daily, and are under Stay at Home orders, how has your daily step count been impacted?
In your opinion, out of all the sites out there, what’s the best porn site to visit (straight and gay)?
Would your last meal be different than your stuck on a deserted island meal? What would they be, and why or why not would they be different?
(NSFW) What's the worst injury you've had, and how old were you when it happened?
An alien visits the Earth and states "Take me to your leader." What's your response?
How are you doing?
What's a two sided argument you feel too conflicted about to choose a side?
What are first-hand experiences and information that you may have revolving around rave culture ?
Do you want time travel to be possible, Why / why not?
what is your favorite part about askreddit?
What famous person/celebrity do you share a birthday with?
What was your 'Officer, this post here' moment on reddit?
Whats a weird hobby you have?
Whats the best way to get rid of all those dolphins in Italy?
Depressed people of Reddit, when did you know you needed to seek professional help?
You turn invisible for the next 24 hours, what do you do?
What are your school field trip horror stories?
Musicians and artists, when has someone asked you to perform or create something for them for free and offered to pay with "exposure" or "practice"?
What's the most fucked up thing you've done to get the attention of a girl?
If you relived your life but with knowledge you have know, what would you change, and what if you couldn’t change?
If You Were Given A Real Get Out Jail Free Card What Crime Would You Commit?
What's the stupidest thing you've seen a person do?
Security guards - what did you encounter that was so messed up that you noped out of there?
What is the worst thing that can happen while being alone at night and the light in the hallway turns on?
Who is the most interesting king or queen (or other royalty like emperors) in history and why?
What's a dream of yours that you've given up on? Why?
What is a small thing you do every time you do a certain activity, that you like to think you came up with?
if one must go to a grocery store like Walmart to get supplies, what is the best time of the day to go? when they open or when they're about to close?
IT staff of Reddit: with so many working remotely, what’s some of the most popular tracking software that corporate IT installs to watch us? What do those programs look for, and what are the signs that they’re on our computers?
You are presumed dead and buried but you wake up in your coffin, what are you going to do?
What's the single most unlikely thing that shouldn't have happened to you but still did?
Have you ever smuggled contraband in your ass or vagina - what happened?
How to re-establish civilisation?
What is your least favorite book or movie from your favorite series and why?
What the best impulse buy you have made from an online ad?
What do you think of Leafys return?
How different does sex feel for guys when using condom and without condom?
If you could be born in a year of your choice, what would it be?
What song perfectly describes how you feel ATM?
What was your worst day like?
What do you think the babies will be called in 9 months due to everyone staying home?
What is the most pretentious thing you've ever heard someone say?
What's the best way to respond to "lol"?
LEOs of Reddit, what was your scariest moment in the line of duty?
What do you people think about someone falling for another person online without meeting in person?
What's real life really looks like in real life?
What never lived up to its full potential?
What do you daydream about?
Hey Reddit... What are some “old person” things do you do?
When has someone blown your mind?
Weird dumb question but if the whole world plummets financially isn't that like nothing plummeted? Whats stopping things from going back to what they used to be in a couple months?
People of Reddit, what is your sad moment of the day?
Why can’t squidward work another job if he hates the krusty krab so much? Does he have an education at all?
What makes you laugh the most?
What was really confusing as a child that now seems simple?
Whats one thing about you no one knows about?
What are the your best subreddits?
What is something that everybody seems to love but you just cannot understand why?
what is the best piece of advice you have to give?
what is the weirdest you did to keep a lie alive?
How do you guys keep yourself engaged during this period of time?
If aliens visited you, what's the first thing you would show/teach them?
If you had one time wish from gravity falls what would you wish for (a wish with no limitations)?
People who saw someone your were immediately attracted to and made your move, how did it go?
What's something you've seen/watched that a normal person would be horrified at but didn't faze you as much?
You wake up, its 2060, what is the first thing you search up on google?
In the Batman universe, what are the documentaries on the mysterious “Bat vigilante” like?
What's your biggest fear in life?
Why does no one become a superhero when they get rich?
What is a time you lied at the expense of yourself?
What is the meaning of life?
Redditors who sorts the Top posts of all time in every subreddit they visit, what is your story?
Ever got blocked by a close person or a crush on WhatsApp?Why?
What's a fun video game you refuse to play because it was ruined by the people you played it with the first time?
What are your best house cleaning tips, especially for new house that reeks of dog odor?
[Serious] What's your biggest insecurity? Do you think you know how it formed?
What has it been like to be isolated so far?
What is your favorite word?
What is the worst superpower/superhero?
When have you most wanted to square up with a customer?
Which fictional character could you replace effortlessly and yet do a better job?
Everyone in the world knows the same three languages but they have to use one in three different situations, a default, when they are angry, and when they are attracted to someone. What are they?
Religious people of Reddit, how's your faith holding up?
When do you like to cook on the grill?
What is your favorite quote and why?
What's the most fucked up thing that happend to you at a sleepover?
Who is the best and/or worst world leader of all time?
How much water do you drink a day?
How do you keep yourself from going insane during our current situation?
When did a man actually make you cumm longer than 20 minutes?
What mistake can you not stop making?
Can you try to explain how nostalgia feels?
Employers/interviewers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you have read on someones CV?
What's the best TV Show that no ones watching?
Which artist did you know was going to become huge before they actually did?
What times in your life have you wanted to die, but realised later that there was no point in wanting to die?
At this rate, what will a normal day be like 3 months from now?
What is an in real life glitch?
What is a game that not only takes a long time to complete, but is also highly replayable?
Americans. What are your thoughts on being manipulated by an outside power?
You're on a small boat in the ocean, sinking, 1000's of miles from the land, death imminent - what song do you play on full blast? And why?
How can you make raw vegetables taste better?
What things make you avoid further discussion with the dude ?
What to do after filing PUA form?
You drop a deck of cards and a card goes missing, completely unnoticed. How do you find out it's gone without counting the cards?
In what wacky situations have you been trap into?
Grammar Nazis of reddit, what grammatical error pisses you off the most?
What is the strangest thing you have done to keep yourself entertained?
What is your biggest pet peeve when it comes to your significant other?
For those with children: will you be giving your children their $500 karona bucks? Why or why not?
What is something you would not say to somebody's face but would tell a stranger online?
What has been your biggest regret ever?
How many people have actually pooped their pants in adulthood?
What is something you should think of when you get your first tattoo?
what do you really really hate to do?
Redditors who have been in a long distance relationships or spent a long time apart from your SO - how did you keep the spark alive?
What is the difference when sorting by best, hot and top posts?
What would you say to your younger self if you had the chance?
What is a reference that only a tiny percent of the population will understand?
What is the smartest thing you ever heard that sounded stupid at first?
You have the ability to go back and time and prevent the creation of one video game. Which one do you pick and why?
What are some good, healthy habits you’ve gotten from your Guardians/Parents?
You are a death row inmate. Along with your last meal, you are allowed to watch one episode of whatever show you want. What show/episode are you watching?
What are some things you could do for a significant other's birthday during these times that lives in a different country?
Who is this Rick Astley and will he ever give up on you ?
What's your dream Wrestlemania match?
The world is ending tomorrow, what's the first thing you do?
What has happened to you that you thought would never happen?
You sold some land to developers and you get to name the streets of the new neighborhood. What do you name them?
How much toilet paper do you have remaining?
What’s an oddly specific morbid fact you know?
What souvenir would an alien bring to its world after visiting Earth?
What would have to happen during the rest of 2020 in order to redeem itself as one of the best years ever?
[serious] Those on the front line of Emergency response, what do you tell yourself when trying to keep calm when all hell breaks loose?
What is the difference between a tailor and a silk worker ?
What's something you were told as a child that you still believe as an adult?
Name a time a close friend betrayed you in an unexpected way. What happened?
Which movie would be 100% better if one of the characters was replaced with John Wick? Which character?
What is your favorite recipe that everyone else finds disgusting?
What are some red flags when it comes to dating?
AirBnB Hosts: How are you?
What common references or phrases are forever going to take on a new meaning going forward?
What’re you up to this fine Sunday?
What do you think is going to happen this month?
How many creatures, no matter the size, do you estimate you've killed in your lifetime so far?
What is a focal point in Urban Design?
To people who still support Donald Trump, why?
How can Cliff Bars be healthy, the first ingredient is sugar?
You are tasked with choosing one movie or TV show that will become mandatory viewing globally. What does everyone now have to watch?
What do you predict will be the fashion trend of the 2020’s?
Android users, what is your favorite notification sound?
How often do you feel full?
When and what did you forgive last time?
What caused major cities around the world to become very “touristy”?
Do you believe in afterlife? If so, then why?
If somebody got a hold of all of your browser history, privaty mode, incognito mode how much would you pay for them not to leak it ?
How many people have you ever kissed in your life ?
What's an argument your always having in your head that you can't wait to happen in real life?
What is the scenario in your head that you think about every night whilst trying to get to sleep?
What’s the best song to listen to after a friend betrays you?
What’s the most regretful thing you’ve done during a desperate time?
To those who live in or around Santa Rosa beach (FL, USA).. what are your experiences with the people, business', expenses, and housing?
Whats the best food youve ever eaten?
Redditors in a poly relationship: what are some pros and cons about your relationship?
What shouldn’t you do in public but do anyways?
What makes you relax? Any specific actions, sights, etc.?
which marvel hero is the biggest simp?
"He must study the present in the light of the past for the purpose of the future". What does this quote remind you of?
What to do to make the most in life?
How much Hydrogen Peroxide Solution per 1L of Water to make Drinking Water in a Emergency Situation?
What is the most unappreciated heroic deed you have ever done?
What game would indicate to someone who's tired of multiplayer games?
Men who shave their legs, why?
How do you feel about 5 1/2?
What’s a tv show/movie/book that is so bad it’s actually good?
"... and that's why we can't have nice things". What nice things can't we have and why?
Girls, what do guys do (in terms of appearance) that you don’t like?
If life was a video game what kind of loot would you drop when you die?
It's April, 2019. You are allowed a peak at April 5th, 2020. All you are shown is gas at $1.50, and the streets are empty. What is your assumption as to what is happening?
What are you in the 1% of ?
What's something that you do that you are embarrassed to tell people about?
What type of things are you doing to stay sane while staying at home?
What is the most creepy thing you ever did without being aware of it being creepy in the moment?
How did your school valedictorian turn out after graduation?
You wake up and stuck as the bad guy who killed John Wick's puppy. What do you do?
Whats the strangest or creepiest thing that happend to you being home alone?
What is the most disturbing shower thought you've had?
At what point do you lose your virginity? Like is it as soon as you enter/get entered or like later on?
What's your favourite subreddit?
What is the ONE thing you hate the most?
Parents of Reddit, what do your children do that just irks you a little bit?
What mistakes would you correct if you were given opportunity to relive your life again?
what are some good songs to kill some time, these days?
What makes you unique?
What’s your happy place?
What would the 8 year old version of you think of yourself now?
What were you an unwitting accomplice of?
What was your first ring tone?
Dear Redditors who interact with dead bodies for work, (I.E coroners, people who work in funeral homes) what is your relationship with the deceased like? Also, what are your thoughts on death?
Whats the worst thing you have felt and why you felt it?
Officers Of Reddit, What Is The Creepiest Thing That You Have Experienced While On Patrol At Night?
How can you tell whether you are or aren’t a good person?
To people with underbites, what’s the hardest/worst thing about having one?
People of the Caucus Mountains, how often do you put on lotion?
How can you stop thinking about things that make you angry?
You wake up in a world where cats are as big as dogs and dogs are as big as cats. This applies to one other set of animals. What pair of animals would you choose and why?
What did an ex's family do that was a total dealbreaker?
It's a Saturday, and you realise you're going to be working forever, nonstop. What do you do?
What's the stupidest thing you've seen people arguing over?
What’s on your mind?
Realistically, how long do you think you could last without an income before you find yourself homeless?
What is something that you would like to experience for the first time again?
You wake up and suddenly everyone tells you the truth to every question you ask. What secret do you try and find out right away ?
You wake up, and you're the last person on earth. What would you do first?
What are some of the biggest TURN OFF for you?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit, what was the worst medical case you had to deal with?
What's the thing you wish you could say to someone but can't?
If you could have one thing in unlimited supply other than money, what would you choose?
People who experienced supernatural things, what's your story?
Which public figures do you respect?
Non-judgemental people of Reddit, what’s it like being happy, having friends, and having romantic relationships?
What could you do right at this moment that would fuck with someone 5000 years in the future?
How would a robot lose its virginity?
What are some of the deals companies are offering people during this time?
What's the dumbest way you've lost a bet?
What is something really important that is rarely talked about? [SERIOUS]
Parents of Reddit, what keeps you going the most?
How do bankruptcy lawyers get paid?
There’s a saying “You have to love yourself before you can love others.” What advice do you have for loving yourself?
What are your thoughts on increasing numbers of protests and riots worldwide? Are you against certain protest groups/reasons to protest?
[Serious] People who were against single payer healthcare a few weeks ago, has your opinion changed at all? Why/why not?
Which celebrity are you trying to survive the zombie apocalypse with?
Have you ever realised you didn't stop loving someone after you thought you did, and if so, what happened?
If everything in your home came to life, what would be the scariest thing?
What resources do people mean when they say police resources?
Whats the absolute WORST movie you've ever seen?
Flight Attendants, how are the airlines treating you currently in terms of paid vs unpaid time off?
What’s a moment you regret missing?
For true crime lovers and conspiracy theorists, what unsolved mystery you find interesting but somewhat disturbing?
What's something perfectly legal that shouldn't be?
What product is better when you deviate from the instructions?
How would you describe a perfect friend?
If there was something about your past that you wish to never forget, what would it be?
What's on your bucket list?
What's that embarassing thing that you did back in highschool that sometimes keeps you up at night?
Why do girls squat in photos?
People who still kept to their new year's resolution in 2020, how?
Why are some men so obsessed with virginity?
What are rare underrated events that happen in a lifetime?
What if dreams are a parallel universe where others live there, but when we wake up, they dream our life?
What is the wildest or most insane or creepy story youve ever heard?
What would you do if your dick is stuck on a ceiling fan ?
What is your vibe like right now?
People who are doing okay financially during this crisis, what do you do? (serious)
What was your most saddest moment in gaming?
What Makes You Question Life?
If a person could see what goes inside your head, what can you guarantee that they would find?
If you died, what loot would you drop?
Do all countries do the 'head nod, half smirk' thing when two guys pass each other, like in America? If not, what do other countries do?
What are your parents proud of?
What's something you should think twice before you attempt?
What are wedding registry must haves? What have you found you used the most, not at all, and what you may not have asked for that ended up being a game changer?
To those who are homophobic, but not for religious reasons, what is your reasoning?
If you gained super powers would you be a villian or a hero and why?
Women/gay men of reddit, how can an overweight guy conpensate for his weight to be more attractive towards you?
What’s the weirdest, most disturbing thing you have seen on the internet?
What's the best variation of "There's no use crying over spilt milk" you can think of?
What’s the first thing you do when your CELLS don’t age anymore?
Psychiatrist/psychologists/therapists of reddit, what were the most extreme cases you've ever dealt with?
What fictional character would you hate be stranded on an island with?
What could be wrong with a guy with drool in beard, stiff body, limp, scabby face / is it contagious?
People of reddit, what's something about reddit you can't stand?
What is one dream you had that you will never forget?
What are your theories on why Reddit is such a black hole, that it draws in our attention and makes it nigh impossible to break free?
Previous or current trash collectors, what is the most horrific, funny, or random things you have ever collected?
Reddit, who was the most humourless person you've met so far?
What is you best moment of your life?
Small business owners, how easy/hard it is for you to apply for the SBA loan under the CARES Act?
What is something reddit could do better/differently?
you wake up as your son/daughter in the future. what would you do first?
What is causing so many people to put a space between the last word of the question and the question-mark?
What's an appropriate time to wait before knocking a second time?
What if suddenly doors and windows were gone, what would you do?
What do you NOT give a fuck about?
What are some times you had a gut feeling that something would happen?
[Serious] people with schizophrenia what is like?
How do you stop your phone mic picking up what is going on around it so it can make instant google search suggestions?
People of reddit who's your fave nba team?
What is something your parents had you do as a kid that seems slightly insane now?
if you live alone and get stuck in the bathroom without a phone, what will you do?
What are you ashamed of searching for on Google?
Which animal do you need to sacrifice to which god to lower the world difficulty?
How do you ruin someone's life using less than $25?
What's your go to subreddit?
Non-Americans of Reddit who watched Tiger King, did it change your perception of the U.S.?
If you found $100 on the ground, how would you use it to make money off of it?
Casheres can you tell when someone is high checking out?
If you could relieve any year of your life with the foresight of how that year affected you, what year would you relive and why?
What was your favorite required read from high school?
We all harp on school for teaching us useless skills but besides reading what's something school has taught you that you still use to this day?
Despite everything negative going on these days, in what ways has your life improved over the last few weeks?
When did "I don't need this" turn into "I absolutely need this" for you?
What happened the first time you found out someone liked you, and what was your response?
What would happen if the five richest people in America destroyed all of their money?
How to learn to backflip on a trampoline?
Cashiers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest/stupidest reason a customer has caused a scene over? [serious]
Hey Redditors, who have cut all interpersonal ties and relocated to feel alive again, how did you work up the courage and self-confidence?
What is something you own that is so unique/different than you KNOW nobody else has?
psychological, physical or emotional. What's something good an Ex has left you with?
People Who have visited the Dark Web, What thing you saw freaked you out?
A choose ur own adventure question but the first reply to your comment chooses your fate , it can be as stupid as u want but here's the first choice, you're vibin and a guy steals you're Capri son do you A:ask politely B:call the boys or C:Dropkick him what will you do?
people of Reddit, you can be anything you want. what would you be and why?
Why do ovens use gas marks instead of temperatures on their dials?
What new skill / hobby are you learning as a result of being stuck inside?
what is the worst thing someone has done when they were trying to be nice/helpful?
What’s the saddest sadist thing you’ve ever heard ?
People of Reddit, what do you like/hate about having a sibling?
What's the worst thing your sibling did?
Grocery store workers of reddit, what items have you not had any trouble keeping in stock?
Remember that episode of Malcome in the Middle, where Malcome cursed and Hal made him say a list of curse words right into his face? When did your parents unconventional educational measure turn out to be really effective?
What is the most compelling story you have of kids being stupid?
Your username is the way you die. How do you die?
What Do You Live For?
People often ask Pepsi Vs Coke... BUT how about Dr. Pepper vs Mt. Dew?
Why does it take more effort to lift something up then put it down?
Fellow Foundation employees, which SCP is your favorite and why?
You are forced to lose all your memories but one. What memory do you choose to keep?
In what cringey ways did you try to impress or mimic the 'popular kid' in school?
Hairdressers of reddit, what goes on your mind when clients suggest to "do whatever you want" on their hair?
What was the best fart you’ve ever farted?
What percent of people can swim? Does it change a lot between different countries?
What movie has the greatest opening scene?
JoJo's Fans, what is your favorite part and Jojo?
What’s the farthest you’ve gone to get laid?
What is some advice/tips from somebody trying to loose weight while staying inside?
What are some of the best free resources that people don't know exist?
Whats the scariest/most stressful thing thats ever happened to you?
What is the best place to sit on a rollercoaster?
What do you think is an interesting Job/Occupation. And why?
How are you today?
What is one place parents should never hide their kid's electronics?
If you have the ability to bring back an extincted creature, what would it be?
If you had to choose 1 movie, and 1 actor/actress in that movie, and that one actress/actor would have to play every single character in that movie, which movie would it be and which character?
What was the craziest thing your craziest friend ever did?
How do you feel about getting calls from a friend around once a week to see how things are going?
People who Rick Roll people, why?
What is a scary incident that has happened at your school ?
What is something you wish you could experience for the first time again?
What is the most ridiculous sentence you can come up with using your state or city’s slang?
Grocery store employees, what can we do to make your jobs easier these days?
[Serious] People of reddit, how does anxiety feels like?
How to stop yourself from a texting a girl ?
Dear reddit, Are hotdogs sandwhiches?
If you could ask the advice of an oracle, what would your question be?
What is cool about life?
You fall asleep and wake up as the last thing or person you saw on tv. What you do?
Porn addicts, how did you realized you are addicted to porn and what was the consequences of it?
What’s the coolest thing a teacher did?
What do you think is the biggest scam?
What was your favorite part about 2019?
What is something you consider under-appreciated in today’s world?
Why is sex seen as evil these days?
how do some people not eat and not lose weight?
What’s the most chilling or scary real story that’s ever happened to you?
How Could One Video-Edit and Hack Live Broadcast?
Do you think that the multiverse is real? Why or why not?
What cultural norms do you think are counterproductive in society?
what fucks you up the most?
What memory do you have to SCREAM out of your head?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done ?
Cooks of reddit, what dish challenges you way more than it should?
What stereotype annoys you?
If the world was going to end in exactly 1 hour from right now, what things would you do?
People with an academic degree, what’s your profession and how do you like it?
Before this all went sideways, what was the last thing you did that you aren’t allowed to do now?
Is it considered fanart if you select an image of a show and draw the same thing on paper?
What is the oldest post from reddit you know of?
What's your favorite Bible story?
What event did your ex ruin that you wish you could do over without them?
What is it like to touch a boob?
What embarrassing events keep you up at night, even though they happened a long time ago?
What brand toilet paper was your favorite? Has it changed since the shitdown?
Redditors. If when you reached 18 years old, you had to “build your character”, you had to pick 3 strengths and 3 flaws for you character. These traits and flaws would follow you for the rest of your life, what would they be?
[Serious][NSFW] Reddit, share your sex skills! What unusual activities (from foreplay to afterplay) you performed were well-received by your partner?
What came first chicken or egg?
People who were kidnapped, what happened?
People of reddit, What to do if your crush rejects you then makes you cry all night?
You can go back in time to be someone's twin. Who do you pick and why?
You are god and you can create/destroy one thing. What is that thing?
How likely are we to head into another Great Depression?
Service workers, what was that one customer you were afraid of?
Over the last few weeks, you are not impressed with someone, you find out they have been breaking down time after time for 4 years, ; how do you help them and gain a new lifelong friend or brother?
Whats a duel to the death youd give everything to see?
What is the moral status of masturbating to strangers on social media and why? Does it matter *who* those people are?
What’s something you can never remember on the spot even though you know you know it?
If the role of Dominic Toretto were to be recast, who would be the worst decision? Why?
People who died but were able to be brought back, what do you remember being between life and death?
What actors/actresses have you binge-watched the filmography of if any?
Nympho Redditors and Social Butterflies, where do you find people to have a dirty chat on this trying times?
Redditors, how do you forgive yourself and stop reminding every mistake you have done in your life?
What is the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
What is something a lot of people say “would never happen in real life” that’s happened to you?
If animals had keyboards, what would each one's look like?
Cameramen/women who film porn, what was your first experience like?
What is the saddest anime scene?
Why does premium porn cost so much?? Means there's no effort involved, only pleasure &amp; pornstars are a disgrace to the country??
You wake up in 2000 what would be your first thought?
People with asthma, what is the weirdest thing you've done with your inhaler?
what's the best idea you ever had?
How would you classify cooking skills?
A group of aliens is doing gastronomy tourism and stops by Earth. They want to try 3 meals that best represent the culinary of our world. What should they eat?
People who have had lucid dreams, what was it like?
What's the weirdest compliment you've ever received?
When did your great plan go horribly wrong?
You and your least favorite singer/actor are the last people on the planet. How bad is it?
Would a snake be faster with or without legs and why?
Whats the Worst thing you saw a police man do?
You'll will 1 million dollars to sit in a box with nothing but a sleeping mat and toilet for a week in complete darkness. Food and drink will be shoved through a small hole twice a day. What mind games would you play with yourself to cope through the darkness and isolation?
People living outside of Florida, what region of your state or country has a reputation for the kind of news we’d expect from FloridaMan?
Redditors, What TV shows are you binging to kill the time ?
Why would you begin a relationship with someone knowing beforehand they had a terminal illness?
What are your REAL thoughts and opinions on Fortnite and its community?
Reddit what is the thing you have seen on the internet that you wish you could erase from your memory?
Redditors, what Is the worst pick up line that someone tried to get you with?
What Is The Dumbest Thing A School Did To Get Money?
What is the cringiest thing that you have ever done?
how was your week?
What's the funniest thing you would say to someone who is pointing a loaded gun to your head?
Class of 2020, what is your school doing for your graduation?
What was your last fear?
What's the worst pain you've ever experienced?
Cold water or room temperature water and why?
Redditors, How are you killing your time?
[Serious] How much noise do you make during sex? How much do you want from your partner?
Whats the best meme that you've seen?
What is something weird about the US?
Fast food workers of reddit, what are some things that the average person wouldn’t know about fast food joints that they probably should?
If the purge really happened which crime would you commit?
Hand washers of Reddit: how cracked are your hands?
Which big name actor would you want to see in Sharknado just for the fun of it?
Why is TikTok so hated but still so popular?
How much has your Karma Risen or Fallen since Quarentine?
What was your best hotel experience?
Would you sit in a room by yourself for 30 minutes for $1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000? Why or why not?
What was the scariest or most dangerous moment or your life that you managed to escape by dumb luck or impulse thinking?
[SERIOUS] Have you went against a strong gut feeling? Why, What happened, and do you regret it?
Wild animals of reddit that have functioning computers and internet connections for tricking humans to go on off-trail hikes, how are you guys holding up now that your food source has dwindled?
At what age did you start having body image issues? Why (optional)?
Book writers of Reddit, how/where did you come up with the idea for your book?
Whats your horror story of isolation so far?
[SERIOUS] How has someone you once hated redeemed themselves in your eyes?
You gain the ability to introduce one insult into common parlance. What is it and who is it used for?
Redditors with a home tv projector: what's your set up look like (ceiling mount, floating shelf, coffee table)?
Why is the because because of the why being the because?
People who hoarded toilet paper do you feel dumb yet?
rather freckles or no freckles? why?
What's a goal you will never accomplish no matter how hard you try?
What's something everyone should try once in their lifetime?
What situations would it take to bring out your greedy side?
What are your current personal hygiene and fashion standards?
Why does not the USA have a "Vote of no confidence" in its constitution?
People who woke up from coma after a year or more, what news were you most surprised with?
People with extreme OCD, how are you coping with the current situation?
Ex Disney employees of reddit, what’s something Disney doesn’t want us to know about?
What drink/food did you like until they changed the recipe and now you hate?
If you could go into the past and change 1 event what would you change?
[SERIOUS] What’s a time you’ve been more drunk/high than you thought, and didn’t realize until after you did something stupid?
What's the strangest subreddit you have come across in your time on Reddit?
What’s a movie that you saw in the theater that was so bad you left before it was over?
What’s a conspiracy theory that you don’t believe in, but love reading about?
What do you hate about social media?
What is your favorite fairytale?
What is an actor that didn’t get enough credit for their performance because they played the bad guy?
What is the greatest dick move in all of history?
Priests/Pastors of Reddit: What made you chose that profession?
How are US highways and interstates numbered? What's the difference between US highways and interstates?
What’s worse than starting a marathon shit only to find out you don’t have your cell phone with you?
How would you finish this sentence? Yeah sex is cool, but have you ever....?
If you could have one Pokemon in real life, what would it be?
Reddit, what is something you thought was normal as a kid, only to realize later in life it was not normal in any way?
What person made a small mistake and will forever be hated for it?
Need data for a scientific study: Which side of the sandwich do you start eating from? The top, curvy side, or the bottom, straight side?
Those with ADD/ Inattentiveness, what it the hardest activity/ thing for you to make it through?
What’s the worst film directed by your favorite director?
What's your favorite quote from the Shrek movies?
You have a month left to live and have all the means to do everything you want. What you do?
People who turned down a once in a lifetime opportunity, why?
To all JoJo fans Where do you watch the JoJo series and what order does it go it?
What is the worst nightmare you’ve ever had?
Whats the most irresponsible thing you've done as a parent?
What is your favorite fruit?
Who is your number one fan/supporter?
What is a 'wise motto' that ruins people more than helps them?
Whats the most irresponsible thing you have done at work?
Ladies of Reddit: you're doing doggie style. Ass play yes or no, how much, and why?
What is a good way to ask your partner to stop chewing so loud?
Women of Reddit, what is something that men do that confuses you?
When was the last time when you honestly felt appreciated or loved?
What are some good non-console games to play virtually with friends?
If you randomly just saw God in person, what would you say to him?
What is you favourite starter pokemon ?
What's the funniest video you've ever watched?
What are the top “ear worm” songs you can’t get out of your head if you hear it?
Why aren’t there more meaningful relationships out there when that’s what everyone wants?
Of all the trends that have happened over the years, which ones have been your favorite?
What was a time you roasted somebody they tried to roast you but you had a smooth comeback?
Really hate the sounds of people eating/breathing. What are sounds that make you uncomfortable?
What Would Make You Happy Right Now?
Why is Cardi B famous?
What do you think about Instagram organic growth?
What is a fact that not many people know?
If you could travel anywhere in a blink of an eye, where would you go?
How do you measure the amount of work someone does?
Redditors, what is the best way to win rock, paper, scissors?
When you use the bathroom in your home, if it’s yellow, do you let it mellow or straight flush afterwards ?
If you had to spend the rest of your live in one single location where would it be? It has to be a place in a country and not the country itself?
What tasks/experiences are better when they're boring?
What is the funniest thing that you've seen that's not supposed to be funny?
What is a great show/film series ruined by a terrible fanbase?
You wake up and it's 4020. What you do?
You’re in charge of assessing the candidates putting themselves forward as the leader of your country. What questions do you ask and how do you assess them?
What do you appreciate the most about your country and what gave you that perspective to appreciate it?
Doorbell rings, you answer and see Captain Planet staring at you, what did you do that made him visit you?
If our universe got an update, what would get patched?
How often do you poop and why?
What’s your favorite scary movie trope?
What’s the most insightful thing you’ve heard a small child say?
What are good video games to play on PS4?
What’s a small thing you did that lead to big consequences?
Some of us (myself included) was picked on or bullied in our lives. How do you recover from such experiences?
what d o you prefer cuddling or making out?
What was your last dream?
When were you deceived by someone charming?
Your significant others suspects you of cheating (which you are), what is your go to defense?
People who use 2 ply toilet roll: When did this fetish start and have you always been a pervert?
[Serious] What’s a creepy post or subreddit you feel never got the attention it deserved?
What’s the meanest thing someone has ever said to you?
What are some good ww2 pick up lines?
You get a billion dollars to let prime Mike Tyson punch you. You get to pick face or body shot. Which do you pick and why?
What is the stupidest thing you've done because someone dared you to do it?
What’s the most interesting Original Content you’ve seen on Reddit?
What was the most "Bro WTF" moment that has happened to you?
In your opinion, what makes humanity successful?
People who have Doggie Doors - do other animals ever come into your house? Like stray dogs and cats, squirrels, rats, etc?
Who are some good youtubers who do dark or adult humor?
What's a risk that you took that you DO NOT regret?
People who have been blocked by celebrities on social media: what's your story?
Simple questions,what’s your major in college and why did you picked it? (Serious)
Which country or culture has the most contempt for another?
What cliché annoys the heck out of you?
If there was a way to communicate with mosquitoes, what would you say to them to make sure they never bite you?
For people that have moved away from your hometowns, what made you want to move away? Also, what factors helped you decide on where you wanted to relocate to?
Middle class and wealthy people who realized money doesn’t buy happiness, why?
What are you hiding?
What is your favorite quote?
In your opinion , what's the primary cause of loneliness ?
If you had the instant cure to Corvid19, but you only had enough to save 4 people, who would they be?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told someone ?
Who was your first celebrity crush and what was it that drew you to them?
If you could bring one singer or one band back to realm of the living, who would it be and why?
What are things hated due to instagram?
What’re some unrealistic expectations people commonly have?
What’s the best music video of all time?
How does the Flu cause abdominal issues?
Who is the most unfunny comedian of all time?
What's your best pick-up line?
What about your job or hobby is really difficult and why do you keep doing it?
What’s the your scariest hospital experiences?
What instrument would you be willing to try learning?
We’re building a plane...while flying a plane. What business metaphors have you heard?
What was an extremely smart move that you didn't realize was smart until later?
What would make you happy right now?
What would be your vehicle of choice for a zombie apocalypse?
What’s the scariest movie you’ve ever seen?
Retail workers of Reddit, who was the worst customer you had to deal with so far and how did you deal with them?
Everyone always talks about things that they were so lucky to have happen in their lifetimes, but what are some things you were unlucky to not happen in your lifetime?
When you die, where is the strangest place you would put your corpse?
If you could turn any movie into a horror movie, what would be your choice?
You just walked in to the scene of whatever you're watching on TV, what do you do, or say?
People who answer AskReddit questions, why?
If you were a printer at an office, what kind of printer would you be to each person?
Psychologists of reddit; what's the most profound thing you've learnt about existence from a patient?
What is an achievement that demands as much respect as serving in the military besides serving in the military?
what habit you thought is normal, but really isn't?
What show or song is nobody watching/listening to?
What obsolete items do you still own?
You wake up and the year is 1900. You still have your smartphone with you with 10% battery, no internet access but still have your photos saved. How would you cause the most chaos?
A portal suddenly appeared in your room, what would you do ?
Who is your biggest support in life?
What made you realize someone was actually smart?
People who sell prosthetic legs, which is more common the left or the right?
How would you feel about a governmental public program for a monthly payment to all without a means test or work requirement?
How would the pets be affected if they were raised in long term spacecraft?
What are some common phrases that are improved upon when you add “mother fucker” to the end?
High school is mentally and physically tiring for some people, myself included. How were you able to cope with it?
How are you guys occupying yourselves during self isolation?
What is something that is very overrated?
Whats supposed to be scary but is not?
What is the best thing to do if your being followed?
Fellow loners of Reddit, how would you approach a girl you like?
If you had a billion dollars, what would you to with it in todays world?
How and when do you think this will end?
If you could add something from today's technology to an old movie where said thing didn't exist, what would it be and how would it change the plot?
What looks extremely hard but actually is very easy?
What scary story have you heard and wished it happened to you just so you can proudly show off and tell people?
Who is the person you love the most?
How to address a family member doing illegal substances? [Serious]
What was the most satisfying punch you ever threw?
Which puns are so bad that they are already good again?
What extreme stuff have you done?
You wake up with the power of a necromancer you can turn any corps into a undead and it will keep half the skills it has when it was alive (For example a athlete will now only run half as fast) how do you make this work in your favor the most without getting killed or locked-up?
What was the last imaginary argument or conversation you acted out alone in the shower?
Athletes of Reddit, what is a sport that you would like to practice but it's too late?
hey reddit .. what do you do when you're sad ?
What’s a facial hair no-no?
What is the most romantic thing you ever have done ?
What imaginary scenario are you quietly seething about right now?
The 5g theory doing the rounds right now is insane. What's your take?
Which flavour of ice cream is your favorite ?
What's the best/worst thing you've heard using iPhones live listen?
Have you ever wished death upon someone you know personally? If so, why?
Whats the most horniest thing you've ever done?
When is the best time to stock up on emergency food and supplies?
If you had to pick between playing monster hunter world or DBZ kakarot which game would you play?
Imagine waking up tomorrow as Ant-Man, what would you do with your new-found superpowers?
What are the most misunderstood last words in history?
So, why exactly isn't Bruce Wayne blamed for this current global freaky thingy?
At what point did you think, “Yep, time to see a therapist”?
People of Reddit, what is the weirdest or scariest dream you have ever had?
Owners of hotels, restaurants &amp; resorts, how are you coping with the sudden decline in business?
How many subreddits do you follow? And do you mainly use Reddit for fun/entertainment/hobbies or news/politics?
What’s your scariest elevator experience?
What's a movie you can watch several times?
Which sub feels the most like a Facebook Group?
If you had the expertise of being a master thief that pickpocket to rob high-end banks and storage facilities, what will you steal first and what will you do with it?
What resolved itself after you healed your gut?
What's something about current pop culture that kids of the future are going to be making fun of?
Who was your creepiest teacher?
Why you hate justin Bieber ?
Reddit, what is your favourite story to tell?
People who’ve died and come back, what was it like?
If u could go back in time but spend 1,000 dollars. Would you? If so why and when?
What sound or smell transcends time and space placing you back in an exact spot at an exact moment?
People of Reddit, What is the worst thing that happened to you in school?
What is it supposed to do with the hand not in use while brushing teeth?
What's your favourite riddle?
In which year will flying cars be introduced in our world ?
What's one thing you don't get often but when you do it's REALLY bad?
What would be the most interesting thing to do as a ghost?
What is some advice for curbing an addiction? (Nicotine personally) [Serious]
Whats something you think is awsome, but everyone else hates?
Should Reddit have the right to censor any content they want for whatever reason they want? Why or why not?
What was the weirdest thing you’ve seen in real life?
The last thing u said is now your name. What is it?
Hey all. How are you doing?
If you could have one question answered, what would it be?
Hey folks of reddit, what makes you immediately think with irritation, “A man must’ve made this.”?
Men of reddit, what are some of the most awkward situations you have gotten a boner?
What are you most picky about?
What is a weird but interesting fact you know of that not many people do?
Is there a sub reddit where stoners share their deepest thoughts or epiphanies ?
Parents of reddit, how do you react when a sex scene comes in a movie you are watching with your chlid?
Nympho Redditors, how are y'all nowadays? What are your ways to survive the boredom of not meeting no one new?
What topic do you wish you had learned in 2nd, 3rd, or 4th grade?
What is the worst thing your pet has done?
Law enforcement of Reddit what law do you see violated often yet don't care to enforce?
How often do you and your SO have sex per week?
Where are you going just to get out?
What’s the story on whether or not it is immoral or illegal to buy wholesale face masks and resell them on rBay?
How would you describe the world we currently live in?
Which movie has the best meme potential?
What subject can you not make a meme about?
People of Reddit who speak different languages with both of their parents, how proficient are you in all those languages?
what’s the most interesting youtube channel?
People that have more than one reddit account. What do you use the other accounts for?
[Serious] What is the most shameful thing you've ever said/done? And has it affected how you live your life today?
What is your number one comfort food that you’ll drive 15+ miles to get?
What will be the next thing people will panic buy?
What color on a rubix cube do you look at the least?
Both you and a turtle will be given $10,000,000 and immortality, but if the turtle touches you, you will die. The turtle always knows where you are and slowly follows you wherever you go. What do you do?
If you could travel back in time to December 2019, what would you do?
What personal memory do you wish you can get rid of but can't?
Which "premium" thing is actually worth paying for?
What is something weird about the UK?
How many of hours of sleep do you need?
What is the worst way a minor lie has ever backfired on you?
In the routine of life, who is a “familiar stranger” you wonder about? Who is a stranger you see all the time and wonder about?
What are some of the most useful Scribd books/documents to have post-apocolypse?
What was the first computer/video game that you completed (and what format)?
If you saw some neighborhood rednecks on their porch with some shotguns how would you expect anyone you mention it to to respond?
When you push the red button you get a million dollar but there is 1/x chance you die. How big does x need to be before you push?
College students that have had to go from completely classroom to completely online because of this time, how has it been for you so far?
People who don't like their roommate/s, how's it going with them?
Why you hate yourself ?
What’s your strangest pet peeve?
People of reddit who have been accused of having schizophrenia for a comment or story you told, what did you say that people wouldn't believe?
What do you do to feel less lonely?
Redditors who have been raised in a cult, what did it feel like and how do you regret it?
What would social media be like in a war? Will the mages be casting a lot of spells on people or will most of us just not matter even if we are pissing them off?
What’s your “I was in the right place at the right time” story?
What is a more formal way of saying "shit" in normal day-to-day conversation?
If u had to run 50 miles with no training but earn 100 dollars if completed would u do it? Why?
Why do you have a hard time loving yourself?
When are we getting flying cars?
What was the first thing you remember googling?
For those with low income/middle class that suddenly became millionaire or billionaire. How u made it? How it feels? How it feels physically?
What goes first cereal or milk?
If you can’t remember what day it is without looking at your phone, then how can you (and all kids at home) be certain you’re brushing your teeth on a regular basis?
What is your tell that you’re intoxicated (as detected by significant others, friends) ?
Females of Reddit, what's a way you show you like someone?
What do you believe are some of the worst things that Marilyn Manson might have done, before he became more, tame?
Americans: what are things about other countries that surprise you when you visit?
What are some of your favorite off-brands of an every day object or food?
What are you most looking forward to after isolation ends??
What are some famous peoples full names?
What's the worst thing your neighbor/ roommates have done while in your life?
What's your favorite instrument, and why?
Hollywood finally adepts your biopic. Who should be casted as the lead actor/actress and why?
What are things you don't like but tolerate anyway?
[Serious] How do you not get angry hearing world news these days?
If a quiz is quizzical, then what's a test?
Why don’t homeless people just get a job?
What is one thing you can do in a video game that you want to be able to do in real life?
Why are you happier than ever?
What was your most expensive beer?
Do you like the smell of your own farts? Why or why not?
What toilet paper brand do you like the most?
What would you attempt if you knew you couldn't fail?
You're able to travel back to 1347 in Verona Italy. You're able to bring three objects from the current time with you. What do you bring?
Who’s the biggest simp at your school and what did they do?
People who grew up poor - what would you say growing up that way has taught you, that someone better off may not have learnt?
What is the rarest word people don't know ?
What’s an AskReddit question that you have seen reappear here a frustrating number of times?
What invention would you like to be the creator of and why?
Do you like Apple products? Why or why not?
What’s the craziest story you’ve heard from an elderly person?
What is your best childhood memory?
What in your opinion when does a person become a man, as in when do they become considered a grown up?
What would pee and poo masonry involve?
what books would you recommend for light reading?
What TV commercial made an impact on you?
As a UK citizens we have some quite stupid people. What has been the silliest question a UK person has asked you?
If a premium version of sheep were to exist, what features would they include?
What is the dumbest shit you have ever done to get your crush to like you?
There have been 75 mass shootings so far this year. Which ones did the media completely ignore?
If you had a pull-string attached to your back, what phrases would be said when activated?
What religious/traditional superstition do you know of which you do or don't believe in?
[Serious] What’s stopping you?
When they invented the watch, how did they know what time it was to be able to set it?
have you ever had an ugly argument with a redditor in one thread, and had a wholesome conversation in another without realizing at first it was the same person? what happened?
What are people going to avoid saying about you after you die, even though it's true?
How do you revive a pizza ?
What is something that almost everyone owns but you don’t? Why?
What social stigma do you hate?
[Serious] People of color/lgbtq+ how have people discriminated against you and how can we help?
Did you leave the house today? What was it like?
If you were to start a company what would be your company logo?
You can have the top post of all time on any subreddit you want. Which subreddit is it and what is the post about?
What sounds false but completely true?
Boxers of Reddit, what experience do you have fighting outside of the ring?
You have a million dollars but you can only spend it at Spencers, what do you do?
Why do we like taking drugs and listening to music?
Why do they have to say the name of the spells while performing them in Harry Potter movies but in many other scenes they don't have to?
What kind of bear is best?
You can make 3 rules that last for 24 hours that everyone has to follow or they die. What are they?
What are some illegal life hacks?
What seemingly angry person, is really just your friend in disguise but trying to prove a point at the moment by speaking out loud, and in all reason do you blame him?
Who do you prefer filthyfrank, maxmoefoe or idubbzz ?
If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
People who have recently contacted an old flame / ex, why?
What’s your least favorite possession that you can’t get rid of?
Where is your behemoth?
What is the most terrifying dream you've ever had?
You wake up, and see this on your phone “(your name) found dead.” What do you do?
If you could pick one person who isn't a relative or friend to survive all of this, who would it be?
How would you describe the world we live in?
America, how do you explain Florida?
Who’s the pickiest eater that you know and what makes them so picky?
What was your most outrageous birthday wish?
Security guards of reddit what’s the strangest thing you stopped someone for?
Why is the dark scary to you?
People who comment but dont upvote, Why?
So, how was your day?
[SERIOUS] What's the best way in your opinion to make friends on the internet ?
Redditors involved in theater, dance, etc. What is some beef that happened during the performance/offstage that the audience didn't know about?
Vegans of Reddit, why?
If you could say one thing to your pet, what would it be and why?
What's the worst conversation you ever had with a girl ?
What’s been your go to sweet treat to eat during this time?
What is a small and forgettable task you do daily that actually has a much bigger positive/negative impact on you or the world around you?
What is the most lazily moderated subreddit?
What is your most embaressed "i peed myself" moment (F/M)?
What are things people get jealous of, but shouldn’t?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever done in front of somebody?
Why is Internet so Evil ?
If you could change anything about the world and you had unlimited magical power, what would you do?
Why the long face?
What are your thoughts on cremation as a means to dispose of the remains of the dead?
What evergreen songs are still best ?
Why has the universe stopped outside your home?
Which is a better game dark souls or dark souls 3 ?
What bands other than Blink 182 could be heard at a typical American Pie movie kind of party?
If you died and became a ghost who would you haunt and why?
What is something that is widely thought to be impossible that you have seen done/done yourself?
Have you washed your hands today? If not why?
Dj's of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you ever saw in the crowd?
What's the best fight you ever have ?
Immigrants of Reddit, Why would u come here and not learn English?
Reddit, what are your biggest two-faced person stories?
Parents of reddit, how much of your parenting is done by instinct vs advice from friends/family vs internet/book research?
What scar (where is it) has the best story behind it? What is that story?
Strong and powerful brethren of Reddit who never fail to succeed in the worst of time and have great minds upon great shoulders with respect for all living things and a great esteem of all people what will you be conquering and dominating next week?
What things are perfect and will not have a version 2.0 of them?
What moment made you realize the phrase "Friends come and go, family is forever." is a load of horse manure?
You are able to double anything but you can only do it once, what would you double and why?
Gnight from UK, What's your favourite thing to do before trying to sleep ( keep it clean)??
If there was one place in the world you could travel to for free, where would you?
What's something that doesn't fail to make your day better?
What is some cursed knowledge that you have learnt throughout your life?
What was the worst group project experience you’ve ever had to deal with?
What is the best sentence you never thought you would say?
What's the best $30 you've ever spent?
Which companies seriously fucked themselves over?
When was your childhood ruined?
If ghosts can pass through walls, why don't they fall through the floor?
How do friends work?
What must have been the most hilarious death in history?
What’s a good family-friendly show to watch with kids who are 5 and 7 that’s entertaining for the adults too?
How's your mental health after a month of isolation?
Unwanted children of reddit, how did you find out? How did it affect your life,if at all?
What was your greatest "Well, that was unexpected." moment?
What are some things that you liked and discovered before they became mainstream and how does that make you feel towards it now?
You can ask any living person 1 question that they must give an honest, complete answer. Who do you choose, and what do you ask?
What can you casually say in 2020 that would've sounded insane in 2019?
What are your best memories of being an Alpha Male?
Who DO we need an inspirational message from right now?
Millionaires of reddit, how did you make your money?
You and your friend are in psychological war. How do you mildly annoy them/inconvenience them as much as possible?
Do you remember your first day at school? How was it?
If you woke up and found out there was a zombie apocalypse, what do you do first?
Hey everyone, what is an online work you could currently do and get paid for?
When were you at the wrong place at the right time?
What did you do that’s absolutely not worth it?
(Wrong Answers Only) you wake up to find that you are in a zombie apocalypse. What do you do first?
If cost is no object, what size does a bedroom TV start to get ridiculous?
What would an asteroid look like during the day time that would cause the planet to be destroyed?
What's something that you will 100% quit doing for $100,000?
Historians: how do you keep events and attitudes from the last past from upsetting you?
If you’d develop a game, what easter eggs would you put into it?
Non-Australians of Reddit, what questions do you have for Australians?
When was a time when you saw someone well-known in public and only realized afterwords?
Gamers of Reddit, what are good mobile IOS compatible games that have the energy of and resemble PC/console games (Fallout and Path of Exile are two faves)?
People of reddit who live with your significant other but we'e beginning to see the end of your relationship before stay at home orders, how is it going?
If you could go back in time and tell your 5-year-old one thing to improve your life in this new future, what would you say?
What was the stupidest way you thought you were going to die?
What came first math or science and are they both related ?
Why do refugees bring their own culture that they was fleeing from with them?
Whats something good about Donald Trump?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve typed in Google?
Is there anyone out there that is living the Barney Stinson live? (one night stand after one night stand) How is it?
Where is the best tropical place (US non passport) for a first time couple's vacation?
non-muricans, on a scale of one to ten (5 being neutral towards them), how much do you dislike Americans and why?
People who got their shit together, how did you get your shit together?
How did the popular kid instantly turn into the most unpopular kid?
Would you ever have sex with someone who has the same name as your mom, dad or sibling? Why/why not?
If you could be part of the avengers, what stupid power and costume would you want?
How would the world change if there would only be one time zone?
What was your first phone and what memories you had with it?
Redditors from the UK, what is your opinion on the monarchy remaining a symbol of the UK in the 21st century?
NBA fans of reddit, what are you now since the NBA season is suspended?
Why is restraunt life so toxic?
Irish PM is practicing as Doctor again during the crisis; British PM is in hospital with symptoms...how could this be more ironic?
What battle in history would you want to see rolling HD coverage of and why?
How badly are we in an alternate reality if faxes don't matter no more?
When was a time you physically or mentally hurt someone and didn’t regret doing it?
Explosive engineers of Reddit, how do you defuse bombs, remove explosives etc?
Teachers, what is the weirdest thing you confiscated from a student?
What was the name of the actor playing sherlock and doctor strange ?
why apple is half eaten in apple company logo 🤨?
In your area of expertise, what is the best textbook(s), website(s), and/or other resource to quickly - within days, if not weeks - learn the 80% of what you know (via the Pareto principle)?
Who gave you the birds and the bees talk and how did it go?
Why is living in poverty so terrifying?
People who don't upvote things but still comment or answer them, why?
What is the one physical characteristic you love the most about your significant other, and why?
What is the worst case of hacking you seen in a game?
Which positive things are happening to you because you are staying at home right now?
Whats the best movie featuring the devil?
If you could teleport anywhere, where would you go?
What happened when you confessed your feelings for your crush?
If you were sent back to the early 1900’s, what would you tell the world leaders first?
Anti Vaxxers of reddit, what do you think about the current situation?
What are some reasons to buy RDR2 that's currently on sale right now?
Vent Reddit, what last mudane thing has caused you to explode due to being stuck at home?
Stoners of Reddit, what has been your worst weed take?
What do you wish you could still do?
Who killed Captain Alex?
Would you be interested in participating in a zoom orgy? Why or why not?
People who had phobia of cockroaches, how did you cure that phobia?
What do most people fail to understand that is hard to come to terms with, but you have, and wish others could also?
What jobs will be popular in 2100?
How did you first tell you so you loved them?
What's something the older generations do that you will never understand?
What is a funny super power or super hero concept?
Redditors, did you ever friendzone a guy/girl? How did it go?
What’s would your name be if you ware born a different sex?
Readers of Reddit, what are your favourite books and why?
How pregnante r u? How pregnante can you become?
Which is the strangest subreddit with an unexpectedly high amount of members?
Is it true about how Americans sit with their shoes on the bed and sofa like in the movies? If yes, why?
Which state do you hate the most, without reason?
What’s the happiest moment of your life?
What is the most useless skill you have?
You wake up and it's 2050, what do you google first?
How did your last shit go?
What would you do if Billie Eilish moved into your neighborhood?
What are some things that may seem insignificant to someone but is most important to you?
What was your most embarrassing moment while trying to adult?
Criminologist's of reddit what type of behaviour should we be looking out for in people?
what is the most luxury thing you have ever bought?
What are squirrels thinking?
To the people who complained about having to go into work then got laid off, do you miss working now?
What makes you sad?
What makes you depressed?
[SERIOUS] What new mental illnesses will be resulting from this global calamity?
gamers of reddit, what game have you spent the most time playing, and what game is it?
Which U.S. state gets too much hate?
Why use $2000 macs for playing games instead of buying a gaming pc?
People who grew up poor; what are the things that you realized/surprised you once you got better financially?
What makes someone “smart”?
How should America prepare if highly increased seismic and geyser activity at Yellowstone indicated an eruption were imminent within a few months?
Men of reddit, how do you become tall and attractive?
Trump supporters of reddit, why?
What are some ways to forget about the worlds problems besides getting rip-shit drunk on a Sunday evening?
What delicious food has the grossest origin?
What are your ideas for new Black Mirror stories ?
What is a dish that looks really appetizing but is actually disgusting to eat?
Those of you who can’t or don’t intend to pay off your student loans, how’d you come to that decision? What’s your plan going forward?
You can design a reality show of your own What reality show would you make and why?
What part of your personality do you fake?
What are the best work from home jobs serious answers only?
Who is your biggest inspiration?
What's the most nostalgic smell for you?
What is a sign that a shy girl likes you?
What is the biggest plot twist in a movie you have seen?
Redditors who killed someone by mistake or were forced to kill. What happened?
What’s the most hilarious animation series you ever watched?
What’s the most amazing thing about being you?
What's your favorite thing with a hole in it?
What paid content is worth subscribing to?
Zookeepers if Reddit, what is the funniest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
what's a good video game to play?
How do you like your chili prepared?
What you would never do for billion dollars?
What's a life decision you're glad you never through with and why?
What is the stupidest thing you've done as a child?
What’s a movie that had a trailer that was way better than the movie?
Those of you who were involved with vemma verve, did you make any money?
what is one thing you had done in a video game that angered you the most?
Since you fellow adults don't get asked that anymore, what is your favourite animal?
What videogames do you recommend others?
How was the worst way one of your relationship ended?
People who have experienced the butterfly effect of their actions, what's your story?
What happened on the best day of your life?
Who's the scariest historical or fictional person to meet in a dark alley?
Today, 80s and 90s nostalgia is a big market, in 30 or 40 years from now what products will be marketed and re-sold for 2000s and 2010s nostalgia?
What's the worst way that a school field trip has gone wrong?
What was your dream 10 years ago? What is your dream 10 years in the future?
You get the opportunity to create one thing that is not existing.What it will be?
Why were people so serious with Nostalgia Critic's Wall review, in the sense that nobody ever memed or joked about it?
What is the worst thing a person can say to someone without actually being offensive?
What are some of the most painful things know to man?
If a company were invest $150 million during a series D venture round to established company valued at $3-4 billion, how much control, if any, would they get?
What's the most disgusting thing you have had to do at you're job?
What is one memory you wish you could relive just for the thrill of it?
People of United Kingdom, what does the Queen mean to you?
People of reddit, what was the craziest break up experience you’ve ever had?
How would you feel if you found out that Bill Gates was the mastermind behind the McMillions scandal?
What’s your go to story in social situations?
You are given an option to go back in time and fix any mistake you have made however you will only live 2 years within that time before waking up as tho it was simply a dream would you still accept the offer to go back in time despite the fact it won’t change anything?
What is one thing you never wanted to get used to, but you ended up getting used to?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the weirdest case you have found?
What’s your best sleepwalking story?
What's the IRL version of fighting the final boss as a low-level character?
Why the hell does condensed milk taste so good?
What’s the easiest way to fall asleep?
When will smartphones be obsolete and what will take their place?
What do you think when someone says they hate animals?
How do you manage to wash your back in the shower?
What is your unpopular conspiracy theory?
Guys, what’s the nastiest thing you wanna do to your girl that she doesn’t like?
Vampires of Reddit, what's so good about a cup of blood?
Furries of Reddit, what is the most awkward thing you ever lived?
Blind people of reddit, how the fuck are uou reading this?
what is the biggest plot hole in a movie you have seen?
What's the weirdest fetish you can think of?
What’s a good comeback for “your adopted.”?
What is a good birthday gift for a mother?
Redditors - which lyric from a song or quote from a movie/tv show has aged the worst?
What would you alter on one person in order to make them appear unsettling?
What everyday item would you struggle to demonstrate well if you had to sell it on a TV shopping channel?
How are you doing these days Reddit?
Ladies of reddit, what is it about older men that you prefer over younger guys?
What is a book that you would want to see made into a movie?
what is the least scary horror movie you have ever seen?
What's the difference of your first phone vs your current phone?
People who were rejected when asking someone out, what did it feel like afterwards? Did you still like the person even though they rejected you?
What is the MOST disgusting thing you have ever done/heard/seen?
What are some things you thought you were the only one who did but discovered everyone does?
If you could watch any sporting event from history, what would you watch?
What can't even the Skyrim horse climb up to?
How are you today?
Gamers: what did you do in your last video game session?
What is a good rabbit role to go down in this the time of the apocalypse?
What’s a subreddit where we can scroll through the top 20 or so posts of all time and have a laugh?
What do you think when you see a man with a wall covered in chew cans?
Which streaming services do you have?
Factory workers of Reddit, how do you deal with the monotony of doing the same thing thousands of times a day?
Historians of reddit, what are the most interesting historical facts, that people thought were right (for a long time) but actually are wrong?
Healthcare workers of Reddit, what is the most crazy thing a religious person has said/done in the office?
What are the movie names you genuinely think wrongfully named?
Bus drivers, has any of your passengers ever actually used the emergency exit during your shift? If so, what happened?
What is the most you have done, just to spite someone?
What would you do when you wake up tomorrow and the top post on reddit reads : Megathread, Donald. J. Trump is dead. ?
Why do you suck?
What did you think was fake until you seen it with your own eyes?
People who went from best friends to hating each other or vice versa, what happened?
Why are you awesome as fuck?
What's a good skill to learn on a laptop?
What are your Best/Worst case scenario predictions for your country in 6 months?
What is something you actually learned the "hard way"?
If you could only play one Videogame for the rest of your life, what would it be?
You have invulnerability what's the first batshit crazy thing you do?
[SERIOUS] What is it like in a psychiatric ward/mental health hospital?
What experience would cause you to become a monk or nun?
[Serious] Surgeons of Reddit, are fat people significantly harder to operate on and if so does there come a point where someone is too fat to have surgery?
Which single-player video game would you consider a masterpiece?
What's a large-scheme thing you don't understand?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is the difference between (centre) and (center)?
You realize that there is an FBI watching everything you do online, what do you do first?
What are some valid reasons and facts as to why many people hate tik tok?
Flight Attendants of Reddit, what's the scariest moment you've experienced in-flight?
Former vapers of reddit, after you quit how long did it take for you to not be pissed at the world?
People who have tested their IQ, what is your IQ?
Many people say "stranger things have happened", but what is the strangest thing you've experienced?
What was your favorite birthday and why?
You are offered 1 Billion USD if you are able to sit in a room of absolute silence and darkness for 30 days. You will be fed and hydrated intravenously, the room only contains a toilet and a carpeted floor. Why or why not would you do it?
What’s your “was blind but suddenly can see” story?
Everyone has been dreaming about stopping the time for everyone but not them selfs. What were you thinking about?
Redditors who have been all over the world, witch is the most underrated place you have ever been to?
Your mind is now in the body of your favorite fiction character, at the beginning of the story. How would you change its life?
At what age and situation did you realized, that you are an adult now?
Former high school students, what was the best senior prank you have witnessed or been a part of?
People who need haircuts, how long before you take matters into your own hands?
If you had the option to sell your your soul to the devil. What would you sell it for?
Who is your Carol Baskin?
what is something you always wanted to brag about but didn't because you don't want to look like an asshole?
People who live in Oklahoma, what's it like there??
What is your favorite video game of all time?
Do you hate and why?
what would you ask a person with multiple personality disorder?
What did you hide from your ex?
Car Salesmen of reddit. What is the strangest experience you’ve had with a customer?
What do you miss the most?
How would you feel about this question tomorrow once you realise it predicted you dreaming about a misty forest and a wolf tonight?
Friends of actors, how is it watching movie in which your friend acts out a serious role? Can you take it seriously?
Medival medicine was often based on wrong assumptions and superstition. Are there any medival medical practices which are surprisingly effective from todays POV?
How does the brain differentiate between a noise from a farer/nearer source?
People who cook at midnight, what is the best thing you have ever made?
Redditors who are Mute What is your favourite way to communicate online or in person?
What is something you find weird about your own country?
What's something strange you've heared a patient on anesthesia say?
Redditors, what’s the dumbest reason you got blamed for?
At what point is it appropriate to panic?
What came first, the chicken or the egg ?
What is your opinion of face tattoos?
Suppose the majority of Americans decided to reject official US currency as legitimate, and preferred to barter for goods with unusual shaped rocks and such. What consequences would it have for the economy and for social stratification?
What is your easiest way of calming down and not panicking?
what is the best and most efficient way to teach a new sport or fitness skills?
Doctors of Reddit what case made you sick?
On average how long you spend your time on Reddit?
People from Alabama; what do you think about people associating Alabama with incest?
Gamers of Reddit, which video game had the best tutorial?
Askreddit, what's a story you would like to tell but couldn't find the right thread for?
What Youtube video has the best comment section?
How do you understand that you don't want to speak to that person?
What is your opinion on the Icelandic word for but (en)?
What food is the bane of your existence?
Zookeepers, how’re the animals doing in this time?
Architects of Reddit, how dows it feel when the building you design gets demolished?
If you get to name a new kinda drug, what would you name it?
People of Reddit, if there were upgrade shops for our bodies what would you get ?
Redditors! What have you done that you don't think anyone else on the site will have done?
What’s something you’re unapologetic about, but that others would look down on?
You are now in Minecraft hardcore mode for a week whatever you have you take back in the real world what do you do?
What questionable things have you done as a result of insomnia or other sleep deprivation?
Workers doing curbside delivery, what's the weirdest thing you've seen in someone's car?
What is something you like that no one knows about?
Hypothetically if you let your girlfriend borrow your laptop and her parents used it and also backed up their galleries from their phone onto it and after you got the laptop back, the galleries were still there and you stumble across a homemade porno of your girlfriends parents, what would you do?
What’s the craziest fetish that someone you’ve dated, or currently dating, has had?
We could all use a movie to watch right now. What’s your favorite movie and why?
Which is better fma brotherhood or attack on titan ?
Who is your favorite superhero?
If this any condition does not exist that what do you want to doing right now ..?
What is the subtlest way to mess with paleontologists/archeologists when they dig you up?
What is the quickest and cheapest way to make your basement soundproof?
What was one particular dream you wished you never woke up from?
What do you do at 3 am?
How old were you when you started getting your shit together, whats your story?
How did you admit to your crush that you had a crush on him/her?
What's the one video game that best describes your favorite genre of games?
What is your opinion on entrapment? Sort of like how cops catch people getting a prostitute or the catch a predator show?
What happens after you leave your parents?
How do children under the age of 18, act in movies for 18 and over. Works with all ages too, how are they allowed to play a role in a movie which is rated higher than their age?
People on Tinder, what's the vibe like?
Reddit, what is a memory that enters your brain randomly for no apparent reason?
What drugs has everyone done? What’s the craziest combo you’ve done?
What is the first thing you'll say after waking up from coma after 5 years?
How comes it is possible to recognize whether a sound comes from a near or a farer source?
What used to be fun but not anymore ?
Who's your favorite human being? And why?
Redditors with IBS, what are you symptoms and what do you do to deal with it?
Hooters girls of Reddit how’s business!?
You are trapped in a video game and can't get out unless you complete the game. What game will it be?
Which makes you more nostalgic, school life or college life ?
Males of Reddit; how would you like to find out your partner is pregnant?
Redditors, What was the most uncomfortable question asked by an innocent child?
What's the best video you know of on YouTube?
In what way does the reddit hivemind *not* embrace science?
Did somebody you went to school with whose existence you never knew or had forgotten about ever randomly contact you? What’s the story?
How would a person ice someone while being across the city?
What is your worst memory from elementary/primary school?
People with insomnia, what are your causes?
What is the most effective get rich quick scheme?
Where are the rumours that Kaitlyn Bennett's husband went to conversion therapy coming from? Are they true?
You are aloud to switch places with a celebrity for a day. Who would you pick, why and what would you do?
Women of Reddit, what’s the hardest thing to explain to men?
What would the USA be like if it never won the revolutionary war?
What's is something, that you can't tell wether you love or hate ?
People who have cool parents, what is the coolest thing they have done?
How did you stop being shy?
Guys, what’s your favourite place to cum on your girl’s body?
World ends tomorrow. What do you do?
In your opinion what is the best sounding instrument and use of it in a song or musical piece?
People who have used the Emergency Call feature on phones, what was the situation?
What's that really stupid thing you have done that you were to afraid to tell anyone?
Which microwave is better? The one that spins the food around, or the one that keeps it still?
What is your least favorite meme ever?
[Serious] If heaven and hell exist, where do you think you're going?
It's 2100 and you can choose to live on any planet in the solar system. Which do you choose?
Which is your favourite mythology ?
If you woke up in the scp foundation during a containment breach what would you do first and why?
People who comment on posts and don’t like, why?
What is some underrated media or activities you recommend for people to try at least once?
What would be your perfect country to move too and why ?
What is everyone doing?
What are some things Progressives and Conservatives (not necessarily Democrat or Republican) can agree on?
Can you describe what do see when you're tripping? What do you see?
You have to describe the color green to a colorblind person. How do you do it?
Why is there no red handicap emoji ?
Redditors whose jobs have them work with expensive machinery, what's the most expensive thimng you've broken on the job? How did you break it?
Taking your pick of all musicians past and present who would form your ultimate super group and what type of music would they play?
Woman who've been to prison, what is it like?
People who were in pornos, how has it impacted you life?
If you could use one song to describe your life right now, what song would it be?
Non-Americans of reddit, what are some of the worst yet most common arguments against free healthcare?
Devoiced people of reddit, what do you think about love? What ended that love?
[SERIOUS] What did your parent do that made you cut the contact completley?
How to change your sleeping schedule?
K12 teachers, principals and deans, is it more truth or hyperbole that kids who defend themselves or others get in trouble?
(Serious) teachers of reddit, whats the scariest/most concerning thing you’ve confiscated off of a student?
What is a fun thing you have discovered recently?
Whats your opinion of Vladimir Putin?
What is your "fuck" moment?
A fat man with a large mustache runs up to you and shouts "In the name of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, I ORDER YOU TO SHUT UP!" What do you do?
What is something "normal" that you consider crazy?
What’s something you NEVER want to do again?
Where are you commenting from right now?
What are the pros and cons of getting a hedgehog?
If we were asked to isolate for a very long time, what mental side effects would we begin to see?
(serious) what song describes your situation perfectly rn?
Now that masks are common, why don't we have popular masks from video game and movies/TV shows like Bane from Batman?
Earths orbit is blanketed by satellites. Why do we never see them when we see photos of the earth from space?
What was the last song you listened to?
How do you ask someone if they want to go in relationship with you?
What tool or object from your profession do you also find useful in your everyday life?
Europeans who have watched Tiger King, did it surprise you or was it pretty much in line with how you envisioned aspects of America already?
What’s Vegas been like this past month?
What’s some helpful advice for a 16/17/18 year old joining the military?
What makes you REALLY Happy, but you don't want anyone to know?
What’s your best Whatsapp/group chat drama story?
Redditors, what's a good quiz you have (with answers) to entertain group chats during these times?
People who upvote but dont comment, Why?
What is something oddly sexy? (NSFW)
What do you want but can't afford currently?
Reddit, what favor would do you well at this moment in time?
What are some unconventional or ridiculous ideas that you have for making money online that just might work?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, where would you go or what would you do to make sure you didnt?
What is the funniest thing you have read from reddit?
What is your favorite mythical creature ?
You're allowed to make one law that everyone on the planet had to follow. What's the law?
What are you most picky about?
Do you have a “the one who got away” story? What happened?
Which one has to go wheel of fortune or jeopardy?
What happens to people's bank accounts when a bank is robbed?
To all Doctors/Nurses what is the biggest case of faking it that you have had?
People who didn't initially but developed feelings for someone after you rejected them, what did you do about it?
What is something you have learned about yourself recently that you are proud of?
People who are/were homeless, what advice do you have for someone who might become homeless?
What is an ugly cute video game enemy/creature?
What’s a telltale sign you are becoming an adult?
[Serious] Redditors who quit smoking, what are some tips for not driving insane in the process?
What is the funniest movie you ever seen ?
What are some things you don't like about girl redditors?
What is the difference between 9.9999.. and 10?
People of reddit that blackmailed someone/ was a victim of blackmail, what happened?
What are the best old-timey, kinda folky, instrumenty, like classic fun songs?
You wake up as the opposite gender, how would you spend your day?
What is the most difficult thing you’ve ever done in a video game?
How can one aline hie/her teeths at home? Pushing teeths inwards. How?
How Do You Ask A Cute Sarcastic Lady Out, And Would You Keep Her As Potential Girlfriend?
If you could reboot any movie that was made BEFORE you where born, which one and why?
If you get to recruit people for Mars, who would you choose to make it a better planet?
For those that are or have been in a serious, committed relationship, how long did it take to have your first real argument with your significant other?
What would be a great, but incorrect, way to call people from your country or state?
How do you deal with cockroaches in your country?
Those who’ve tried an interactive “survival horror” extreme haunted house experience - what made you want to go, and was it worth it? Did you make it to the end?
People who like Trump, Why?
What's your 2:00 pm song vs 2:00 am song?
If Cinderella's clothes were a perfect fit, how could her glass shoe fall off her feet?
Do you prefer iPhone Android? Why?
Tattoo artists of reddit it, what is your opinion on commissions of designs, but because of distance have another artist perform the actual tattoo?
Firefighters of reddit, what is your worst experience?
What was the most violent thing to happen in your country?
What is your "right person, wrong time" story?
What are realistic expectations for a good job? Is fulfilling, meaningful, interesting work with a good salary to much to ask for?
How did you come out of the closet?
People of reddit, what is your funniest “I don’t work here” moment?
People who put plates with bones in the sink... What exactly is your problem?
What do you think you did in a past life to deserve this timeline?
What’s the worst case of second hand embarrassment you’ve experienced?
How many of you actually go periods of time without thinking?
Men of Reddit: What's the dumbest thing you've ever done to try and get a girl's attention?
People who have more than one profession, what do you do and why?
Aside from Tiger King, what shows are you binging during your lock down?
Romantics of Reddit: what was an awkward situation you’ve encountered at a wedding? What happened?
As a customer, what’s a real reason to get mad when dealing with the employees?
Consistently unmotivated.People who are constantly putting in 100% into exercise or studying how do you do it?
How would the world Change if one had to understand the technology behind something to be allowed to use it?
What are you hiding from loved ones that you can share with Reddit?
What game(s) are you really into right now?
If you were talking to someone about a sensitive subject and they disagreed with you, but you didn't know this, how would you want them to respond?
If you get to choose the school lunch for your country what would you choose?
How is self isolation and the time off changing you for the better?
What's so good that makes you say "yeah this is why I live"?
Before we got that "free" time, what kind of time was it?
What’s your worst experience on reddit, that you still think about today?
What is something you've done that is surprisingly relaxing?
Cab drivers of reddit, what's the craziest incident you had with a guest?
What are some 16+ great console games that are not "online games" or dependant on Internet connection?
What would you choose and why, blind or deaf?
People of Reddit, what are some everyday things that would make a ton of sense if they were merged into one product?
What is the best profession in the world?
You are given 1,000,000 dallor to protect you from a super intelligent ant colony that also has 1,000,000 dallors that if they touch you die how do you survive?
What time is it where you are?
What’s your worst car dealership experience?
What is something that used to be considered Paranormal?
A guy you meet on the street tells you he was in a coma for years and wants to know what's currently going on. What do you tell him to make him be as calm as possible for the situation we're in?
People who had nightmare roommates, what did they do that made them so bad?
When your food requires hot sauce, what's your go to brand?
Service workers still doing carry out food, have your tops gone up in percentage or down and how much?
What is something your kids couldn't pronounce well but the results were so hilarious that it is now what you call it?
Dyspraxic adults of Reddit, what is your daily life like?
If marriage licenses were only valid for 10 years and subject for renewal thereafter, how would this change relationships in our society?
What are you putting off buying while you are sheltered in place?
In your opinion what is more sentient: a fruit fly, or an oak tree?
At what point do negative sounds cancel out positive things in your mind?
You get to choose a life goal, once it is completed your life ends, but until that goal is completed you can't die. What do you choose?
If you were the subject of the Truman Show, what would be your iconic catchphrases?
If seriously ill patient's lungs are filling up with fluid, why are they still being laid on their back, instead of inverting them so gravity can help the fluid drain out more easily?
What scene/moment of a movie made you pause and say out loud what the fuck just happened?
what makeup look should one do if they’re trying to experiment with makeup?
What do you think your elderly self will be doing 50 years from now?
What old movie stills have great special effects today, that you could watch it and enjoy it, without thinking about it’s dated aspects?
What is the worst thing that happened to you immediately after watching a horror movie?
One day you wake up and everybody is GONE. Every single soul. What do you do first?
What's the coolest fact you know?
What are some fun but also kind of useful challenges one could start doing now?
Without saying their name, who is your favorite actor/actress?
How much money to suck your toes?
Photographers of Reddit, what were your weirdest jobs?
What is a fact that a great population doesn’t believe?
what do you like about rhinos ?
Redditors who speak English as their second language, what phrase or saying confused you and why?
People of Reddit, When did you learn that Santa wasn’t real?
What is something illegal you would like to try?
What is creepy to do as a kid, but normal to do as an adult?
When did you realise that someone in your life was extremely cheap?
Why is the mainstream media making NYC look like a war zone when nothing is really happening?
All binaries of reddit. What are some straight culture references?
Adults of Reddit: What do you want to be when you grow up?
What’s the most money you’ve paid for concert tickets, was it worth it?
What's one Reddit post you'll never forget?
Now that "fetch" isn't happening what word should be used more often?
You have to eat the most recent thing you purchased. What's your dinner tonight?
Nice people of reddit, what was your Thug Moment ?
For people that worked as part of the maid service in Disney, what is the worst thing you have ever found in the room?
Where is the formula one Grand Prix held?
How does an RBMK reactor core explode?
What's your most creative way to earn money?
What was the time you were kidnapped/Almost kidnapped?
What would someone have to offer you in exchange for your life? What price would you put on your head in exchange for an immediate, painless death?
Have you ever found or recognised yourself in a Reddit post? Either in the background of a picture or as the main character? What was it about and what was your reaction?
What thing do you wish you can take back even though no one knows?
What insult sounds best in old English ?
What YouTubers under 50k subs do you like?
Replace or add the word “balls” in something, movie,book,etc. what is your result?
What is something someone said that made you think “why are you so stupid”?
What happened First - Egg or Hen ?
Redditors who have lost a tooth/teeth. How did you cope with it?
What personal trauma changed your life and in which way? Did it lead to a negative change or did it have a positive flipside? How long did it take for you to heal? Did you have to put in work or did you ,over time, heal naturally?
What could be the third option to fight or flight?
What’s your strangest story of Déjà Vu?
If you woke up in 200 years later what would be the first thing you ate?
People who like to use the phrase "OK Boomer" - what're your major complaints with Boomers ?
Songwriters/Musicians/Producers/Singers, how many songs do you usually have in progress at one period of time?
What is your favourite word in your language and why?
Math haters of reddit, why?
Who is one or more people you know that you think knows more about you than yourself?
Depressed people of Reddit. How do you cope with depression?
What’s the real life equivalent of finding diamonds in Minecraft?
People who have confessed their feelings for their best friends, how did it go?
Reddit, what food do you plan on feeding your family within the next year?
[Serious] How much of your adulthood is a direct rebuke to your upbringing?
What are some real-life examples of "deception in pretty packaging"?
What are some similarities between how female murderers are depicted in the media and how female monsters have been depicted in folklore?
How do you prefer your partners body scaping?
What is the best thing that can happen in your life right now?
When did adulthood duningkruger its foot up your ass?
How would you think of a feature that lets you post anonimously in certain personal subreddits, thus that post not appearing on your user page and people not being able to see your name on that post?
Governments collapse and laws are no longer a thing, what's the first thing you do?
Employees of video game companies, what is the best chirp you have come across from a player reporting another player?
What’s a good skill that can be learnt whilst in self-isolation?
You can tell president Trump one thing he will totally believe in and support it with all he can do. What would it be?
If the world was ending and you could listen to one last song, what would it be?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the worst thing you've ever seen while working?
What are some reason’s why you like or dislike the new dating apps?
What film has the best end credits music?
Dear redditors of reddit, how would you earn the most money in one month, legally?
which bands got much better long after their initial success ?
Who is your daddy and what does he do?
Why are you currently touching yourself?
What's your favourite animal with a dewlap?
How you recap what today's weather was like if it were your job as the local meteorologist?
Why don't you think Billy Bob Thornton deserved an Oscar for Slingblade?
Teenagers of reddit, what was the worst thing your parents made you do?
Virgins of reddit, why are you still a virgin?
Non Americans: What is something about your country that not many people outside it know of?
When was the last time you were fundamentally happy?
How do you get those emoji kind of things or blue sentences behind your name?
You are alone in a room with your crush she gives you 10 seconds to do whatever you want to her but after that she has no feelings for you what do you do?
Which is the best apocalyptic movie to you?
Which conspiracy theory do you whole-heartedly believe in?
Do you keep your toaster on the counter or do you put it away when it's not in use?
What is the scariest unsolved mystery you've ever heard?
You get to be good at one thing you’re currently bad at but you also gotta be bad at one thing you’re currently good at. Which are these things?
What would you have done differently if you were in the writers room during the writing process of Game of Thrones season 8?
What untrue thing have you believed with all your heart and soul?
What makes you happy?
Whats your favorite meme?
What’s the quickest way to get out of homelessness?
Car lovers of Reddit, What is your favorite car, and why?
Former cult members of Reddit, what made you leave?
Redditors of reddit, what is your favourite porn type?
Dog owners of reddit, what’s the most “human” thing your dog has done?
How much would you be willing to spend on a physical copy of an artist’s album and their merchandise? Around what price range would it be too much for you?
What do you think is an easy way to kill someone that nobody else would think about?
Why don't more people put pepperoni in their pasketti?
What is your first stop when this ends?
You have access to a time machine, but can only travel to one place for a minute. Where and when would you go for one minute, and what would you do when there?
What things REALLY make you strong ?
It’s year 2500. What are the sites and landmarks from the past 100 years that will be remembered and iconic?
People who have bad luck, whats your story?
People who were born blind but can now see, whats your favourite colour? Also, people born deaf who can now hear, whats your favourite music genre? [Serious]
What is your fetish?
If you died and became a ghost, what would you do all day?
[Serious] Chefs of Reddit what's the biggest waste of product you've ever seen?
What is your favourite song?
What movie is better than the book?
What tactics does your brain use to convince you to do things that will have a negative impact on your life?
People who cheated to get the best test results, where are you now?
What’s your favourite Reddit post/comment/event in Reddit history?
What would happen if you walked up to a tiger in the wild.. and punched it in the face?
You are a superhero based on the last thing you ate, what are you?
What's a good way to treat a heartbreak?
People who work in restaurants, whats the worst thing you've seen on the job?
[Serious] While you are in self Isolation, How safe do you feel to have food and groceries delivered to you at you doorstep?
Have you ever tried nofap? What changes did you see?
What was your crazy, creepy, or cringe moment that keeps you awake at night?
People in relationships, how are you and your Significant other coping either being separated or being together all the time?
If you could say one thing to Trump, what would that be?
Is the American Dream dead? What killed it?
[Serious] What's a good place on the internet to have thought provoking conversations with different people?
What moment do you think it's necessary to be scared?
If you could kill any famous person without any consequences who would it be?
To the people well established in their careers- If you could go back in time and pick a different career path what would it be? And why?
People actually named Karen, How do you feel about the Karen stereotype?
What was the first incident in your life which made you think that life sucks?
What was a really dangerous situation you’ve been trough?
What do you do when people don’t say “thank you” after you tell them “bless you”?
What would happen if all humans were sane?
What did you do last time you got cheated on?
You wake up and you are on the Titanic. The date is 14th April-1912, the day before the ship sank. What would you do?
Why do you need to microwave two hot pockets 2x longer than one hotpocket when you don't need to make the oven 2x hotter to cook two?
How far do you scroll down on someone's Instagram?
What’s the name of a subreddit you’ve only heard about but haven’t subscribed to?
Reddit what do you think of aliens ? Do you think they exist or that they dont exist ?
How do You Pass Time in Quranatine?
Anime fans, who would win? Chargeman ken or the laughing salesman?
How do you become successful on Reddit?
It’s March 2nd 1942, what’s your first move?
What is the most outrageous display of xenophobia you have witnessed?
Easter is coming. How do you plan to celebrate with stay at home orders in place?
Should it be a mandatory rite of passage for people to choose their own name? It would be legally provided as a rightful option when people reach a certain age: they can keep their birthname if they wish, but they can also change it for whatever reason. Why or why not?
Hunters, what was the weirdest thing you saw while hunting?
A dog comes to you and starts talking. You can ask him only one question except how are you able to talk. What will you ask?
If life was a video game, what loot would you drop when you die?
Cops and other law enforcement people of Reddit, what were some cases you worked on that made you think that something supernatural/paranormal was going on?
How do you convince someone who believes unrealistic premises, that 5G is not the end of the world? [Serious]
If there was a free trial of life what would it include?
It is April 2019. You are shown pictures from one year in the future – empty streets of major cities, no people on beaches and in parks, closed bars and restaurants, strict border controls between EU countries. Empty airports. What explanation would have come to your mind?
If you had a kid what would you name it?
People who get their names called at the airport, what are your stories?
If you could eliminate 1 car brand from existence, what would you pick and why?
Anyone have any tv show recommendations?
Have you ever been involved in a situation that looked like it was about to go down in flames, but ended with a wholesome message? If so, what happened?
What Made your day?
D&amp;D players, what real life event made you go 'They rolled a Natural 1'?
Why doesn't the symbol of sickle and hammer cause as much outrage as the symbol of swastika?
What do you find cute in a partner?
You jus found out your “parents” kidnapped you when you were baby what will you do?
What do you think archaeologists in the future will believe once they delve into internet culture and media?
Stories about how one of the popular kids at school got with one of the outcasts?
people who have had instant "reddit fame/noterity " - what happened and how did this affect your experience on reddit later?
What is the all time best childhood lunchbox snack?
Coca-cola or Pepsi? Why?
In german there's a saying that basically says 'it's better to have to much than not enough'. In which context would this be just completely wrong?
For people that work in the engineering(civil or electrical) work force, what is it like to be an engineer? What type of education did you receive to get the job(s) you wanted. How satisfying is this career? Is there anything you wish you would have done different either in school or job choices?
What are some good language exchange apps or sites?
17 year old guy dating a 13 year old girl is it bad? If so what do l do?
People who have had an experience where superstition came true, what’s your story?
What are some crazy fake news you've found out during this crisis?
What is missing in your life right now?
[Serious] How can you tell if you're going insane?
What was your first time having sex like?
Couples of Reddit, how do you deal with fights/heavily emotional moments in your relationship?
If you could only eat one country’s cuisine for the rest of your life what would it be?
What does the 1 out of 10 dentists recommend other than toothpaste?
Fortune tellers of Reddit, why didn’t you warn us about 2020?
(Serious) You’re a publisher and have to sign someone you know to a book deal. They must write a non-fiction memoir about themselves. Who do you choose and what would be the highlights of their book?
why is literally everything in the media now called "breaking news"?
If zombies would exist... realistically, how would they look?
What are some foods that can be prepared with only; an electric griddle, a microwave, and a electric kettle?
What is the most STRANGE feeling that you had in your life?
What's one thing you could bring to a funeral to completely ruin it?
What was the scariest thing you’ve ever done?
If you had to fake your own death, how would you do it? And what would come after, how would you survive as a fake identity?
What cryptid’s existence is the most plausible to you?
Doctors, Nurses, and other front line workers, what is the scariest part of your job right now?
What is the most useless drug?
Who are the top five guitars of all time?
What are the things you did that you regret the most and still haunts you to this day?
Say that you want to free up some storage space on your console/pc so you can get more games in the future. What is one game that you would be more than happy to delete?
Ex-emos of Reddit, what would you say to your younger selves?
What was a "that wasn't the intended outcome" moment that actually turned out in your favor?
Aside from going out, what are you doing less of these days?
What does it feel like to be in love with someone?
What would you say is the most useful thing humans have ever invented or discovered?
What’s an appropriate way to tell a coworker they need to shower before arriving to work?
What’s the best way to piss off your neighbors?
What are you doing at home while quarantining yourself?
Hey guys what if there was an international crush day, where everyone had to tell their crush that they like them?
Instead of supporting corporations and nationwide grocery stores, why doesn't each city in the country start a local corporation to head their area in all services so that giant corporations don't mess up the world?
who is the best character on IASIP?
Do you think China’s international reputation will recover seeing the way they handled it at the start and how everyone in the world affected because of this?
Non-sarcastic people in an entirely sarcastic family, how’s that going for you?
How bored are you?
What is one thing you guys realised a lot later than most?
Ex-pornstars of Reddit. What was the best/worst part of your job?
Which social taboo do you despise?
Firefighters of reddit what’s the most horrifying thing that has happened on your watch?
What’s the highest thing you’ve ever done?
What are some male fiction characters that men secreltly have crush on?
Hey nicotine addicts, how you holding up?
What was the biggest karma moment that ever happen to you or someone else?
What’s the most wholesome “2 ____, 1____” parody you’ve seen?
The American psyche is badly wounded. How can we heal it?
If Forrest Gump were written today, what events would he have been involved in over the last 40 years?
Gamers of reddit, What was your first Ragequit, What happened?
What are some video games you would recommend to play during our “vacation from work and school”?
What is the funniest/worst conspiracy theory you have heard of?
What's your advice to someone looking to make a personal connection with someone of the opposite sex?
Which high school class was your favorite?
What was the quickest way someone went from very threatening to very scared, from "powered to coward", that you've ever witnessed?
People who have urinals in their houses how has that changed your life?
Redditors who had a tight friend group of three and were the first wheel, whats your worst third wheel story?
You die in a week. What do you do with a million dollars??
People who believe China, why?
What cartoon from your childhood do you still enjoy watching?
What is something you always wanted to do but never got around to?
What time era of pop music do you think is the best?
People of Reddit who know how to lucid dream, what is it like and what do you do in your dreams?
A parking lot wizard appears before you and gives you the chance to live in any fantasy world of your choosing. The only catch is you're still a regular person. What world would you like to be in?
Parents of Reddit what was your child's reaction to finding out you were having another child?
What if computers and internet were created during the early years of 20th century?
People who have prosthetics, what do you want other people to understand about them?
When has your greatest foe become your best bud?
What are the random bold letters in iOS suggested text (example in comments) and how can they be turned off?
Tell about the best party in your life. Why was it so good?
What sentences sound normal until you say them in a whisper?
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve done?
What can you tell a random stranger on Reddit but not your family members?
What was your most unique conversation starter?
Mr. Rogers once said “when I would see scary things on the news, my mother would say to look for the helpers, you will always find people who are helping.” Right now on the news it seems to be all scary stuff...so who are some of those helpers that should get the spotlight instead of the fear?
What are some of the worst cases of bad parenting that you guys witnissed?
How different is the the porn you watch from your actual love life? [NSFW]
How many times have you tried to change someones mind, and failed? How many times have you succeeded?
How do you imagine the world in 40 years?
How do you tell if a girl likes you?
Jim Irsay and Robert Kraft have secured and donated tons of N95 masks. Why is this possible for them and not for our government? Robert Kraft employed sex slaves and Jim Irsay was arrested for DUI and drug possession. How do we interpret Billionaires donating N95 masks to Healthcare workers?
Since we're all stuck inside...wrong answers only, what is happening outside that "they" don't want us to see but can now do with impunity?
If MTV were to reboot their Celebrity Death Match series, who would you want to see battle it out?
To those not physical-distancing, why?
What is something that will turn your life around if you get rid of it?
People who've tried century eggs, surstromming, or other notoriously gross foods and ENJOYED it: What did you like about it?
How foes a person conmect two routers wirelessly?
What are the best road trip games?
What would happen in the country of The United States filed for bankruptcy?
What movie did you love as a kid but now find cheesy or terrible as an adult?
how would YOU buy happiness?
What YouTuber has videos worth binging?
What happened that time when you and a known person saw something and never spoke about it since?
Why do poor families tend to be poor for generations, is it genetic or is it environment?
Currently there's a lot of extra time available and a working computer. What are ways to volunteer help online through data entry?
What's the best part about being a teacher?
Which subreddit has the dumbest rules for posts?
what did you guys think of the movie Bloodshot?
Redditors who have worked/currently work as a cast member/character at Disney, what was the most awkward moment you’ve ever had while on the job?
You sleep on your room and woke up in president house what do you do first?
If live had a dificulty option, what would you choose?
What is something you only find gross when it is someone else doing it?
What is that one line from a book or a movie that was totally written for you?
Guys who were late bloomers in terms of looks (had a babyface, looked younger than their age) was there a point were you suddenly started getting more attention from the opposite sex?
What kind of treasures or hidden valuables have you found ?
what is your opinion on yeezys, worth spending $250?
If you were a scratch-n-sniff sticker, what would you look like? and what would you smell like? Why?
What is the stupidest reason you got into trouble?
Which urban legend would be terrifying if it was true?
What is the most delusional thing you’ve ever done?
A question for formerly obese women: what brand of jeans is comparable to Torrid jeans in regard to their durability?
What do you do very well? What could you brag about?
The age of consent varies from country to country. At what age should high school students be allowed to have sex with anyone (regardless of age gap) ?
What is a small thing that you’ve done or started doing that has made your life much easier?
Theists, how would you summarise the scientific method?
People who have married their middle/high school boyfriend/girlfriend, what is your story?
If the future or humanity depended on one redeeming quality, which one would you bring to the table and in what way would you apply it?
What are some easy ways to earn money while at home?
What’s your prediction for May?
What is something underrated from your country many people might not know about?
Why don’t you visit a red light district?
What hated or despised song from a band or artist do you actually enjoy?
How big of a room can a 20” box fan with a furnace filter clean?
How would you predict the results of Pornhub’s 2020 year in review that will come out this December?
What is the equivalent of puns in sign language? Can you explain some examples?
What are some products or methods that guarantee they work but end up ruining your life?
What is the most weirdest community out there?
What’s the best compliment you have ever received?
What cheap / free things should everyone take advantage of?
What is the craziest things you’ve seen a babysitter do, whether you were the parent or child?
What to do when severely bored?
Why do poor people spend money on expensive things when they could be paying bills?
Where are you from and how do you think your local or federal government has handled the situation so far?
What affected you the most this year?
What are your thoughts on the prominent MSNBC news anchor Katy Tur?
Which series had the best final episode?
What SHOULDN'T you say after sex?
What's with the dolphins return to Italy memes?
Women: When you watch men doing a haka war dance, how does it make you feel?
Redittors with a fear of spiders: what are some good methods to de-spider a garage where with brown lacruce and wolf spiders have been found?
What is the dumbest inside joke you’ve ever had with someone?
Must one understand mathematics to fully understand any form of science? Why or why not?
What is your breaking point?
What theme song from your childhood is forever stuck in your head?
What's the BEST episode of Seinfeld?
If you travelled back in time to 1920 what would be the first thing you'd tell the people about future ?
Nightshift workers of Reddit, what are soms of the strangest things that have happend while working?
Guys that aren’t interested in sports or video games. What the fuck do y’all do in your downtime?
If you could recommend one movie to someone who hated movies, what movie would it be and why?
How are you surviving your days at home?
What are some ways to earn $$ remotely?
What is the best comeback to "! love you"?
Why are wasps such big assholes?
People who believe in astrology. Why?
What kind of games did you play as a kid inside your head when sitting in a car and looking outside?
What new skills have you adopted?
When you have a lot going on in your mind, what is your best method to fall asleep?
What is your opinion on student loan debt being paid off for doctors currently working in hospitals under these conditions?
You wake up at the abandoned Sonic Heroes Pizza Palace... (FNaS 4) Your only tool you have is a flashlight. What do you do?
If you were a able to change your name every decade , what are some of the names you would have had throughout your life?
Cops and firefighters of reddit, when did you realize the cops are just way more involved with dispatch because of the in depth detail they need to relay and discuss, as well as very intense scenarios where the cop is by themselves so dispatch feels the need to look over law??
How do you plan to protect yourself from the upcoming riots?
What type of kinks or fetishes would there be in different fantasy worlds if they were real life?
Why was six afraid of seven?
Non-nerds, how did you find Reddit?
People who got rickrolled, how did you fall in the trap?
Students who have been made to finish school early, how are you feeling now?
What has 2020 taught you so far?
What’s the worst US state and why is it Arkansas?
The age of consent varies from country to country. At what age should dogs be allowed to have sex?
What is your thoughts on the 5G network?
Redditors who used to believe in a god/higher power, what happened to convince you said god/higher power does not exist?
If something strange, in your neighbourhood, who do you gonna call ?
What are some equally versatile curse words like “fuck” ?
People who don't want to win millions with a lottery, why not?
What’s a good starter video game for a middle aged woman who’s never played before?
What’s the best question to ask reddit?
What is the most fucked up picture of nature you know?
You can become an NPC in any game which game will you choose and why?
What are some things that help make the case for earth actually being hell?
What’s the most unexpectedly wholesome community?
people who ganged up on someone and beat the shit out of them, whats your story?
What sequel/prequel just was not needed and why?
How would your life be affected if Reddit didn’t exist?
You can get footage of any event ever to happen in humanity, what event do you choose?
Former paranormal skeptics of Reddit, what event caused you to change your view?
Why do non-Americans talk shit about Americans all the time?
Everything King Midas touched turned to gold, what do you want everything you touched turned into?
How do people who used ventilator for weeks learn to breath unconsciously again ?
What do you have right now that others will pay big money for?
What’s the next big technological advancement that will permanently change our society?
What is your least favorite video game enemy?
If you could have sex with any fiction female character who would it be?
What are some ethical, employee friendly alternatives to using the major corporate grocery delivery services?
Which celebrity would you want to be friends with even it they weren't famous?
In the original Sleeping Beauty movie by Disney the third fairy, Merryweather, never got to bestow her gift before being interrupted by Maleficent. What was her gift?
Wich two fictional characters do you ship ? And why ?
What's the saddest thing you've ever saw someone do?
What's a fucked up film everybody should watch?
What products/routines are helping you be sane during this lock down?
What's the saddest thing you've ever saw someone do?
What are some good snacks to buy in these trying times?
What's the saddest thing you've ever saw someone do?
What's your trick to tell someone that your are interested in them without verbally telling them?
What TV or movie intro do you never skip?
How would you extract a unit of feeling?
What are you into now that would greatly piss off child you?
Bored people of Reddit, what shows have insane rewatchability?
What is the sweetest revenge against a bully you’ve seen or done?
Look to your left, and what that thing is is how you die. How do you die?
Redditors who have been successful with discipline in your life, what is your secret?
If you could switch the personality &amp; traits of two animals, which two and how would that now effect them?
Doctors of Reddit, what are the most horrific injuries you've ever had to treat?
Parents of reddit, what's the creepiest/scariest/most horrifying thing your toddler has told you?
What stresses you out the most?
What’s your favorite ‘end of the world’ song?
Why do majority of people esp at universities have an intense dislike towards capitalism ?
How many people would you take with you if you had the ability to instantly travel to another planet that supports life?
What is your kink?
What is the most bizarre thing you have seen on the internet?
Who is a historical figure you have a crush on and why?
What movie title sums up your life?
What are some interesting, but completely useless facts you know?
What is 9 + 10 and how is it possible to get 21 ?
People who worked and left after a single day, what was the job and why'd you leave?
Which comedian could actually be a good president?
For the ones who bought and hoarded toilet paper, how do you feel about your purchase currently?
If you could make your farts smell like anything, what would you choose and why?
What words do you find amusing for no apparent reason?
A wise man once said "People are a product of their memories, and how they react to them", what is your product?
People who wear thong underwear, what's your emergency plan if you get pantsed in public?
What conspiracy theory has made you doubt reality?
What is the wierdest dream you still remember till this day ?
What’s the funniest insult you have heard/read in an online video game lobby?
People who send friend requests to people you absolutely do not know but have 1-2 mutual friends on Facebook, why do you do that??
What are you most afraid of- Zombies or ghosts?
What is the worst feeling in the world?
What is the biggest scam that people keep falling for?
[Serious] What is your deepest regret?
If you have a "one that got away", what's the story?
You wake up, it's 600 BC. What knowledge or piece of everyday kit from 2020 can you use to make you rule in 600 BC?
What is your favourite hip hop song from GTA 5 ?
What is something interesting you found in your room, but had forgotten all about?
If you were a time traveller, based on personal expierence or universal agreement, and on an order of Recent to the Past, how would you nudge humanity off to a better road?
What are some people you’ve met online that you wished you could talk to again, and what would you say?
Redditors, what ridiculous situations happened to you when you were in school/college?
What makes you yourself?
What conspiracy theories do you believe in, and why?
Artists of reddit, what do you do when someone reports your art without credit or permission and is ignoring your comments asking for credit?
What are some creative ways to know if your Partner is cheating on you when you are in a long distance relationship?
Where do you think you would go sleepwalking if you were to be anywhere other than in your house?
What do you consider the greatest comic strip of all time?
What should be funny but really just sad?
What will the world be like in 2100?
What’s something that seems innocent at first, but becomes dirty the more you think about it?
What do you plan on doing with your life?
Why can't we simply end monopolies in a capitalist system by bringing down tax collection to a bare minimum amount say 2-3%. The lesser the money, the lesser the govt gives it to banks and cooperate bailouts and monopolies cease to exist?
[serious] people who have worked behind the scenes with Darren Brown, how much of it is ‘real’?
When does a boy become a man?
What do you think is the greatest invention within the past century and why?
What is the single funniest internet video you’ve ever seen?
How does unemployment work?
What are some fun subreddits?
What great things are horrible when mixed?
You could turn anything in the world orange, what would you change and why?
What are some advices you would give to someone who is going to move out of their parents´ house?
What is the most embarrassing case of online ghosting you have experienced ?
What are good topics for entertainment speeches ?
You wake up in a body of an opposite sex. What the first thing you do?
What is your eating schedule or habits in isolation?
what is the best subreddit and why?
What would you do if where you lived, turned into a BIG Cod Warzone LMS match?
What’s the riskiest thing you have ever done that actually ended up paying off?
If you had one week to spend 10 million dollars what would you buy?
What is something your country won't admit that they've done wrong?
What name comes with character assumptions? What are they?
What's the best thing about being a parent?
What other current events are being overlooked?
What are surprised that suddenly you miss doing?
What's a quote or phrase you have carried with you that's had quite an impact on your life?
If aliens landed on Earth, what would their first reactions be?
You go back to 1980’s, you can show only one thing, to any person, what would you show?
Have you even encountered your doppelganger? what happened?
What's something everyone can relate to?
[NSFW] What is not accurate about gay porn?
What’s the first age where you truly “felt like your age”?
What did toy accidentally do that turned out to be awesome?
Dead people of reddit, what is your story?
Who was your favorite Disney princess and why?
What type of people can you not stand?
Entrepreneurs of reddit, what’s the best advice you could give to someone to wants to start their own company?
People who constantly post inspirational quotes on social media, what are the ones you actually live by, if any?
If all foods had the same health benefits, what would your diet look like?
What is it like living/being in an area or city that is filming for an apocalypse movie where streets are emptied?
Redditors who have played Russian roulette, What was the experience like?
What subreddit explains you best and why?
What do you think most people are dishonest about?
What is your favourite subreddit and why?
Selfish people who are ignoring the rules, why?
What is the best experience you had on reddit ?
How many times can you dry off with a towel before it’s dirty?
If life was controlled by EA what would some of the micro transactions be?
What’s the nicest thing a stranger has done for you that has stuck with you for a long time? (Serious)
How’s your day going?
If you would not want to be killed to be eaten by somebody who didn’t need to eat you to survive, why would you kill and eat any other animal who you didn’t need to eat to survive?
Why are people freaking out ove 5G towers?
It is illegal for an 18 year old American to consume alcohol or marijuana, because they are underage. But they are “adults” and can therefore technically go to prison/jail for it right? How do Americans feel about this?
What are some atypical pet names for a significant other?
What’s the most ironically productive thing you’ve ever done instead while procrastinating?
Your goal: Save the world from this crisis. Your superpower: You can teleport any animal to any specific location in the world. What do you do?
What's on your to-do list?
What's a video game that's a good time sink?
Bonus points for plants AND animals, what do you think is the most successful species?
What is your favourite version/cover/remix etc of Soviet Anthem ?
How do you make legit west indian pancakes, what ingredients, how much?
What are your best/craziest concert experiences?
What's the stupidest shit you've ever seen?
Let's bring simplicity! Where are you from?
What's the best subreddit to talk with trans people?
You get sent back in time 1 week prior and get to change a scenario during that week. What would you do and why?
What do you call books like the ones in Gravity Falls? Like, not journals, but with scientific diagrams and notes on mythical creatures, and codes to decipher, ya'know?
What seemingly harmless item can be dangerous in the right hands?
Alarm setters of Reddit, do you set multiple alarms for the next day before sleeping? If yes, why?
Have you ever gotten your heart broken in a non-romantic way? If so, what is your story?
What’s the worst advice you’ve received and followed?
What pisses you off the most?
What was the best insult you’ve heard directed to you?
Why or why not do you think it’s safer to just delete a wrong number text instead of telling them they have the wrong number, or is that an asshole thing to do?
which unexpected companies make a lot of different category items?
If you could fly at 60mph for a total of 8 hours a day where would you go?
When has a parent embarrassed you most in front of other people?
What's something meaningless and unimportant people do, that makes you want to bite their head off?
What’s the most disturbing lie you were told?
Reddit, what are some of your favorite, more unknown YouTubers that could use some love?
What Is Your Favorite Non-English Song?
What are the most underrated baby names?
You can travel back to any year in the 21st century. What year do you go to and why?
How do you train a dog to sniff drugs?
Nuclear workers, what workplace silliness have you gotten up to?
What person did you think was dead but is still alive or the other way around ?
A zombie apocalypse has broken out, what's your game plan?
How to get rid of headache without medicine??
What would you do if you found your friend nudes?
How would you utilize Virtual Reality technology for your business during a stay at home order?
What are TV series to watch right now that match the brilliance of Richardly and Mortimer ?
Everytime you perform an act of kindness you magically get a dollar. What's the fastest way for you to become a billionaire by the end of the year?
What did you used to do that now makes you disgusted?
What will be the greatest and most random plot twist that you can think of for your favorite movie/TV series?
Primary school teachers of reddit, ever grasp any obvious hint that one of your childs is gonna be a sociopath? What happened?
Who would win in WW3?
What's the creepiest thing that happened to you that other people witnessed with you?
You have the ability to kill one person in the world. Who is it?
What's your favorite or most memorable short story?
Reddit is like a Fridge. Whenever you are bored you open it. Do you agree? Or do you have any other analogies?
What movies are better the 2nd time watched?
How do you beat Brock if you chose Charmander?
Who are the most famous celebrity deaths that broke the internet?
Whether career or hobby, how did you find your passion in life?
[Serious] Where and How to find date after college?
Teachers of Reddit, what do you think of memes made about your subject?
What’s Your Essential Job?
Why do many people hate the Ice Age baby?
Why does America has less number of authentic dishes compared to other cuisines?
[serious] how to learn any skill faster?
If you could only have 2 senses, which would you choose?
What emits big dick energy?
You go to an alternate universe where there was no MCU. What do you do?
What do you hope Humanity achieves by year 2100?
Why do you feel so bad being socially inferior when it is the norm these days?
Transsexual people of reddit what did change in your life after you got operated?
How do you motivate yourself to do work at home?
What are you most thankful for?
What song/artist completely changed your taste in music?
People on team Carole Baskin, why?
If reincarnation is possible, what would you like to be in your next life?
You wake up in a WW2 tank, what do you do?
What’s that embarrassing moment that keeps you up at night?
How would you feel about a law which would require citizens to vote?
Retail workers of Reddit - what job do you wish you were doing? [SERIOUS]
If you could erase one day of your life from your memory, which one would you choose and why?
Gentlemen of Reddit, what is the strangest or most dangerous thing you've stuck your dick in?
Will you always use Reddit as an escape from real life? Have you ever thought of being a better person and building up to a more respectable state of being? Why is this not a common desire?
Metalheads: What are the rules (if any) for a mosh pit?
What is the most intellectual fact or equation you know of?
How do you not give a fuck?
What is a real life example of speech 100 you've actually seen?
People who successfully performed Autofellatio, how was it?
What is something you have experienced that made you ask "what just happened?"
People with multiple PHDs in mathematics, what is 1+1?
How do you get your shit together right now?
What remake movie or TV show shouldn't have happened?
[Serious] What is your darkest secret?
People that work in law enforcement: what do movies/tv shows get wrong?
How do you think the world will end?
What is your favorite fanfiction ?
Redditors who have served in the military, Are drill instructors really hard asses all the time like portrayed in Hollywood movies?
Why people don't invent a new speaking language?
What 80's band would you love for the younger generation to rediscover?
You're in charge of making sure that Trump wins the 2020 election. How do you do it?
What is a secret you have been told but can’t share with anyone?
[Serious] It takes 21 days to break a habit. What habits did you successfully break?
Athletes of reddit: What’s your most embarrassing moment when playing in a game?
Star Fox Fans: If you hate Slippy Toad or find him annoying, Why?
If nobody goes to work, who will pay taxes?
Do you wipe back to front or front to back and why?
For those of you in the United Kingdom, what are your honest thoughts on the monarchy?
What’s it like being in a coma for a very long time then waking up?
What’s the worst you’ve ever been hurt by a prank?
When technology advances, would you want try having a baby using ectogenesis why or why not?
What is the most overrated/underrated sub?
What was your craziest dream?
What makes you think we’ve finally hit the period that will mark the end of human civilization?
what’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done for a crush?
How do you stay positive when everything is going wrong in your life?
For people sheltering in place, what is the most surprising thing you have needed to do that you did not anticipate?
Religious or now not religious people of Reddit, what are things that you absolutely hated in your religion but couldn't tell anyone because of their belief?
What are you excited about at the moment?
[Serious]What if 3 different psychics have the same reading?
If you had 1 year to live, and whatever you do in that year is put on continuous repeat in your mind when you're dead, how would you spend it?
Plumbers of Reddit, what are your horror stories?
What would your 9 year old self think of you now?
Why is Dr. Phil such a heartthrob?
People who don’t seek attention or the approval of others, how do you do it?
What's your favourite season? Why?
What’s your #1 video game? Console system?
What's the most beautiful language?
How much would you hate to date a girl redditor?
What secret have you learned about your SO while stuck at home?
What's the best way to make your doctor extremely uncomfortable during your appointment?
What’s your least favorite song?
what is the story of your craziest psychedelic experience?
If you could go back in time and share one piece of current knowledge to change future events for the better, what would you share?
How much has ocean noise been reduced by the reduction in shipping and cruises?
You wake up, and it's 1950. What do you google first?
It's 2120 and you are browsing TIL sub. What are some interesting threads about our time that would be there ?
People that are currently working in supermarkets/essential shops, what’s your customer horror story?
What are some of the craziest examples of abuse of power/illegal acts by leaders/governments that are not talked about?
If everything costed $1, how many dollars would you need to be satisfied?
People who didn't believed in long distance relationships, what are your thoughts about it now?
What do you think about Venezuela?
How do know the difference between someone not liking you and someone being shy?
Gamers of reddit, what game do you think is underrated right now?
College students who have now gone completely online for school, how is that going for you?
People who have dated/married someone who was in an unstable home, how did you react/help their situation?
What global disaster do you think is much worse than our current situation if it would happen?
You're playing truth or dare with Donald Trump. He chooses dare. What would you dare him to do?
What was the most embarrassing photo of you ever taken?
What is a good comeback for “you have no use in this world?”
What science experiment would you like to see done, assuming it didn’t have to be ethical?
Why not just go play Skyrim again?
What’s your best example of a day that started out good but turned out to be a horrible one?
What is the one secret that no one knows and you can say it anonymously??
You're in charge of defeating Trump in 2020. How do you do it?
What’s the worst kind of snob?
What's your favorite video game level in concept, but not in execution?
What's the most dramatic existence you had?
Park Rangers of Reddit, what's the coolest thing in nature you've seen while on the job?
Do you think it’s possible for an individual to change the world? Why or why not?
how was your reaction when you were caugth watching porn?
If you'll gonna die, what song would you like to play at your funeral?
Chef’s of Reddit, what are some unspoken rules of the kitchen or your profession in general?
If life was a video game and you were to die, what kind of loot would you drop?
[Serious] what do you think is the worst sub/forum?
If life was a game, what would be the final objective?
Students of reddit, What was the most dumbest reason you got sent to the principal?
The grim reaper tells you that you can sacrifice the life of a random person to bring a loved one back from the dead. Would you do it? Why or why not?
What are you going through now that you could use some support or advice with?
Is it safe to use a PS3 hard drive which is one of the screws is missing?
Tattoo artists of reddit. Have you evertattooed someone who turned you on, tell us the story? Was it difficult to stay composed and professional?
Girls, what do you think is the lowest type of male person and at what point do you not even care if they die?
You can shoot out any substance from the tip of your fingers. What is it?
What would you do if you were trying to make some weed brownies and 3 powerful little white girls came out?
What game during this stay home time should a 67m try who is computer literate but never gamed before?
What are the most interesting topics to talk with a girl?
What’s the difference between being in someone else’s shoes and just being a yes man?
If you could be an animal which animal would you be and why?
What is a good idea in fiction but just stupid in real life?
People who believe in a God, what would you do if you and everyone else knew 100% he didn’t exist? What about vice versa for people who don’t believe in one?
Your pet can now talk. What is the first thing it says to you?
People with epilepsy, do you sometimes watch videos with seizure warnings just a little out of curiosity? How do you deal with the curiosity?
How do you deal with all the boxes that come from a partner that does all shopping online?
[Serious] What profession would you change to if it paid well?
People with physical disabilities, what's your story?
People with favourite words, what's your criteria for a word to sound nice?
What is illegal but undeniably honorable?
What is the craziest story that you can share with Reddit ?
People of Reddit, what are some things you see in poor neighbourhoods that you’ll never see in rich neighbourhoods?
[Serious] What was a time you gave someone advice that they actually followed and it backfired?
What are some of your favourite memes of all time?
You can remove 1 item thats not bigger than 2 square meters what will you remove?
What would you like to be complimented on?
What is your favorite WRPG of all time?
[Serious] Atheists of Reddit, was there an event that caused you to lose your faith? If so, what was it?
If life was an RPG, who would be your final boss?
Why when you remove just 1 millionth of a % of charged particles in a human and stand that human next to another neutrally charged human, would you experience a force 1 billion times greater than the mass of the sun?
How likely is martial law to become a reality in the United States if things keep getting worse?
What nintendo series will probably get another game soon?
How do you make someone feel special when dating them ?
You are awoken to the sounds of the alien invasion in your city/town. The object to your left is your weapon. How do you defeat the aliens?
If you had to disappear from your family and friends, where would you go?
Reddit, how can one get laid?
What is an absolute turn-off (that you just aren’t willing to work around) that would cause you to end or not even start a relationship?
How many rooms have you rearranged your furniture since "shelter in place"?
What is something you never had time for that our predicament has pushed you to do?
If you're given a choice, what's your most preferred way of dying?
Why are people non-compliant with Stay-At-Home?
Lawyer's of reddit, (Writing a character who is a law student.) what are some essentials when studying law?
Why do you think Thanos was wrong? What would you do differently?
[Serious] Who are you, no seriously?
your neigbour has footage of you hurting his dogs how do you hack his computer to delete the videos ??
What is the worst thing you had to do at your job and why?
You have to chose 1 state to remove from the USA, which one and why?
What’s the coolest name to give your child?
What have you always wanted to know about India but never bothered to ask?
What's the funniest shit you've ever heard/seen?
What are some mental health tricks to stay happy in these hard times?
Where would it be horrible to start laughing?
What swear words do you know?
What is the reason why some people have fate intervene in their life to propel them to success while some others languish in sadness and despair?
Therapists of Reddit, what story that one of your patients has told you made you cry during or after a session?
What turns you on?
What advancement in technology should we expect 50 years from now?
What don’t they tell you about certain professions before you enter the field?
If you could send a single message to the whole world at the same time and everyone would understand it. What would it be?
What are some encounters you had with stupid people?
Christiansborg Palace in Denmark has huge unique tapestries that portray impactful events and famous people of the past centuries. So far, what events/people should make it for the 21st century and why?
Whats the most strangest dreams you had?
People of Reddit who have died, then been revived, what did you see on the other side?
[Serious] Is the USA PATRIOT Act the most intrusive and destructive piece of legislation in regards to privacy in human history? Why/why not?
What is your favorite behind-the-scenes story from a high profile movie or tv show?
At what point where you psychologically decimated so thoroughly you gave up on every prospect you have seen other people so easily achieve?
People with clingy friends who just can't be alone, what is something that you wish you could say to them?
What's your biggest "Are you kidding me?" moment?
How do you make popcorn taste really good?
It is currently illegal to kiss your homies goodnight: What do you do instead?
If you had total control over your dreams, and how long they are,what would you want to dream about?
What's a conspiracy theory you believe?
Which five or less words would you use to describe yourself?
If you could get one post pinned to the top of any Subreddit for the rest of time and have it immune to Mod powers, what Sub and what would the post be?
[Serious] How much is $1 worth to you in terms of human energy?
How does one tell their dog that they are adopted?
[serious] What are the signs of being the unattractive friend of the group?
People who have a lot of karma, how?
What is the best way to deal with stupid people?
What’s a movie you like from a genre you usually don’t enjoy?
What is something about history that's well known, but wrong?
Homeowners of reddit, did your realtor rip you off and how much hidden damage did your property have?
What's something you've told other people but not your significant other?
What’s the funniest comment you can write?
Commission artists of reddit what is the weirdest nsfw thing you were asked to draw?
What is the worst thing anyone has ever done to you or anyone related to you?
What is your favourite memory from your childhood?
Driving instructors of r/AskReddit, what is the dumbest thing you've seen a student do behind the wheel?
What are some cool free virtual services/resources being offered by companies and businesses right now?
BOOM! You now know litterally everything, what do you do with this newfound intellect?
(SERIOUS) Those who have seen UFO's or other unexplained phenomena, what's your story?
People of reddit, what is the best relationship advice that you can give?
How to make a Facemask with a Bandana is this safe?
What is the oddest thing you have found on the side of the road?
What humans underestimate but can actually get them in trouble?
What is the worst song to play during childbirth?
Multilinguals, what is your favourite language to converse in and why?
You wake up and 2020 has restarted. What do you do first?
What's the deal with everyone making Banana Bread?
You have to spend one year in prison. When you are released you will have no criminal record and go back to whatever your life was before. What’s the least amount of money you would take to do this?
What fanbase are you the "old guard" of?
Do you feel that your parents made you grow up too quickly/slowly, and why or why not?
What would be the worst mother nature catastrophe that could happen to earth?
What was your "Oh,shit" moment ?
What would Avengers' names be if they were named like in Money Heist?
What was the Most Painful Thing You've Ever Felt?
Whats the most wholesome thing someone that hated you did for you?
What food do you hate that everybody seems to like?
What’s the most ideal day you can have nowadays?
Which tourist attractions are overrated?
If someone unplugged your headphones in public, what song would you be most comfortable with playing?
Where did you hide condoms from your parents?
[Serious] What is the best company you've ever worked for that offered the best combo of comp, work/life balance, benefits, perks, etc?
what kind of products only exist in cartoons?
what are signs that you're in a toxic relationship?
Males of Reddit, what is morning wood like? What’s your most embarrassing story of it?
What are people's reaction when taking off your shirt?
What is the best insult to shut a jerk up?
What is your most unexpected award?
Which sub never disappoints?
What superpower would you have and how would you use it?
People of reddit who hate furries, why do you hate furries?
What is the rarest thing on the internet?
Your front facing camera takes a picture right now, what does it take a photo of?
What tips would you have for keeping your car in shape when you're not driving it often?
People of Reddit who took a well-known or famous person to prom, what happened? Was it awkward? How’d you ask them? Did they actually hang out with you? [Serious]
When Disney World Announced the closure of mr toads wild ride, there was mass outrage. What ride would have massive backlash, to the point of protests and riots, if it were to be removed, and would you be mad?
What’s something that’s exciting for you but boring for others?
How are your 2020 New Years resolutions going?
How do you get over being romantically interested in a friend who hasn’t explicitly wronged you?
If you were in the hunger games what would your tactic be?
What do you miss about 2019?
if you could be a fruit what fruit would you be?
Say your crush asks you out, how do you react?
Do you wear Socks or Pants first,why one over the other?
What’s the most annoying thing about your town?
What would you do if everyone in the world suddenly starts hating you and wants to hurt you?
What is the dumbest argument you’ve ever been in?
[Serious] What are some questions to use when researching colleges and which one to go to?
What is the most underrated movie of all time?
If you had a chance to fully eliminate one group of people from Earth , who would it be?
What catastrophic event do you expect in the next 10 years?
Democrats/liberals of reddit- how would President Biden handle this crisis situation better, than Trump?
Why do you like to be alive ?
Have you ever spilled a secret? Why and what was the secret?
What is your gaming horror story?
What’s the weirdest fanfiction you’ve found?
What is the most underrated thing you know?
Your mission is to freak out a Walmart cashier with only 3 items to buy, what will you do/buy?
What impact do you think your existence has on the world?
[Serious] how to stop a dictatorship?
Without saying what the category is what is you Top 5 ?
What would you do if you could erase anything?
People of reddit what is the happiest thing that has happened to you this past few weeks?
If you could understand your pet, what would it be saying to you?
What is something cool your learning how to do that nobody knows about?
Women of Reddit, what are some of your dating horror stories?
Redditors with PTSD, how y’ doing? [Serious]
Reddit users who use Roblox, is anyone up to help yours truley to get items in labyrinth?
What is your favorite anime movie?
How did the killing of Harambe actually bring about a 'Renaissance' in meme and meme culture?
Redditors who are deemed essential workers but don’t have jobs we would expect, what do you do?
What celebrity everybody seems to love but is actually a terrible person?
What’s the most surprising thing that’s ever turned you on?
What did you think adult life would be like when you were a teenager? What is your life actually like?
What is the best most underrated anime you have enjoyed? And why?
Where is the ORGINAL Eleanor Rigby song that goes like “ahh look at all the lonely people” Not the “The Beatles” version?
Just curious what is your opinion on CBD &amp; Pets?
You accidentally start a nuclear war. What's the first thing you do?
What do you think will be changed in society if social credit was introduced to all nations of the world?
How’s the weather out there today?
Where is the best place to go to meet awesome people?
What are some of the most misleading reddit community names?
What's a movie that you would make a musical of, that isn't a musical?
What are some store brands or no name brand foods that are better than the name brands?
Whats the scariest thing you've ever done?
As the world has come to a standstill for many of us, how has your outlook changed towards life in general? Have you become more fearful or more fearless? Thinking of trying new things? Trying for new job? Appreciating family more?
What do you think about shaving your ass before consulting a hemoroid doctor?
Does not being able to receive Eucharist create any withdrawal type feelings in folks who have formed the weekly habit of attending services?
When did Reddit trample all over your spirit and soul and have you recovered, do you think you ever will?
What is a food that tastes better the day after it's made and not the day of?
What’s a tiny but mind-blowing fun fact?
What are some of your best memories about Power Rangers?
Hispanics of Reddit; do you believe in Llorona, and why do you?
What's the worst thing you saw in a bathroom ?
Which is better, Mario or Sonic?
Guys of Reddit, how do you feel about belly button piercings?
Americans of Reddit: What is the best and worst thing about your state?
What sounds good in theory but is horrible in reality?
during this time of isolation, how are long-distance relationships holding up? how are you comforting those around you, knowing this period may be indefinite?
How do you teach someone to use chopsticks?
Upon death you are given the chance to live the life of any historical figure. Who are you choosing and why ?
Americans, how annoying is the fact, that price tags are pre tax?
If you had the ability to make one person immortal, who would you use it on?
What made you nope out of an apartment/house?
Astronomers of Reddit, what’s the coolest thing you’ve seen up in the stars?
What is it like to have emotions?
how can we make reddit more like twitter?
What was the horror story or scary myth from your school?
In the United States we have a group of people called the Amish who live in various parts of the country, they live a simple life not adopting modern technology, what are some similar groups that exist in other countries around the world?
Without naming it, what is your hometown known for?
What is a video game item you would want to have in real life?
Has anyone tried the new Cinnamon Coke? What do you think?
How's the news from where the people don't understand anything at all ?
How does Power Corrupt?
What’s an instinct that humans have that is no longer acceptable in society?
You go back in time 1 year what do you do?
Younger siblings of reddit, what is something we can all relate to with having an older sibling?
StarCraft players of Reddit, how are the chances of humans winning?
Weirdos of Reddit: now that the going has gone weird, how are you going pro?
50 years from now, what should we expect here in Earth? [Serious]
Those of you who were in a cult. What is your story?
When's life going to return to relative normality?
Who would you bet on in a fight to the death between the founders of The United States of America?
if your country uses this crisis as an excuse for mass surveillance, how will you react?
What is your favorite movie quote?
Whats your favorite pre-2000s song and why?
Anyone in or who has been in a long distance relationship, what did you do to make it easier?
Just heard in the news that Trump's popularity is on the rise, how do you Americans explain this?
When did you make a huge withdrawal from your luck account?
What is an easy low stress job?
People who say size doesn't matter. Why or why not?
For the next 60 seconds, you control the actions of every single human on Earth. How do you create the most chaos?
On a scale of 1-10, how strict are/were your parents?
What was the last movie that left you feeling mind-blown after leaving the theatre?
If your life was a kitchen tool, which one would it be and why?
Car people of reddit, what are some red flags when selling certain kinds of cars?
People of Reddit, what’s your favorite country in the Middle East?
If you could ask the President one question, what would it be?
Antivaxxers, what made you believe vaccination is wrong?
What's the most memorable way you've ever seen a fight get broken up?
If you could choose your own nickname, what would it be?
What is your day to day routine?
What was the last critical decision you’ve made?
What do rich people know that poor people don’t?
What did you inherit from your parents?
What cover is better than the original song?
People of reddit , what made you hate emojis ?
What are some small or drastic changes you've seen in the area you live over the last 10 years?
What is the most strangest thing to happen to you?
You suddenly wake up in 2020, what do you google first? (Happy new year 2012 everyone!!)?
People of reddit, let's say you have a child and you're listening to music, and they hear and say "They stole that from tiktok!", your next action has to be legal, what do you do?
What is a common job, that few people actually know about. That requires little or no pre-education, that you can make a decent living off of. 40k+ ?
What is an opinion you hold that most people disagree with?
What do you think about the show Tiger King?
What is the most fancy way you can describe your job?
Artists of Reddit, what is the hardest thing to draw and why?
Hoarders and minimalist of reddit, how do you deal with small items that serve no purpose but you enjoy owning?
What is the most "complete" meal you have ever had?
[Serious] Teachers of Reddit in “stay at home” areas, how are you dealing with online teaching and do you have any tips for other teachers?
What are some examples of masculinity that isn’t toxic?
[Serious] How have the revelations about Louis C.K. affected how you feel about his standup and the show "Louie?"
[Serious] People who donate to large churches, what are you hoping to get out of it?
Redditors what was your best way in dealing with procastination?
What is something you think is cringe but feel like few people agree with you on that?
What can a man do to get more attention from girls?
[Serious] Therapists on reddit: How do you interact now with clients who had feelings of impending doom for the last year?
Redditors with helicopter parents, what’s your story of the most strict thing they’ve ever done?
If you were to be the Supreme Leader of Democratic People's Republic Of Korea or North Korea 🇰🇵 instead Kim Jong Un. What political changes you will bring about?
How many of you caught your parents having sex? How awkward it was?
What strange thing you saw in an amusement park?
Have any of your friendships developed through Reddit? If so, how did it happen? Are you still friends?
What’s a stupid argument that people need to stop using?
What is that one thing that you did that would have been much cooler if there was a song of your choice playing?
What are some nice things that you can do for yourself, while celebrating your birthday at home with no friends?
What were ridiculous lies you believed as a kid?
What is your favorite wisdom meme? Panzer of the lake, senpai of the pool, or wisdom dog and why?
Whos the best US vice president of all time?
What are some songs which are suitable for apocalypse?
What creeps you the most?
What is taboo for no reason?
What questions are you afraid of asking females?
The last generation had SpongeBob SquarePants, arguably one of the most recognizable cartoon characters of all time. What cartoon character from this generation is as iconic and recognizable as SpongeBob?
What’s something you’ve seen that you would pay good money to un-see?
What’s something you believe but can not prove?
Bongs are sold as waterpipes for tobacco in illegal states but you can also buy dab rigs with bangers. How do you smoke tobbaco out of a dab rig or how is it not considered paraphanelia?
People of Reddit what anime song always gets you nostalgic?
What are some examples of someone taking things too far and ruin it for everybody?
What do you think is crazy?
What is something you think us humans don't need?
Non Canadians, do you think the Canadian accent is attractive or endearing? Why?
Men in their late 20s/early 30s, what are your thoughts on a woman who tells you that she never wants to have biological children?
What game has the best soundtrack?
Redditors what kind of loot will you drop when you die?
What is your earliest memory?
For those of you who chose to do long distance relationships. How did you make it work? Pros and cons?
How do you think humanity will go extinct?
What is an occupation that really stands out from the crowd?
Is it safe to stop wiping altogether if you run out of toilet paper, why are why not?
If you could “overclock” your brain at the cost of a shorter lifespan, would you do it &amp; why?
Whats your most memorsble traumatic experience?
What do you think would have happened if the United States and Mexico had merged into one country (or the US took all of the land) after the Mexican-American war?
What’s the biggest mess you lied your way out of?
What is the most bizarre animal still in existence today?
How is your relationship with your family so far?
Men of reddit, how many times do you wash your hands when you go to the bathroom?
What are some unexpected effects of being pregnant?
People who have experienced wacky hi-jinks during the holidays in real life whats your story?
what's the one story you know is true that people don't believe?
What are the best phone games you have?
Redditors who’ve been to reality TV shows as audience members, what are some things you know which other people don’t?
Denture wearers of Reddit who use powder adhesive -- how do you get that horrible film off the roof of your mouth?
What do you think would be the worst way to die?
Redditors what is the fastest way to get cut out of your family?
What kind of catastrophe do you think is in store for us this month?
What is the first thing everyone should do after waking up?
The main character of the last game you played is placed in the last dream you had, what do they do?
What, in your opinion, is the best music ever made ?
What is something you wish you could explain about yourself, but you just can't?
How will space travel and development help/hurt humanity?
How many weeks/months are you from financial ruin if you had no more income today?
The world finds out that this whole social isolation thing is a big test by Elon Musk to see who can handle deep space travel and he gets a report on everyones performance.. what does your report say?
Hikkimoris of reddit, how did your life change the day after your government issued a "stay-in-home" order?
What is really useless that becomes necessary?
What is the most convincing proof of the paranormal that you can share a link to?
911/999 operators of Reddit, what is a call you thought was a prank, but turned out to be true?
Security workers of airports, What was the weirdest thing you saw in a person’s luggage?
You have to survive an apocalypse involving monsters, zombies and an asteroid. Which celebrity would you choose as your partner?
Children of pornstars what was it like growing up in that type of environment?
What is your favorite device that you own(ed)?
What's something that sounds to good to be true but is true?
What is your all time favorite song? When did you come to this realization?
Why are we here?
For people that use the word irregardless in any form of communication — why?
People of Reddit who have tried to kill themselves and survived, what were your final thoughts? Did you regret doing it even for a moment?
When were times that an actor got too big for their britches and ended up getting cut/replaced from a movie/tv show?
What is your pets weird obsession?
If there was a language you could learn without any problem or hesitation, which language would it be?
How do you explain the meaning of the word thought to a school going kid?
What's the meanest thing anyone has said about you to your face?
What’s the number one component in any truly good and healthy relationship?
What new hobbies have you picked up that you’d like to share?
Is it possible to be so drunk that you lose all control over your actions and do things you would otherwise never do or have thought about? When you are this drunk what does the mind think while performing acts?
People of Reddit what song gets you in the feels?
Whats something you could say to your significant other and a cake?
Your username is now your superpower. What do you have?
What are some YouTube channels you follow that have low quality production but high quality content?
When did you completely destroy the soul and spirit of a fellow Redditor? Do you regret it at all?
you're offered $5,000,000 to time travel into the future 30 years from now and kill your future self, would you do it? and How would you do it?
What’s a double standard that you don’t have a problem with?
You are 12 and victim to severe child abuse, how would you best handle it (step-by-step)?
What's a situation in which you were really afraid to confront someone, but you overcame your intense fear, leading to a brilliant favorable outcome?
When do you think it is the right time to upgrade/change your phone?
What's the weirdest thing you have seen your neighbors doing?
What was considered hot and sexy in the 80s and 90s that is not considered like that today?
What's the first thing you're going to do once the world opens up again?
Who was the most notorious kid in your high school?
What movie sequel (or prequel) ruined/redeemed the whole series for you?
Night shift employees of Reddit: What’s it like to being nocturnal?
Doctors and nurses: What weird and inexplicable things you've seen when people leave this world?
Why don't you feel stupid yet?
What is the first thing you are going to do once all of this is over?
What's a time that the group roast got personal?
Millennials of Reddit: If you are a parent or intend to become a parent, what values/lessons will you instill in your child that you feel your own parents failed to teach you?
What cover songs are better than the original?
What fake video game rumor did you fall for as a kid?
What is your most memorable dream?
What critically positive movie did you not enjoy?
What do you most regret never telling someone?
What is one thing you hate that everyone else loves?
What person (living or dead) deserves more recognition for their life story?
Which Youtuber would you recommend someone to binge watch?
What's your way of saying "of"... is it unique to your dialect or does it change with how you're using it, as in "a glass a' water" vs "the Battle of Gettysburg "?
What is the difference between relationship and best friendship other than physical intimacy?
DM's/GM's and players of Reddit, whats a story from a TTRPG that you love to tell other people in normal conversation?
What is your opinion on the color blue?
You wake up and it’s 2050, what do you google first?
What are some of the best idiotic fake news that spread throughout your country?
After LA &amp; NY, which American city is the most famous globally?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone then instantly regretted?
What are your thoughts on the bodybuilding.com misc section?
If humans suddenly turned nocturnal, what would the most interesting changes be?
People of Reddit, what does it usually take for you to block another Reddit user?
Unpopular adults of reddit, why is it you think people don't like you?
What do you need to get through the day?
Just a Simple Math Question: If a person from a planet that has a 2 week year is 422 years old, how many earth years old are they?
Assuming you were immune to addiction and all other repercussions. Which drug/drugs would you try ?
What would you never do for any amount of money, what others might do for free?
To all the women out there.....what would you do think men would do if EVERY SINGLE woman just woke up tomorrow and decieded to never have sex with men again?
What’s something that you think is underrated?
Why are posts staying on the front page for so long at the moment?
What happens at the end?
Vegans of Reddit, what is THE thing that made you consider becoming vegan ?
What seemed normal at the time, but raises huge red flags if you think about it today?
[serious] Humanity is at a crossroads. Facing an unprecendented situation today. How worse do you think, in your wildest imagination, things can go bad further from here?
Anime watchers, What are your thoughts on dubbed animes?
What is the most worded way to describe mundane things?
What ridiculous things do you do with your pets while no one else is watching?
If toys were actually real (like in Toy Story), which childhood toy of yours would be most disappointed that you’re not playing with it/got rid of it?
how do you text someone who is a brick wall to text?
You are one of the chosen for the Russian Sleep Experiment, and it has been a week within the chambers, you are the only one left with a grain of sanity, what do you do?
Guys of Reddit. If you had to choose what color would you have your nails painted?
What's a currently running show that you absolutely love that isn't well known?
Gamers of Reddit, what games are you playing?
[Serious] Redditors who have been shot, how did it happen? How would you describe the pain?
You are teleported into the last TV show you watched. What happpens?
have you ever witnesses someone being attacked, what happened?
What’s the best way to love?
[Serious] Redditors who started a relationship with someone you’ve never met IRL in another country, on the internet, how did it turn out?
What is your favorite color?
What is a big shit show right now?
What makes someone charming?
What is better when in small numbers?
When is it allowed to travel again?
What is your worst experience as a waiter?
What’s something you surprisingly still don’t know how to do?
What thing has been sexualised too much that it can't be undone ?
Why do farts smell different when they come from under water?
What device are you currently using?
What is something weird you do and do you think others do the same ?
[SERIOUS] What is your life’s biggest “character development” moment(s) yet ?
Teachers of reddit, how could you tell a student's crush?
What's Some Great Music To Listen To When Your Kid Is Sick?
What is the story behind your username?
What are the things you regret doing in your life?
Who is your all-time, no doubt, no questions asked, number one, absolute best television character?
You are given a way to go anywhere, any time, but not a way back. Where/when do you go?
Redditors in isolation, what are you doing to pass the time?
What's the luckiest thing that happened to you, or happened to someone you know?
A lot of people are making their own bread for the first time. What are some good recipes to help show that bread off?
Do people get back with each other from a bad break up? What Are your experiences?
For anyone in the US... how much does your healthcare cost?
what are pc gaming's best cities and why?
What if Wolverine's claws and lightsaber get mixed up?
If you like pornhub, why should you love pornhub live?
If you could win $200 for picking your company’s slogan for motivating employees for the next year what would it be?
Women of Reddit: Why do you want big puffy lips? What's the motivation behind this trend?
What is the craziest thing that happened to you during a match?
parents of reddit - what's the greatest scare your kids ever gave you?
What is a work smarter not harder story gone wrong?
What are you doing to keep yourself occupied in isolation?
What is your personal ideal government?
What are some things people don't understand about the opposite gender?
If you could replace your saliva with anything, what would it be?
What are some inventions that were originally created for evil that were later turned into something helpful or productive ?
When was the most satisfying time you’ve caught some in a lie?
What is a question that no one has asked but you still know the answer to?
Let us say if you have inherited your parents money right now. what would you do with the money starting tomorrow?
You're allowed to ask Queen Elizabeth one question. What would you ask?
What current day songs will be seen as classics?
What subreddits are you subscribed to that do not interest you anymore?
What's the word for when you send someone's bad online behaviour to their employer?
People who believe “God” can save them from death, why?
What „premium“ product features should be standard by 2020?
What do you do to pass the time while you bathe?
People in arranged marriages, what's it like?
Escape room designers of reddit. What are some tips to make it out of an escape room as fast as possible?
What are the things you wish you knew at 20 ?
Video game designers/developers, what is the best Easter egg you have ever put into a game?
What conspiracy theories do you believe?
If peanut butter wasn’t called peanut butter, what would it be called?
Whats supposed to be scary but isn't?
What do you like doing the most in your free time?
This question is to guys! Every girl is worried about stretch marks, cellulite, a bit of extra fat. Though what do you guys think about it? Do you think thing like this makes a girl less attractive?
You have discovered a time travelling machine,what year will you travel to?
What are some weird subreddits to look at?
when was your "Holy Sh*t dude you killed her" moment?
What are some of the tastes you distinctly remember despite the flow of years, like polio vaccine drops? Also, why?
What are some really good video game lore/story that you can read on the internet?
Parents of Reddit, what is your unique bonding method / activity with your child?
What did your boss do that made you love working for them?
What is your honest opinion on gentrification?
Do you believe in god, if so why, and who or what is it?
What’s a reasonable solution to stop snoring when those little nose strips aren’t working?
What perfect question do you have for "Who wants to be a Millionaire"?
What is a hated thing that you secretly enjoy, but would never admit to a friend?
What do you notice first about yourself when looking in a mirror?
imagine this isolation thing is our new normal, what do you love about it, and what's one detail other than going back to our lives three weeks ago would you bring back?
Handicapped/disabled people of Reddit, what are the worst assumptions people have made about you, and how did you prove them wrong?
What tells you it is time to leave this relationship?
What do you think about Money Heist Season 4?
What if this whole time you thought you were eventually gonna die, immortality were invented by scientists?
What was the best name you or someone you knew gave to their pet and what type of animal was it?
You’re back in the Medieval Period, the thing on your left is the only thing you have from the present, how lucky are you?
If you were sent through time and spawn in a room, the year is 3000, people ask you about what 2020 was like so they can write a history book about it. What is the first thing you tell them about the current year?
Do you think it's a good or bad thing when CEOs get with girls and have children. Why?
What was something that you experienced that almost seemed straight out of a movie?
What does this expiry date mean: "Best Before: FR20148 (D/M/Y)"? Are there industry standards for best Before dates?
Which one would you keep?
People who work or have been in a bowling alley, what’s the most insane or stupid shot you’ve seen?
When did you realize that all Hell was about to break loose?
What's something paranormal that you've experienced?
Britons of Reddit, what did you think of the Queen's speech just now and how much does the word and action of the Queen affect your action?
What's the most creative way you've ever insulted someone, and what happened afterwards?
Best way to show appreciation when have little to no money?
Is it necessary for them to always show people bathing on the 600-lb Life tv show?
What’s the worst possible thing to say when somebody knocks on a public restroom door that you’re inside of?
Can’t wait for everything to bloom to show life goes in. Who else?
What was the most romantic/intimate moment that you ever had?
What’s one thing your region is known for but actually, another region does much better?
Atheists of Reddit, what caused you to stop believing in god?
If you were given a robot that could do one chore for you, what would that chore be?
What is the bee's knees in your opinion?
In relationships do you think opposites really attract? Why / why not?
What do you know about medical science today which you didn't know two months ago?
Scientists create a collar that translates dog’s thoughts into words. What is the first thing that is “spoken” by the collar?
For every dollar you earn in a video game, you earn in real life, what games are you going to play?
What are some red flags about anything that should tell you to get out while you can?
People who are single from birth, who do you drink text/call?
How r u coping with the fact that one day you'll cease to exist?
What's the weirdest thing you've done lately?
Why did you divorce? [Serious]
What's the coolest collectors item you have?
What is the greatest stereotype you've heard about the country you live in?
What joke makes you laugh every time?
What video game character has had the biggest impact on you and why?
If you could insert one expletive into the Lord Of The Rings trilogy, where would you put it?
What two ingredients would make the worst smelling candle?
How to understand Electronics and Communication Engineering concepts by Self Study? Is there any online community to discuss the doubts?
What was a key point or event that happened in your life?
[nsfw] Which Reddit or 4Chan thread do you think is the creepiest?
What story-telling song stuck with you?
What made you stop watching your favorite tv show before the series ended?
You have one wish What would you ask for?
What’s your favorite video game and why?
If you were to have a full on conversation with your clone, what would it be about?
Whats the best episode of Seinfeld?
People on the receiving end of a celebrity donation, was it actually helpful or was just for show?
(Serious) Adults of Reddit, what adult skill do you still not have?
What movie has the best knife fight?
What strange experiences have you had with dreams?
What is your worst Reddit experience?
What are some good post war movies?
What was the weirdest dream you ever had?
In terms of video game bosses, who was/is your white whale?
What are the Maths and physics concepts one should know for acing Electronics and Communication Engineering?
Younger siblings of Reddit why do you go to the toilet when your older siblings are using it ?
What would you do if there was a porn wanking license with limited uses and you had to get your parents everytime you wanted to renew it ?
What is your favorite memory?
What is you childhood nickname and how did you get it?
The world will end on the 22nd of April. What will you do until then?
which subreddit should you visit if you like seeing people get mad at each other?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
You either get 20m dollars or can restart your life with the current information you have , which one will you choose ?
What is the earliest memory you have of a decision that changed your life forever?
What would YOU put Jared Kushner in charge of?
What small changes can we make in every day life to ultimately improve our health and well-being?
What are you doing do keep yourselves entertained during these trying times?
[Serious]How many complaints on Reddit are just rephrases of "You (as a person, a corporation, a class or a government) value yourself more than you value me?"
Americans of Reddit, how does newspaper carrying work in the US?
People who have been cheated on, how did you find out?
What are your cool stories about beating the fuck out of someone in public?
[Serious] Parents of reddit - How has your kids' elementary school provided online learning so far and what do you wish they were doing differently?
Which once dominant companies are about to fall?
You're alone with your dog when he/she says "No one will ever believe you" and then doesn't speak again. What do you do?
If you could be invisible for a day , what would you do ?
Irish Prime minister returned to doctoring in our current crisis. In what kind of crisis would your state leader be hands on useful?
How is the queen still alive?
What's one thing you regret saying ?
Reddit, what’s the most hilarious thing that happened on your birthday?
What Made You Heart Warmed By A Friend You Met Online?
People who open doors immediately after knocking without waiting for a response - why? Who taught you that was acceptable?
What’s your favorite movie and why?
What are your biggest celebrity flexes?
When’s a time you tried to show off and instantly regretted it?
Why don’t schools focus more on MLK’s fight against economic inequality and the war on Vietnam?
What items or ways of living fall under when wealth whispers?
Who is someone your community greatly admires that others should know about; your native son/daughter?
What is the weird nickname that you call your grandparents?
How do you make cearel?
[SERIOUS] To those of you who had an intention to vote Trump next November, has his handing of the crisis so far changed your view and if not, why?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is the most surprising thing you have seen your pet do?
What are you going to change after life returns to normal?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what do you think of American Football?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
What isn't illegal but is extremely socially unacceptable?
Animals of Reddit, what animal are you and what human problem do you not understand?
What is the recipe to make difficult and unforgiving game?
What online community are you glad you left?
What can't you do that you should normally be able to do?
When things "return to normal" what changes do you think must be done? What do you think will actually happen?
How close are we to the end of world by now?
Multiple hundreds of people are likely to have pictures of you in their pictures without you probably ever knowing .What do you think about that?
How was the rudest customer you ever had?
What is your experience with dating a social media influencer?
What security camera footage of you exists but has yet to surface?
What are some orders you’re supposed to ignore in your job?
Why do yt channels die?
Maverick hunters of Reddit, how do we combat Sigma's vile scheme to infect younger Reploids?
What is currently extremely underrated?
What do you think your country would be like if everyone's voting record was publicly available?
What's the weirdest reason you've unmatched with someone on a dating app?
Members of reddit, how are we feeling today?
How many Tunaks and Tuns are there overall in Tunak Tunaktun Tarara song?
What is your favourite quote?
[SERIOUS] What’s it like being a psychologist/psychiatrist ?
What are the top 3 vice services and products that will see a boom in consumption once (if) lock-downs are over?
Where would you go if Reddit closed down suddenly?
Why is 1 nut huge 2 weeks after torsion surgery?
What happy memory would you use to let you fly in Neverland?
What is your favorite sport and why?
Who here is a rap fan ? Why ?
What is your best pick-up line?
What is one thing you absolutely hated before doing it but fell in love after actually doing it?
You wake up, it’s 2050, what do you do first?
What's your favorite game soundtrack?
People who have won a Lifetime Supply of something... What's your story? How does it feel to use this God-Tier Superpower in public?
Without saying the name of the game, what would ruin your favourite game for you?
What is a weird/funny habit you have ?
What is the worst thing about being ugly?
You suddenly die and become a ghost. The last song you listened to will be your soundtrack as ghost. How cool of a ghost are you?
People who have been involved in creating stock footage in some capacity, what was it like? How were ideas for images created? What are the stories behind weirder footage?
What is dose your ideal post-quarantlne day look like?
What are some negative thoughts that you just can’t get out of your head?
What's something you wanted to say/post but no subreddit fit what you wanted to say ?
Cat sh*ts on couch, why and how to stop her?
How much is too much of something?
What should adults that don't plan on having kids start planning for?
Some people have a genetic mutation that prevent type 2 muscle fibers from working correctly, what are the consequences of this?
Anti abortion people of reddit, what makes you think the Stay At Home orders dont apply to you?
What’s your biggest social oopsie?
When were you actually proud of something you did?
Grandparents of Reddit, why do you feel you treat your grandchildren better than you actual children?
What doesn't look harmful , but is?
What was your most successful fail?
What manga is similar to This Love is an Assumption Outside for Fukami-kun?
Do you think south Korea is aa good place to move to? Why or why not? [Serious]
What is the worst thing that has happened to you while camping?
People who began working from home recently, if you are being honest, how does the quality of your work compare to when you are working on-site?
What is your worst customer service experience?
Who is better? Tom or Jerry?
Delivery drivers of Reddit: What do you do, or what do you expect the customer to do, when you forget to bring something small like the extra $0.50 dipping sauce they ordered?
What's your favorite way of cuddling with your S/o?
How much more money would Titanic have made if Rose had missed the handcuffs and hacked into Jack with that ax?
Has a relationship (platonic or romantic) ever ended because you were in the wrong? What happened?
What’s your favorite song??
What's your go-to, quick and easy lunch, that isn't a sandwich (bonus if it's on the healthy side)?
What's the funniest thing your toddler recently broke down over?
How are you doing right now?
Vagina owners - how do you feel about womanspreading?
You need to scare a hotel receptionist without doing anything illegal, no masks, scary costumes and other obvious moves, be creative, how do you do it?
What is going to happen next season? With essentially every show on production hold, what should viewers expect when this season is over?
Redditors with siblings, if you could only describe your rage using the title of a movie, which would you use for when they shut your video game console off in the middle of play?
Parents of reddit. What was the worst thing that your child did to your stuff?
What’s your favourite fruit?
Whats a version of the world you would find crazy today but at the same time is completely reasonable and makes sense?
Kids of reddit, What is Something you know but your parents dont believe?
What is something that is annoyingly pessimistic, and something that is annoyingly optimistic?
What campervan has the best name for putting the word 'Anal' in front of?
Salespeople: what's the largest cash sale you've ever completed?
What are the lessons learned from these recent events that we absolutely must remember and/or implement when things return to normal?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done so far this week?
What scientific experiments would you run if money and ethics weren’t an issue?
Which film magazine, critic, award and/or organization recommendations do you trust the most?
You wake up, it’s 2022, what do you google first?
When was the last time you came to the conclusion that you were in love? How did you know?
What's your "oh my god, why can't I rewind time 30 seconds?" Story?
Americans of Reddit, what do you plan on doing with your $1200 stimulus check?
What is the craziest thing you've ever dreamt of involving celebs?
What is something people don’t understand why you do it but has a secret meaning to you?
What code word should use so we can post on this sub without actually saying kwarunteen or kovidd nineteen?
What loopholes have you taken advantage of?
What is the biggest lie you told as a child (and saved you from something)?
what if a normal cat mated with a lion what would the offspring look like?
What is something everyone can do, but not everyone should do?
What are some good songs for this dire time ?
Which song can you relate to at the moment?
what are some things about the world that you think will change permanently when we come out of isolation?
What most emberasing thing you did with plessure?
[Serious] What do you like about capitalism?
What's a word you can't help but to pronounce with an accent?
People who believe that the moon landing was faked, what is your proof?
[Serious] If you're not allowed out to exercise because it would result in more death, but you are allowed out to walk a dog, then how many dog-lives is a human life worth?
You have a chance to go to any time and location in the past or future for 5 minutes before being sent back to the present. You can bring one thing with you to leave there. What do you pick to bring with you?
How do you cope with perpetual complainers?
What's the best (one-liner) advice you've ever gotten?
Redditors who have appeared on game shows, what was your experience like?
What's an incredible case of ignorance behavior you have witnessed?
What are some temporary jobs or ways to make money for those out of work right now? (Serious)
Growers vs Showers - What are your opinions and experiences?
What should the 8th, 9th, and 10th days of the week be called?
People who studied in the same school their parents taught, how was school life for you?
Spicy food addicts of reddit, what is your favorite way to get your fix?
People who have dogs or cats that are Internet famous (Instagram, YouTube,social media etc) what’s it like? Are you or your pet treat differently? What about your pet makes them so popular?
If scientists found out non playable characters feel pain and have thoughts but just not as complex as yours, how would this effect how you treat them in video games?
Reddit Ladies/Men: Have you decided not to shave your face anymore b/c you can wear a mask now and what other lapses in maintenance are you engaging in?
How ya'll keeping yourselves occupied during this period?
If Reddit and Tumblr were one site, what would be your first post?
For those who have a step mother/father who is younger than you, or who have a stepchild who is older than you, how is that working out?
What is the best month of the year? Why is that so?
papa johns employees of reddit, with this new guarantee that "no one touches my pizza after it leaves the oven," can you explain what was happening prior? employees just manhandling that bad boy?
What’s your favorite Bill Murray movie?
If there was an anthem for Reddit,what would it be and why?
Reddits gynecologists and urologists, what was the most disgusting, disturbing or funniest thing you witnessed at work?
If you could send a text to any person throughout history, who would it be, and what would it say?
People who called a suicide hotline, what happened?
What it’s your definition of a relationship?
People who played sports with professional/Olympic athletes before they made it big, what are you up to now?
What’s an old song that would be just as impactful if released today?
Why don’t people who lose their jobs due to automation just study and become something else?
Veterans of Reddit, whats the funniest thing that happened to you while on Deployment?
What's the most unexpected thing done by someone who you'd least expect them to do?
If you had to represent the average, the best and the worst side of humanity using ANY person or group throughot history, who would it be?
What does the Queen do in self-isolation?
What are some red flags in a landlord that you should look for when seeking out housing?
What are you doing to stay motivated while being stuck at home?
What are some positive thoughts?
What new skills is everyone working on?
What common sexual action is a turn off for you?
Who is the most relatable video game character to you?
[Serious] When has somebody nonchalantly saved you from a life-threatening or dangerous situation?
What food do you eat more for the texture than the taste?
What did you not understand the appeal of until you tried it?
What are the best TV-Shows and why?
How far have you seen someone go for attention?
What do you never get tired of eating?
What is your daily routine to stay healthy and sane in these times?
Why isn't the DSM-5 adequate religious literature?
We hear stories about women trapping men by getting pregnant but have you heard or experienced men trapping women, if so how did it happen?
Vagetarians of reddit. What would you consider your best motivation for performing this act?
What are your ghost stories ?
Towards the end of his life, MLK Jr. was almost entirely focused on pushing Democratic Socialist policies. Why is this often whitewashed and ignored?
People who are late to everything, what is the reasoning behind it?
What's it like to know your past girlfriends have cheated on you and you will never know and you're life is essentially a lie?
What are some interesting/cool threads to join?
What have you stopped consuming once you found out about its origin?
Which essential oils help the most during these times and why?
Why reddit is emoji-less?
If you had to be executed by the Government then which method, regardless of cost, would you request?
People who say H as haytch and not aytch (as is correct), why? Are you aware you are saying it wrong?
Who created c 19?
NHS Front Liners! If someone were Fundraising for You, how would You want that money spent?
You are presented with three doors. Behind the first door is an infinite supply of a food of your choice. Behind the second door is 5 million dollars. Behind the third door is an adorable puppy that will never die and stay by your side throughout your entire life. Which door do you choose, and why?
What's it like to know if you're wife cheats on you there is no way you will ever find out and you're life will be forever a lie?
What's the best bass line ever?
If sex had a premium add on, what would some of the features be?
What has to happened before the world becomes one nation?
What game has made you rage quit the most?
If your life was a TV show, what genre would it be?
What makes you cry from laughing so hard?
People who have sent unsolicited dick pics, have you actually ever gotten a positive response?
People of reddit who have knocked over entire shelves of breakable objects in a store/warehouse, what happened after? And did you have to pay for all the damage?
You've been tasked to help people that were in a coma to be up-to-date on what's happening, What's your explanation?
If consuming solids is eating, consuming liquids is drinking and consuming gasses is breathing, what is consuming plasma?
[Serious]When practicing mindfulness/meditation, are we really able to stop thinking? Isn't the concept of a 'gap' in the stream of thoughts a conceptualization/though itself? If so, is it correct to assume there is no 'thinker of thoughts' (Self), and the stillness/movement of mind is the same?
What do you say to confuse someone long enough to make a get away?
What's the one lesson you've learned this year?
What is a suspiciously specific piece of advice you've been given/have given?
You get $1,000,000 in your bank account, but only for 15 minutes. What do you purchase in those 15 minutes?
Have you ever stood up to authority? What happened?
What is the longest title for a fictional character you have seen before?
What’s a good comeback to “I know you are but what am I”?
Why do you like the taste of but hate the smell of?
Diabetics (myself included); how do you react when someone comes up to you and tells you “You don’t have to worry about what you eat or what in your food, you’re too young”?
If you could wake up tomorrow and spend a whole day with anyone you wished, fictional or not, who would it be?
Where does the unused time on a microwave go?
If you had the power to make every human being on the planet develop one characteristic, which would you choose and why?
You are a Jedi master, tasked with finding new ways to use the force. What do you come up with?
If you were a youtube admin, what would you enforce/terminate?
Artists of reddit, how do you photograph your artwork? What are some great techniques?
If you could repopulate the servers of any long-dead online game what would it be?
What are ye all occupying yourself with to keep the isolation blues away?
Step-children, parents, and siblings of Reddit... How has this insanely popular trend of porn affected your view/interactions with your step family members, if at all?
For those of you who are religious, do you have a personal experience that backs up your belief? If so what is it?
What are some disturbing shows you used to watch which at the time seemed normal?
If you could go to a fictional universe that you cant return from which one would you choose?
Have you ever done something just to be unique/quirky/different? What was it?
people who are homophobic for non religious reasons, why?
You suddenly find yourself in the last TV show you watched. How screwed are you?
Why do you believe your political beliefs are the only correct beliefs?
Where to download The Sims 4 mobile -more in the comments-?
What are "2010s movie tropes" that will be parodied in the future?
You get introduced to your sibling's new partner. What warning do you give them?
How did you get revenge on someone?
What are you doing to prevent yourself going insane?
French fries are illegal now. What’s it street name?
Anyone else struggling during this time and how are you keeping busy?
What are some valuable online resources that are now free due to our current stay at home situation?
Where is the best FPS map on the earth?
What do you own surprisngly less of compared to most people?
Closest purple object in your room will kill you. What kills you?
Whats an actual good charity to donate during this time that can help?
People Who Read Blogs: What are they about? Who would you recommend?
Married redditors, what is a must for a wedding?
[Serious] What would have happened if Columbus had actually found India instead of America?
What would be the worst TV show world to be stuck in?
If a person is on the Dark Web and they have Anti-Spyware and Anti-Malware will it be fine and how?
What tattoo has aged poorly?
What's the weirdest story about your teacher from school?
What's one positive thing you can say about someone you don't like?
What song is super-popular/classic/beloved in your country or region -- but mostly unknown elsewhere in the world?
What are some things that you had to learn about how reality really works?
If you had to choose one song to listen to as you die, what would it be and why?
What is life like currently in your country compared to this time last year?
Redditors who have had your fortunes told or palms read, was it true?
City life or Country life? And why (please be detailed and specific)?
What has been the worst app update ever?
What's the craziest/dumbest thing you did to get a crush's attention?
[Serious] It's popular on Reddit to be self-deprecating and put yourself down, but what positive thing have you found that you were/are surprisingly good at?
What is the weirdest/creepiest thing you saw while staring in the dark?
Why don’t poor people just work harder?
D&amp;D players what was the stupidest nat 20 you ever rolled?
Where is your shame, what is your scariest thought, and why can't you just live with it?
What will the Queen say today in her speech?
What embarrassing thing did you get caught doing as a teen?
Which event in your life has shaped you the most ?
Story or experience - what’s a time you laughed so hard that you cried?
Males of Reddit, what is the most harshest way you have been rejected( it can be by friends or love interest)?
What's the most stressful thing while cooking ?
What are you doing on the side now?
Reddit, what are good Truth or Dare questions to someone not in the same house as you when self-isolating?
If you could cast any three actors in a movie together, who would they be? And what would the genre (or basic plot) be?
what are some great way to stay financially productive in these times?
Antarctica is never effected by any illness throughout history. How do places like Siberia, Alaska, and Northern Canada fair againest the same illnesses?
What are some good tv shows based in historical times?
Why are you a racist?
What goal should everyone of us have in life ?
What do you think of yourself?
What's the craziest thing that one far-right kid in your school said?
What's a movie that everyone likes but you hate?
Why does this subreddit make it so difficult to frame your question?
Why do you think the world's current situation makes it easier/harder to kidnap people?
What is something very specific that makes you nostalgic for your childhood?
How do you remove a too deep butt plug?
What is something your parents did that made you really embarrassed?
What's a fun fact that seems pretty much impossible to figure it out. ?
atheist who use “your religion has resulted in thousands of deaths” in your argument, how do you feel about the holocaust?
People with anxiety, How does caffeine effect your condition?
Cashiers of Reddit, what are some of the meanest or rudest type of people you've seen?
School counselors,teachers, etc: what’s the craziest things you’ve saw or heard?
If you could know one thing no one else does, what is it and why?
What are you going to admit today that you couldn't yesterday?
People over thirty, if you could communicate with your younger self through only a one-line sentence, what would you say?
What’s the best yearbook quote you’ve seen?
Girls/boys what is your opinion on people who double text?
What’s something your mom always said?
People who dislike YouTube videos, WHY?
When was the last time you wore shoes?
People who've gotten in a fight in public, what the hell happened?
What character did you view totally different as a child vs. as an adult?
What parent technique seems good, but is actually quite the opposite?
How has being mixed-raced affected your life?
How do you answer someone when they ask a stupid question?
Who is the best recurring character on TV?
What’s something that someone said that sounded bad but actually wasn’t?
What would your last resort career be?
What did your far-rightist teacher say?
What are some of your favourite subreddits?
What's the reasoning behind making animal abuse illegal?
What’s a piece of advice you knew you should’ve taken, but didn’t?
People that sleep on their back or belly, How?
What's the stupidest thing you've done while your brain was on "autopilot"?
What historical figure(s) would you bring back from the dead to experience life in 2020, and why?
Imagine you have a Death Note, with the added condition that for every name you write, your IQ drops by 5 points. How many names do you write and what are they?
How often do you use what you learned in high school and college?
Persons of reddit, what's the best thing you've done to spite another person?
Against all odds, you have a girlfriend/boyfriend now, what is the first thing you do with her/him?
What are subtle signs that someone is uncomfortable around you?
How far can a bromance go before it turns gay?
Redditors who have killed someone in self-defense, what was it like, and how are you holding up now?
What was the worst (but entirely necessary) rule your school had to enforce?
[serious] What was your first time having sex like?
What's the one thing you've learned when it was already too late?
Teachers Of Reddit, How Did Your Worst Encounter With A Parent Go?
What would be the worst thing for the government to make illegal?
People of Reddit: What’s the weirdest dream you ever had?
What are your tips on trying to succed in life without family moral support?
what illegal thing did you get away with?
People who eat kiwis without the skin, why?
Favorite ice cream brand and why?
What is completely innocent of done by a 7 year old, but not by a 27 year old?
What is your opinion on water?
What band’s music to an inexperienced listener doesn’t give away the decade it was made in?
Users of Reddit, what are some immediate red flags when you are applying for a job or if you are already in one?
If you found a letter in your drawer in your own handwriting detailing how you yourself are from the future and came back to redo things because you messed up, but you remember nothing from that future, what would you do differently?
What two condiments mixed, makes a better condiment?
What were your funniest accidental google searches?
where do you see yourself in 10 years’ time?
You now only have your computer to heat your home on a cold winter night, what program do you run to best heat your home?
Why isn’t Svalbard an independent country?
What's the best purchase you've ever made?
What is one topic you are particularly interested in but you don’t know anyone that would be interested enough to share it with?
If a premium version of air were to exist, what features would it include?
What's the best video evidence you've seen of a paranormal / UFO event? Can you provide a link? Can you share your story?
What is a song that is stuck in your head that just won’t stop?
Guys for real how are we supposed to get a haircut right now?
If a premium version of water were to exist, what features would it include?
Bartenders of Reddit what is the crazy thing you’ve seen or been asked?
Optometrists of reddit, being as we are cooped up, what is some good practical advice for those of us that have to look at screens for extended periods of time for work, school, etc.?
What was the worst falling out you've ever had with a friend?
Would you swap lives with a celebrity? If so, who and why?
To all the straight men out there.....what would you do it EVERY SINGLE woman in the world woke up tomorrow and just deceided to NEVER have sex with men ever again?
People who pissed on the floor in school bathroons, why?
Does everyone lose the same amount of calories for the same exercise? What's your opinion?
How would you express your sexuality with the freedom that a beautiful person is able to if you didn't feel like such a pathetic wretch?
If you could take anyone dead/alive to any restaurant; what restaurant would you take them to, and who would you take?
What was a time you thought 'damn, this person needs help'?
How is fear associated with procrastination?
What question did you post on askreddit that you still want answers to because it got barely any responses?
If you could take one piece of information in to a new life knowing nothing else, what would it be?
[serious] Russians of Reddit, what is the general outlook in Putin and what he does in terms of staying in power, trying to change elections etc...?
Why do woman comedians always resort to talking about their vagina?
Given the circumstances, what have you done/considered in the past couple of weeks that surprised you?
When we go back to "normal" will there be HUGE SALES on furniture and electronics?
Redditors of Reddit, what are some interesting moments with beggars?
What is the dumbest thing in the world, but everyone still does it?
You wake up in a different timeline where the United States was discovered by an explorer from China. What's the first thing that you Google (Assuming that it'd still be a thing)?
Couples who have been stuck together the last couple weeks, what(if anything) have you learned about them?
How to become more articulate in conversation?
Why is polygamy illegal? As long as the adults involved are consenting, why should people be criminalized for their choices? What are your thoughts on polygamy?
What common thing scares you, and why?
[SERIOUS] Those who have attempted suicide, what is your story?
What is your best ‘first date’ story?
[serious] People laid off and out of money: How are you acquiring food? How about your neighbors?
If you had the opportunity to sleep today and wake up 100 years later will you take it? Why or why not?
What did you see that made you immediately regret having eyes?
What are some traits of a normal functioning family?
What influenced you to make a reddit account?
For those of you who support Trump, Why?
If Reddit is still a thing 50 years from now, what subs would you likely be part of?
Garbage truck drivers, what was the best instance of someone frantically running out of their house in the early mourning to pull out the trash bins?
Is there a way to turn cake mix into pancake mix? If so, how?
What are some interesting hobbies one can take to during these times?
Just saw a crowd of people using medical grade masks incorrectly, need to know what makes people think they’re more important than all of the health workers (people who need them and know know to use them)?
Folks who have settled for someone they aren’t really attracted to. How is your relationship now?
What was your "wait, is this guy for real?" moment?
[Serious] What kind of person needs to step up to the plate to fix America?
What was the best time of your life?
Food Delivery drivers, what was the strangest place that you delivered food to?
Those involved in production or acting, are actors/actresses actually smoking cigarettes or drinking alcohol when filming scenes that show them doing so? What about when their character requires an excessive indulgence in such “vices”?
Airplane pilots of Reddit, what was your biggest "We're all fucked up" moment that you survived and your passengers didn't notice?
Veterans of Reddit, what were the early days of Reddit like?
For those who can’t seem to tell their brains to STFU, what are you thinking about?
Which of your Reddit posts earned the most karma?
Why don't you guys like each other?
What is an everyday process that could be made much more efficient easily?
Where can someone post a 20 min long video without the worry of copyright claims?
What’s your favourite quote / piece of advice?
Imagine you somehow found out with absolutely no doubt that there is no god and no afterlife. How would your behavior change? (What would you do that you wouldn't do otherwise?) [Serious]
[Serious] Soldiers of all ages, what war(s) did you fight in, and what was the worst thing you saw or saw someone break because of?
What restaurant/cafe/bakery food are you craving right now?
You get to create the cure of one sickness/plague. What will you cure?
Which celebrity is the absolute worst at the moment, and why ?
Delivery drivers/truckers: what are some interesting side effects of the empty roads (other than unprecedented short delivery times)?
Employers of Reddit, what was the stupidest thing you've seen a new employee do on his first days ?
Are you in favor of uplifting (selectively breeding) a species of animal so that we can have another race to keep us company? Which species would you see uplifted? Are there any specific traits you would want them to posses?
What screams “I am upper class!”?
Soccer-Connaisseurs of Reddit, where did ricardo quaresma‘s career take such a wrong turn and why?
What is the feasibility of an app that detects and alerts you to others being within six feet of you?
People from Europe and Latam has been talking about unusual things that are happening, have you heard about the seven trumpets? How was your experience?
What's that one time you accidentally cut yourself while trying to eat an apple?
you have the power to create,customize and manipulate anything and everything what will you be doing for the rest of your life?
What’s the best zoom background you’ve seen?
Uber/Lyft drivers of reddit, have you ever gotten a really bad feeling about a client? If so, what happened?
What’s the difference between Miss and Ms?
What’s the oldest man made thing you could buy?
What is the Saddest Fact you Know?
[Serious] Redditors who have been to parties with lots of drinking, nudity, and casual sex, how did you get invited to these parties?
Teachers/Students of Reddit, what’s the worse thing you’ve seen submitted for an assignment?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
If you woke up from a coma at the end of this year, what headline would make you laugh the most?
If life were a videogame, what would be considered overpowered?
Straight men of reddit, what's the gayest thing you've ever done? [NSFW]
You have one year before you die. How would you spend your final year in earth?
People who frame pictures of their dogs pooping and put it in their living room, why?
What made you the solidified dumbass of the family?
Looking back at the television shows we watched as children, which ones had painfully obvious adult humor hidden inside?
If there was no electricity for a month how well do you think you would do?
What advice would you give to your five year old self?
When did your life begin to take on meaning? (Serious)
You wake up in a small room, with only a speaker and an old person sitting in a chair. "Welcome," says a voice from the speaker. "This is you, one hundred years old. You may ask them one question. What would you like them to answer for you?"
What is the best thing in the world?
If you were given a potion of immortality would you take it why or why not?
You have a time machine. What time in history, will travel to?
What are some uplifting good things happening in the world right now?
Where the heck are you supposed to look when the dentist is working on your teeth?
People of reddit who freeze pop tarts why did you start? How do you eat it?
What upcoming video games are you excited for?
What do you think does afterlife exist(yes, no, arguments)?
What are some good mobile (ios) games that are easy but also really fun to play?
You're a world leader, and can enforce one new law. What's the law?
People in jobs seen as essential, what is your story? Whether it be good or bad?
You are a serial killer and to avoid getting caught you have to dispose of the bodies, how many corpses do you think you can eat before the police arrive?
Who was the greatest one ALBUM wonder of all time?
You get a one time use phone, that will connect you to anyone you want, even if you don't know the number, and they're guaranteed to answer. Who do you call?
Those who sing while showering, what's your favorite song you like to sing in the shower?
what is the most useful but less known thing that can be carried in a car?
What is the one beneficial habit we can pick up during this time period?
People within the confines of law enforcement (police, detective, military, fire fighter, security guard etc.) what is something paranormal/extraterrestrial you have experienced but can't explain to this day?
To everybody, why do you use reddit?
To redditors whose GCSE, O/A levels are cancelled.. How have you been doing/studying? How do you feel about the cancellation?
How does PETA justify killing animals in their shelters?
What is the most peaceful thing in the world?
What small act of kindness saved your day?
With marijuana legalization, what marijuana myths would you want the Mythbusters to bust?
What’s your “I was today years old when I found out...” moment?
What, as a kid, were you so eager to do once you're an adult and that didn't disappoimt you once you were?
What's the dumbest thing you do for fun?
What’s a good indicator that a first date may be amazing in bed?
Redditors living in the US, how much longer do you think this is going to last?
What is the scariest thing that happened to you?
What are your favorite MTV Unplugged performances?
You are going to replace your ten year old self, and your memory is going to be completely wiped(keeping the memories of your ten year old self) with one exception. You are allowed to perfectly remember one fact, event, person, etc. What knowledge does your 10 year old self gain?
What's the most life-changing epiphany you've ever had?
What are some good activities for keeping isolated OAP’s mentally engaged?
When the world goes back to normal, what changes should you like to see remain?
Farmers of Reddit, how is business right now?
Redditors of Reddit, which popular subreddits do you think are toxic?
Dumbasses of Reddit what's the dumbest thing you have done?
Gay men of Reddit, what’s the best thing about being gay?
What is the dumbest (in any way) app you’ve ever downloaded?
What has Reddit made you realize?
Are there any Sikhs here who support Donald Trump?
Dear Parents, which imaginary games do your kids (5-9 yr) play?
You now have the power to change the sound that an animal does when it perform some action (humans included). How would you change things?
Hey! What are some online games that you can play with someone else during quarentine?
What is the funniest way to f*ck with people?
Hairdressers of Reddit, what is your horror story (you messing up someone’s hair)?
You’ve been time travelled back to the beginning of the year. HOW would you change of what is happening today?
A cigarette a day keeps the what away?
[serious] parents of reddit, when did you give your child "the talk" and what were their reactions?
What are your favorite subreddits that are entertaining in a time of extreme boredom?
What is the most strange nsfw scientists research?
What illegal thing did you get away with?
Who would be more fit as President of the United States during this crisis?
What are the best and worst names for a vagina?
What kind of people don't exist anymore?
What uncommon opinion do you have that you always wanted to share?
How do you finish the sentence: You've been hit by, you've been struck by a(n) ____ ?
How much money would it take for you to have sex with a family member?
What’s the dumbest secret your hiding from everyone you know?
What’s one of the really random and mundane things that you vividly remember happening a long time ago and have no idea why you still remember?
Cancer patients of Reddit, what is one thing you would like to tell to the world before it might be too late?
How and when did you learn to love yourself?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
When getting takeout from a restaurant(not fast food), are you tipping more?
You have a plush, How can you do the most damage posible?
Who’s your favourite actor/actress and which movie of theirs is the best?
What did someone say that made you realize that they hadn’t understood anything you had been saying?
Why did Constantinople get the works?
People who have a world record in a video game, what does it feel like?
What animal should show up more often on r/aww?
Anime lovers of reddit...What is up with JoJos Bizarre Adventure?
What wrong impression people commonly get of you?
Hey reddit, what’s your favourite Pokémon?
You have to choose one politician to rule THE WHOLE WORLD for 20 years who would you choose?
Why are vacuums so ungodly loud?
If happiness was quantifiable on a scale of 0 to 100, and you were given two options: (A) everyday at 80, or (B) unpredictable and wide ranging. Given that with (A) your average will be 80, with (B) your average will be 70 but you will sometimes experience 100, which option would you choose and why?
Married couples of reddit, do you regret not having kids why or why not?
What is the most thought provoking movie you have ever seen?
Which music genres are underrated but have cult status ?
What product or service seems like it would be super old but is actually a recent creation?
Reddit is bogus. Rules everywhere, extreme censorship, do this, don’t do that. How do feel about that?
How bad is your school/uni?
What are some sounds you absolutely cannot stand?
Which is your "what is in front of your eyes but your heart doesn't want to believe" moment?
How will you remember these times?
Doctors and nurses of reddit, what's the best excuse or story you've heard from a patient just trying to get drugs?
If you could go to any restaurant with any person dead or alive, what restaurant would you take them to?
Did you wait to have sex until marriage? Why/why not? Do you feel abstinence is a healthy mentality?
What do you honestly think an accurate description of 2050 would be?
What comedians do you not find funny?
People who drive a lot at night, what's your creepiest or most unexplainable thing you saw?
If you were being interviewed to join a post-apocalyptic survival group, what would you say you're bringing to the table?
What's the longest time you've had to spend in the kitchen and why?
Which TV show had the worst last season/finale?
Ex inmates of reddit: what did you never thought to miss about prison?
People who have played ouija. What's your scary story?
What is a state in the US you rarely hear of and what do you think when you hear it mentioned?
What word do you pronounce different due to your accent or dialect and how do you pronounce it?
How many lies do you tell a day?
What screams “I am bad with money!”?
You get to have one of your posts pinned on the front page of Reddit for one day, what do you post?
We Internet people tend to hate each other for any reason we can. What's something that we all collectively hate, for a change?
What impulsive decision ended up working out in your favor?
[Serious] What is your 5 year plan/goal?
Parents of Reddit what’s the most weirdest story you’ve heard from your kid?
[NSFW] What’s the funniest dildo-related moment you’ve had?
What was your senior/greatest prank?
What tricks could you teach a dog, that can also be taught to other animals?
What are things people predisposed to laziness can do while stuck at home that are productive, character-building, life-enhancing, and/or enrich mental health and well-being?
If you were a villain, what would your lair look like?
How many of you have a microwave?
If a person downloaded Tor, what does the person do now to access the Dark Web?
What is the scariest story or video on the internet?
It's April 5th, 2030. Today is the first day we made contact with extraterrestrials, what is the first thing you say to them?
What is your favourite Gordon Ramsay insult?
When did you realize “I am only pretending to be an adult”?
What comforting thing did your caregivers do for you as a kid that you still love now?
What helped you leap into a fresh/new start?
How is it to live alone, unmarried, away from everyone one knows?
If you were Carole Baskins's best friend, where would you help her hide her husband?
Which is the best way to start on Reddit?
[serious] When did you first learn about sex? and how did you learn about it?
What do you think is the difference between a girl/lady and a woman?
Redditors who had near death experiences, does it really made a difference in your way of seeing life?
What’s the funniest thing your parents have said to you when they were angry with you?
What are some real life stories that sound like a GTA game?
What differentiates bad people from good people?
What was the worst day of your life?
Why emotional trust is harder to gain than the physical trust?
(SERIOUS) what is the scariest thing you have seen at night?
You figure out that you have only 24-hours left to live. What do you do?
A lot of people on Reddit hate BTS. Why?
What differentiates bad people from good people?
Which is a better a ps4 or nintendo switch?
D&amp;D players of reddit, what is the most convention breaking character you have ever played or that someone you know played?
What’s the craziest end to a relationship that you’ve ever had?
If you could kill one person alive today and get away with it who would you kill?
[Serious] Who do you miss most right now?
What do you in all honesty think of the 'boomer remover' effect?
People if Reddit who got the job they wanted since they were a kid. Was it really what you expected it to be like?
What was your best “I don’t get paid enough to deal with this” moment?
Americans of Reddit, how do you intend to spend your stimulus check?
What were times you noped out of a group and why?
What if democracy/communism and other party's never existed but monarchy still did?
What is your opinion on simple flirting if you are in a relationship (with other than your partner, of course)?
How early is too early to drink vodka on a Sunday?
What’s something you thought was normal about yourself until you found it wasn’t?
If you could hold the Guinness world record for anything, what would you choose?
Redditors who have cheated on their partner, how did you get caught?
Conspiracy believers of Reddit. What is actually going on in the world?
Your house is on fire and you only have time to grab one thing, what are you saving?
In animal crossing, how much are the bells worth in British currency?
With all this free time, what project are you working on, what new skill are you learning?
Why are planes still flying in the US?
With all this time to self-reflect what kind of person do you think you are?
How has your opinion of your country's leadership been affected during this crisis?
Older redditors, what technology made you feel like you were in the future?
What’s one of those movies you think about for two weeks after watching?
What are some of your favorite funny movie quotes to use in daily conversation, and what are your favorite movies to quote?
What is a city-specific establishment in your area?
If you had the chance to speak with any person (alive or deceased) for two hours, who would it be and what would you talk about?
Teens of reddit, what is one thing that older generations won’t understand?
If there was a low quality dollar store version of sleep, what features would it include?
Women of reddit, how much do you care if your nipples are showing?
Parent redditors,Do you think that your childrens owes you anything? What is it and Why?
if there was one outfit you would have to wear for the rest of your life, what would you chose?
Awkward boners? What's your story?
Why don't you care anymore?
What actor could have seamlessly replaced another in a prominent role?
How many times a day is too many times to masturbate?
What's something you now realized you took for granted?
What’s one food item that’s better microwaved than put into the oven?
What's the quickest way to accidentally start a flame war in this sub at the moment?
Couples (or singles) of Reddit, what are your opinions on privacy in a relationship?
Anime lovers of reddit. If you suddenly got transported to an anime and there’s no way back. What anime would you like to live the rest of your life in?
If you could give 3 tips to help someone out from homelessness, what would they be?
[Serious] What habit are you unsuccessfully trying to get your parents rid of?
You wake up in Marvel Universe as a normal Person what would you do?
Why do ants clump together on top of ant hills in spring?
what is a scene from a movie that could make 2020 worse?
People in the porn industry, how is this impacting you?
Is there a frontpage of Reddit where everybody loves Trump, and hates Bernie? Or does the right stay to the right, and off Reddit?
anyone know how to disable the smooth feature from affinity designer app on a pc?
Veterinarians of Reddit, what was the most stupid thing someone checked their pets in for?
People who look drastically different with makeup, how has the world treated you differently with and without makeup?
If it will not effect the ecosystem whatsoever.. What animal would you not mind if they went extinct?
Office workers of Reddit: what makes a good boss?
What questions did you want answered but never got popular enough?
people of reddit who have overcome eating issues what are some tips?
What’s a good quote for these uncertain times?
What has been an effective way to stop a kid from picking on you in school?
How do you imagine you’ll die ?
If you had access to the World’s IPod for a day, and knew everyone was listening, what would you play?
is it safe to visit the dark web if you have anti spyware/malware and why?
What kind of Loot are you dropping when you die (indiviudally)?
When were you overwhelmed with empathy?
What was the scariest moment you’ve had home alone?
What two computer programs or websites do you like to use together?
Grab the nearest book, flip to page 206 and it describes your love life. What is it?
If there was a book about Reddit. What would be inside?
What kind of Skype/zoom/facetime/etc games have people found?
Alcoholics of Reddit, how are you different from your alcoholic parents?
What is your example of “cheating at solitaire”?
What has been your worst nightmare yet? Has it repeated?
If you could stage an intervention for President Trump, who would you want (living or deceased) to be there?
Children of strict parents what's the worst rule your parents made you follow?
What advice would you give your 15 year old self?
What was the funniest birthday card you've ever received?
People named Nevaeh, Jaxxson, Brayden etc, how do you feel about having one of the most hated names of our times?
A service promises to find your best potential match based on how they answer one question of your choice. What question do you ask?
Are some of you accidentally stuck living with your SO because of quaraten? How's it going?
At what point am I allowed to physically touch someone who won't "get away from me" when asked and then told?
What are some interesting hobbies to lighten up the quarentine?
What is the human equivalent to a mouse trap?
What's your moral alignment?
People who have served time in a prison NOT in the USA, what was your experience like?
How do you respond to a 'Tell us about yourself'?
Realistically speaking, what's the next worst thing that can happen this year?
What is the coolest psychological trick?
LGBTQ+ people, what false facts and/or myths about you bother you the most?
Redditors of reddit, what unexpected/weird/uncommon skill have you gained as a biproduct of your career?
Millionaires of Reddit: What is your advice for teenagers with a small budget who want to invest and make money?
What's your go to ice breaker?
What's your favorite quote from South Park?
What’s all the talk about 5G , where do you stand on it ?
Half of all humans will be turned into lions in one hour. Without knowing if you're going to be turned into a lion or not, what's your plan?
What's the most annoying type of Redditor?
What's wrong with the Medicare for All?
People of Reddit or saw a tornado, how was your experience and how would you describe it?
What are some fun and free group activities that don't require anything but an Internet connection?
Reddit, how you doing today?
It's the last day of 2020, what's the first thing you'll do?
Does it bother you that reddit created a new sub for a major world issue, and deletes comments it disagrees with and won’t let you post about the issue anywhere else but the reddit controlled sub?
What would you want to be famous for?
Reddit, the last thing you did is now your superpower. How does it affect you?
What is something you heard that you weren't supposed to hear?
Aliens on Earth, what shocks you the most about humans?
What would you guys believe dying is like?
Why is life so unfair?
What was the first meal your significant other made for you? The first you made for them?
[Serious] What are problems or issues that don't get talked about but really should?
What books do you recommend to someone who isn't a native speaker and hasn't read a book in english before?
Gamers, what achievement was the most difficult to complete?
How does anonymity effect interaction on the internet? Looking for general thought and experiences more so that psychology papers. Is this anonymity more positive or negative?
What song would best describe whats going on in your brain all the time?
People who found family members in porn, how'd you find out and how has it affected your relationship with them?
What is sexual attraction like? Or..What does it feel like to be sexually attracted to someone?
If you were a flavor, what would you taste like?
If nothing ever gets better, how long would you continue to stay at home before you finally stopped caring and went back to normal even if it wasn't fully safe?
[SERIOUS] Why the gaming rating boards around the world (ESRB, PEGI) give 12 and up rating for games that has fictional depiction of gambling (like in Pokémon) but games with actual gambling with real money (Fifa, NBA2K) will get an "all-ages" rating from them?
When was a time that you almost fixed a problem, only for it to get worse?
What’s the best way to keep a long distance relationship alive and going ?
What can you not let go of?
What makes friendship a good friendship?
What is something poor people do that keeps them poor?
What personality would you want your sex partner to have?
You suddenly go back in time into the dark ages, what you do?
What's your favorite childhood memory?
Redditors, what’s the nicest/kindest/sweetest thing you’ve overheard someone say about you?
What are the pros and cons of dating with the hopes of marriage somewhere down the line?
What was your “...well, shit.” moment?
When you only have one slice of bread left in the bag, do you guys put it back in the bag or do you take it out and eat it?
How would you explain how an orgasm feels and how it is different after masturbating versus after sexual intercourse?
Redditors who are staying home all day, what have you learnt about yourself?
What off-brand (Include the name) of a certain brand do you personally recommend over the actual brand?
[SERIOUS] If you could ask President Trump one question, what would you ask him?
People of Reddit called anything besides their name, what's the story there?
Why do the ads in adult videos load SO much faster and with higher quality than the actual video?
What's the best purchase you've ever made, and would recommend anyone to make? Why?
If life was an RPG, who would be your personal final boss?
People who put rolls of toilet paper backwards, why do you do it?
Which is the most attractive ethnicity according to you?
What is the most "Chaotic Evil" thing you've witnessed someone do in real life?
Is it better to have an 8-10 girlfriend with good personality and be monogamous or have tons of casual sex with women who are 5-7 in looks?
men, you are about to do some intimate with a woman, but quickly realize her feet feet stink so bad. how turned off are you ?
What was the hardest thing for you to accept?
What is the weirdest/ funniest encounter you've had with a stranger?
Redditors who have cheated on their SO, when did it hit you that you’re a piece of shit?
What's the most complex coupon you've used?
If you could of picked your own name, what name would you choose and why?
What’s the kindest thing to ask someone?
You have only 3 ingredients (whichever you like, seasoning like salt/pepper/soy sauce/tabasco/... Excluded) and 20 minutes time. What would you cook?
Religious people of reddit: do you believe that God listens to the prayers of people from other faiths? If not, what about other sects of the same religion?
Dear fellow past believers. How did your family reacted when you told them, you no longer believe in God?
What is one problem that ~90% of people all seem to have?
What is a lesser-known story from your country?
Everybody has a life story, what’s your TL;DR?
What is the thing that someone said to you and that hurt way more than it should?
How to meet someone on Instagram and get them to respond to DMs??
What is almost always cheaper online than it is in store?
What was your best day of school?
Police Officers- how have you seen your day-to-day routines impacted by our new normal? What new trends have you seen?
People who socialize easily with others what is the trick?
Redditors who have been questioned by police in an interview room, what’s it like in there?
[serious] Gamers of Reddit, just as there are encounters with angry toxic players, what are some of your encounters with out-of-the-ordinary nice, encouraging, and/or uplifting players while you were playing?
Which occasion on which you were mentally beaten up did you truly lose it all?
You can have a super power, but it has a catch What is the super power and the catch?
What is something you’re going to go to hell for laughing at?
[Serious] Why should someone stop using drugs if not addicted but use out of boredom?
People who steal office food, how are you managing to feed yourself while you work from home?
What is no house complete without?
What is the most overrated song you know?
Grandkids of reddit, what are the craziest / weirdest stories you’ve heard from your grandparents?
Healthcare workers of NY, how're you all holding up? And as another healthcare worker in an area that's two-three weeks behind yours, what do you wish you had done two weeks ago that would make life easier/better now?
Voice actors of Reddit: How do you remember each characters voice that you use?
Which bar are you going to when they open again?
How do you explain to low educated people that global warming is real?
What are some of the most awkward situations to be in ?
What's something that people who grew up with toxic childhoods should know?
How do you want to die?
What's this useless, but fun fact you know?
What pets do you all have?
What's your mad hoarder at supermarket story?
What are some underrated songs you know?
What, on paper, should have failed. But ended up being a huge success instead?
If you could change one thing about reddit, what would it be?
Curly people of reddit, how do you wash your hair without un-curling it?
Whats wrong with Sheldon Cooper, honestly?
You have a time machine and can go back to any time in history and remove one thing from existence (anything), what would you remove?
(Wrong answers only) What should you say on a first date?
If you could change one thing about the human race before you die, what would you change?
What makes a girl be the jealous type?
How much money do you have in savings and how long would it last you if you had no other source of income?
Redditors, what is a song that you at first hated but then came to love?
Ladies, what mistakes have you made to lose a guy you were attracted to?
What would you like to be complimented on?
What game from your childhood holds up today?
Your username is now your super power. What super power did you get?
Do you think you’ve ever changed someone’s life? Who/Why?
What does Peace mean to you?
What is something you would love the opposite sex to understand?
Men who don't have a girlfriend atm, why don't you become your own girlfriend?
If you could exchange places with one celebrity, who would it be?
What are some great piano pieces to learn?
If the Internet was a planet, and every social media site is a country, what would the present be like? Where would you live?
People who like eggplants, why?
People of reddit which have tattoos what's the back story?
People of reddit, what can we (the hive mind) of reddit help you find, do, achieve?
Redditors in compter science field, why is university/college degree required to get a high paying job?
What have you been doing with your time ?would you share your daily routine?
What are things in texting which mean alot more than they appear to?
What is a theory that you think is true and why?
What's a thing that you can't believe exists?
What can you do in your 20’s to make your 30’s better?
Whats the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What shows up if you google your name?
Priests of Reddit: What are some memorable/shocking confessions you've heard in church?
What would you buy if you could go to the grocery store one last time before you wouldn’t be allowed to leave your house at all for at least a month, (assuming basic meals, medication and toilet paper is provided)?
What is the stupidest/naive interpretation you had of something as a child?
Drill sergeants and soldiers of reddit what the saddest reason you know of some one joining boot camp or the miltary/army?
What is the best non-fiction book you've ever read?
Poor people: when and how did you get mentally beaten up out of the professional world?
Whats the worst names ever existed?
You wake up, it’s 2100, what do you google first?
What was the scariest thing you found at home?
Hackers of Reddit what made u begin hacking in the first place?
What are you thinking about right now?
What's the stupidest theory? Why?
Which is the best tasting nut butter (from real nuts...not your balls)?
Artists of r/AskReddit, what's your favorite type of ink?
What would you change about the current star wars franchise?
How would you like to be thanked for upvoting this post?
what is the top result on google, when you google your own name?
When has revenge been taken farther than the wrongdoer deserved?
What was the weirdest assembly/event that you remember in elementary school?
People who work in acrobatics (ie Cirque de Soleil), what is it like during shows and behind the scenes?
What’s the BEST thing you’ve ever purchased?
What has been your biggest minecraft project so far that you actually completed?
Who remembers the idea of being kind and rewinding?
What’s it like to accidentally see someone die?
Who do you think is the best youtuber ever?
Taxi drivers of Reddit, what crazy shit have you seen?
Do you guys know a good reddit community with people who love facilitating a workshop and that share best practices?
What's the sickest timely joke you can pull off?
[Serious] Doctors of Reddit, what were the most emotional moments you saw while in the hospital?
Who is your musical hero? And why?
People of Reddit, How do you want to annoy the crap of your siblings?
You gain the abillity of teleportation! You can go anywhere in the universe now. What is the first thing do you do?
How is everyone doing?
Have you ever had a relationship ruined because one of your parents married/dated one of theirs? What happened?
[serious] How do you get rid of low mood?
What was your "Oh Shit" moment?
People who make money online, what do you do?
A genie visits you and says that you can choose one person to erase from history. Who do you choose, and why?
What are some subreddits for artists to get advice on their work by fellow artists?
What YouTube Channels or Websites do you personally recommend for cooking inspiration?
What is a song that makes you happy?
What's the strangest or most outlandish thing you convinced yourself that you did while blacked out drunk and what did you actually do?
If you became a parent as a teenager, how or why?
Cruise ship workers of Reddit, if you could tell us only one story from your time working, what would it be?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the weirdest request you have gotten?
Americans, what do you feel about the current situation in your country?
What’s the creepiest, spookiest, scariest thing that’s ever happened to you or a loved one?
What's an interesting or funny lighthearted question you can ask someone to get to know them a little better?
What game has a good storyline but not too long?
Workers of Reddit, what's your best 'equality backfired on that woman' story?
What's something you never got to say to someone? Who were they to you?
Which website can you spend hours on?
If you had 60 seconds before an asteroid hits, what would you do in those 60 seconds?
What's the evolutionary advantage of pubic hair?
How do you behave when you are in an embarrassing situation?
People who have been pronounced dead, what did you see during that time?
The last dream you had is how the world ends. How are we all going to die?
If you could invent one emotion/feeling, what would it be and what would you name it?
Redditors who have been in live TV-shows. What happens there during the ad breaks?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever seen in a children’s tv show or movie?
what is the definition of faint?
Which character is the female equivalent of Walter White?
With the way 2020 has been going so far how surprised would you be if extraterrestrials arrived?
What small would be scary insects sized ?
What is something that you should know if you are new to reddit ?
What was a memorable liberating moment you had in your life?
What is a simple phrase Democrats could use that would be equal to 'lock her up' or 'build the wall'?
You can either have $1 million OR your pet can live as long as you do. What do you chose?
If you had your own custom Ben and Jerry’s ice cream flavor, what would it be called and what would be in it?
Minorities of reddit, what's the most annoying thing you're asked/told?
What piece of music instantly transports you to a time and place from your past?
Why are U.S. Millennials NOT talking about the inevitable housing market crash which will allow them to finally buy a home?
How many days have you been "Sheltered in place?
Fellow mechanics of reddit, what’s the worst at home job you’ve ever seen done by a customer?
Why is spousal violence more tolerated in Islam when the religion strictly forbid violence?
What's the wackiest hairstyle you've ever seen?
If you ever made a movie, what song would you have on the soundtrack?
What is something that most people think is overrated, but you think is still great?
What do most people love that you hate?
If you could remember only one thing/memory and nothing else, what would it be?
What's the ugliest part of your body?
Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
Retail employees, what’s the worst customer you’ve had to deal with lately?
People ,that saw their sleep paralysis demon,what's your story?
It’s amazing to see (in an arbitrary order) Dave Mathews, Barenaked ladies, gold finger, mxpx, straight no chaser, etc..doing sessions for fans. What are some other artists sharing what they do that are worth checking out?
Which animated movie has the best voice acting?
[Serious] Patients of Reddit, what is your terrible E.R. doctor misdiagnosis story?
What, in personal opinion, is the best movie/TV soundtrack?
At what point did you realize you were a "real" adult and why?
[Serious] Pediatric psychiatric ward workers of Reddit, what were your most interesting, youngest, or common cases?
What are some absurd things about the United States, that people in the United States don't realize are absurd?
What’s something you were once passionate about, but have since lost interest?
People who actually press the dislike button on youtube videos, why?
All Joe Exotic ever wanted was to be famous. Now that he is how do you think he feels about it?
What "dead" people do you think is still alive?
People of Reddit, what are you afraid of?
People who use lag bots on TF2 servers, why?
How to do something you really, really don't want to, but have to?
What is a product you always buy the quality brand of?
If you had to explain this year to someone from 10 years ago what would you say to them?
What are some seemingly easy tasks that you suck at?
What are some seemingly easy tasks that you suck at?
What are your wholesome landlord tales?
What is the long term affect of physical distancing on type A personality?
People who are in the PR business, what are the craziest secrets you can share?
Insecurity is the greatest motivator of human kind and is the cause of many successes. Which part of your personal routine manifests the great insecurity which resides within you?
What was the Most Haunted Experience you’ve ever had?
[Serious] After these couple of stressful months what do you think will be something positive or negative to come from all this?
If your pet could say something to you right now what would it be?
What is your idea of a fantasy meal (a made-up dish that you would want a chef to execute)?
What are some creative names for an aloe plant?
Americans, what is the best thing about your state that you know no one else comes close to touching?
What's the most embarassing situation you've been in?
What's the shitty thing you used to do, worked hard to quit and are proud of no longer doing it, but can't brag about because the thing was so shitty?
What annoying habit is about to get someone killed at your house?
If you are friends with a girl for a long time and then started dating her , what topics should you talk with her about ?
What are some good websites to go to if you wanna see/watch some fucked up/scary shit (can include anything disturbing or gore or anything like that)?
You are on a stranded island with only the things currently in your room on the island. How do you survive?
What is the best thing about school life you will never forget?
People who went to Woodstock how was it like?
You wake up, and everyone except you and your best friend are gone. What do you do?
You will be trapped in a video game, and have to beat it to get out. Which game do you choose to be trapped in?
If you were a soup, what kind of soup would you be?
What is the best "Yes of course that is true" fact?
What was your best revenge?
[Serious] How did you react to the suicide of a friend who you weren't close to?
Detectives(and other law enforcements) of Reddit, what's your opinions on Carole Baskin's missing husband? Do you think she's guilty?
Why is Dasani water nasty?
what was your most savage comeback to a roast?
When did you stop playing outdoor imagination games with your friends?
If your life was one YouTube channel, what would it be and why?
What is the story behind your scar?
What are some good awkward questions to ask someone you don't know so much to break the ice?
What is the grossest thing/item in your home?
If you could go back and tell your 16 year old self some advice, what would it be?
Male Redditors, how has your bromance changed since this sickness is going on between your bros?
Whats’s the most im depth daydream/imagined scenario you recall?
Why are people hoarding so much toilet paper like the economy is going to collapse?
To introverts out there, what is the first sign for you to confirm you're actually an introvert?
Ex-inmates, What's Your Best Prison Story?
People who use alphabetical contacts list instead of the recents list on their phone, how have your feelings changed for those first few names that you come across very frequently?
[Serious] Professionals of Reddit that have careers that are popularly depicted in tv or in films, what are some things they get wrong?
If you have an option to go back in time, what year you would go back to and what would you change?
Young people of reddit,how's highschool treatin ya?
What album do you think will define the 2010s?
You are the president of U.S and you know that yellowstone will erupt in 4 years. What do yo do to prevent human extintion?
What is something you really enjoy despite all the hatred on it ?
What brand has terrible quality but is ridiculously popular?
What is it like (for you) to live with an autistic individual?
To any army soldiers(specifically those in the 82nd Airborne) If you have heard them already, what was your reaction to Sabaton's song 82nd All the way?
What’s your most memorable scene from a movie where the score carries the scene?
Why is reddit OK with open racism like BPT's no whites allowed threads?
If there was a hide and seek sub would you play why or why not?
What’s a pointless fact you know?
Key workers of Reddit, how you doing?
If you live/work near a time zone border, are you frequently switching back and forth? In what ways does it affect your daily life?
What was the hardest period of your life so far?
[Serious] Redditors who got laid off during this time, what is your current situation?
what was that moment when your life flashed before your eyes?
What book are you reading right now?
If there was an emergency that would force you and your family to stay in one room in your house: which room would you choose and why?
What are you doing to keep busy?
What are some non-western conspiracy theories?
Redditors who've been in jail, what's the funniest way you messed with the cops and didn't get in trouble for it?
How did the killing of Harambe actually bring about a 'Reneissance' in memes?
You are offered 1 Billion USD if you are able to sit in a room of absolute silence and darkness for 30 days. You will be fed and hydrated intravenously, the room only contains a toilet and a carpeted floor. Why or why not would you do it?
How do you say “I love you” without actually saying it?
If a premium version of social networks existed, what features would it have?
Have you ever had a near death experience? If so, How did it happen?
People of Reddit who have actually returned a product because of the "return if dissatisfied" message, how did it go? Did you get a free product?
What is the most convincing paranormal video you’ve seen on the internet?
Reddit veterans, whats some tips and tricks for new reddit users?
What was the most embarrassing picture of you ever taken?
What single habit change has made the biggest positive impact on your life?
What are some out-of-the-box birthday presents?
What’s a song that feels like it’s a hundred percent about your life?
Redditors worldwide, what habit have you had which you cannot stop?
Did you ever regreted breaking up with someone and why?
[Serious] People of Reddit, are you scared of dying? If so, why?
If you could say 1 thing to yourself 5 years ago, what would you say?
Why can't boys and men just be granted the warmth, preciousness, tenderness and space for vulnerability that is needed to live a life with a full spectrum of deep, meaningful emotion and closeness? Why do we, our fathers and our sons have to live, and die having lived without being fully "there"?
If you were remodeling part of a home... what would you put in the wall for future remodelers to find?
If you were to chose which animal/insect would have to go which would it be?
[Serious] What's the most threatening comment or message you've gotten from an internet stranger?
How do microwaves work?
Do you and your spouse have any secret signals? What are they?
If your life had a theme song what would it be and why?
Why are you still going to restaurants?
What is the worst thing you’ve ever done to somebody? (Serious)
Those outside of the US, what makes someone a conservative in your country?
What's the best first step when society revolts against its government?
what’s your biggest life story?
How to get more followers on Instagram?
What's a beautiful quote that shockingly comes from a movie or television series?
Would you rather be stuck in a world with illness or lose your right to vote? And why?
whats your dirtiest fantasy?
If you could own reddit for one day, what changes would you make?
What are the most frustrating widespread conspiracy theories?
Which are your favorite less strict subreddits where you can make a post without being worried being taken it down straight away?
Are birthdays more precious when your young or old? Why?
What is something that statistically should have happened to you by now but hasn’t?
What’s a plothole in real life?
Why do you downvote?
What is something nice you've witness someone do that you wish you could tell the whole world?
What is something that you learned recently but wish you didn’t?
What are some actual good mobile games that aren't pay to win?
How embarrassed would you be if you went up on stage and publicly announced you were suciidal because you're not going to hold things inside around people just to life a fake life just to make complete strangers to be happy?
If you are stuck in a time loop, on a regular day of yours, (let's say our lives are back to normal) where the same day keeps repeating itself, until you figure out how to get out, what are the top things you would do?
Miss-hearing lyrics! How wrong were you singing it before someone corrected you?
People of reddit, what's your favorite Jim Carey movie?
Someone has been in jail for the past 11 months, what did they miss?
Say you fall madly in love with a man who insists on being known only by his nickname, Sweetdick Clyde. (At starbucks, he has them write sweetdick clyde has on the cup) What adaptions do you have to make in life to make the relationship work?
What's the most underrated tv show you've ever seen?
What's the best resources on web to learn the guitar for a complete beginner?
What is your most embarrassing story involving shit, piss, vomit, or other bodily fluids?
Redditors with jobs usually depicted in porn, how has that affected your social life?
You can increase or decrease one numerical value about yourself by 10%, what do you choose and why?
How do you feel about new versus old money? Which do you come from?
What subreddit has changed/been ruined the most since its inception?
What’re some good things going on in the world right now?
God let you ask any question you want. What do you ask?
[serious] Redditors who went to see a guidance councillor with they SO how did things turn out afterwards?
What do you think needs to get a 6-star rating in a 5-star scale ?
If you could take one thing from this life to the next what would it be?
Redditors who hates their families how's confinement going?
What’s the next big technical innovation that will change how we live our lives?
What is an arguement against a punishment for false rape claims?
What movie do you play on watching this afternoon?
What's with the whole 'open mouth, looking shocked' thumbnails on every other YouTube video?
What is the best compliment you could ever come up with starting from "you're as beautiful as.."?
What can you use for free or cheaper during qurantine ?
People of Reddit, what’s the gayest thing you ever did?
To a female, what advice/story would you share when it comes to adding another girl, sexually, to the relationship with her bf?
What's the weirdest question you've been asked by a foreigner? How did you respond?
What are some large events that were caused by the internet?
What tastes like chicken besides chicken?
Who is the most ridiculous GOP senator?
Opinion: Do you think kids should be allowed to change their birth names upon reaching age 18 because they're not happy with what their parents named them? Without worrying about filing a petition to the court and cost?
What is a fast food item at a popular chain that's unique to your country?
What are some free activities/apps/resources that we can access to pass the time during isolation?
What's something that turned you on that was totally unexpected?
People who work for either Jenny Craig or Weight Watchers, has a client ever been too heavy for the weigh-in scale?
Your two-year-old son is killed by a speeding truck, your elderly neighbor warned you not to bury your son in the pet cemetery to resurrect him, then he said “sometimes, dead is better”. What do you do?
(Serious) What might be some possible causes of vaginal dryness/loss of arousal in a young woman?
If you could pick the president for 2020 election, who would you pick and why?
Have you ever been inspired by a fictional character? who and in what way??
What apps are a must have?
When did a game of Tag go horribly wrong?
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
What would u do with 10000$ right now?
Which singer had the most Karen energy?
Doesn't have to be on a global scale or anthing, but has there ever been another shortage of ventilators similar to what we're seeing today?
People of Reddit, you have found a Death Note, who is the first you kill?
What's the one perfect sentence you've always wanted to hear from someone other than yourself?
Life is a game, god is the developer, what is your complaint?
You have 30 minutes to hide a cell phone from the FBI. Where do you hide it?
Be honest, why did you go out today?
Girls, how does Tribbing actually feels?
Is Christian Heaven better than Islam's 72 virgins? Why or why not?
What are some archaic tools/beliefs/procedures/whatever that we still use today?
If the Coronolympics 2020 replaced the International Olympics 2020, and categories for worst best opportunist, sneakiest politicians, worst leaders, most cases, worst celebrity, grossest individual, and more worst highlights; who would win Gold, Silver, and Bronze?
If life were a video game, what would some of the cheat codes be?
[Serious] Rabbit owners of Reddit, do you eat rabbit meat? Why or why not?
Retail Workers Of Reddit: Have you ever cursed out a rude customer? If so, what happened?
What's the dumbest thing someone told you today?
What quote do you hope to get to say one day?
Colorblind people of reddit what is your response when asked what color something is?
If you get back the time you spent in Reddit, how would you use it?
If you woke up tomorrow and had the ability to change one thing about your body, what would it be?
If you had to show a video game to a person who had never heard of them, what game would it be?
Footballers/soccer players (professional/semi) over 30 yrs of age - how are things now vs. your 20s?
Which one is more satisfying upvoting a post from 9.9k to 10.0k or downvoting a post from 10.0k to 9.9k? And why?
MHT’S what’s it like working in a mental hospital?
When asked "good news or bad news?", which do you always pick and why?
[Serious]Have you ever meet someone who felt "off"? If so what happened?
What are some marriage anniversary ideas during these weird times?
How do you ask what someone what they're doing without them responding "Your mom"?
Which US state would be the most fucked during the zombie apocalypse?
What is your fetish origin story?
Would you like to learn how to play an instrument? If yes, which one and why?
What's one random thing you discovered during self isolation?
How well do you know yourself?
Women of reddit, what are dating/relationship things that men don't know about?
What's something, no matter how unlikely the odds, you would like to experience before you die?
God inserts new currency “Laugh coin”, given to those who make people laugh. 1 laugh coin = 1 dollar USD. Who will have the most laugh coin and how do you think humor would’ve change?
What food/food combination do you eat regularly that others would find strange?
People who are against public breastfeeding, why?
What’s the most expensive thing u bought for someone?
Why are most scripts written left to right?
What hobbies did you have as a child?
What's a simple way to learn a lot about a person?
How do you get over the obsession with wanting a SO post breakup?
What fantasy cliche should die right now?
What is an overpriced service your business uses?
What would you buy if you had 20 dollars to splurge?
What is the dumbest reason you've ever been dumped?
What will happen in the world after all that is currently happening?
What is your favourite song af all time?
No doubt that religion has played an important role in human history. But is it possible to have a human race without religion? What would we be losing out on?
Why do you think it’s wrong for someone to get free stuff, or discounted stuff during this difficult time, when they have the ability to pay (weren’t affected monetarily)?
How did life find the solution to flight billions of years ago?
All of y’all who are still living with your parents, what’s the first thing you plan on doing after moving out?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what was a tattoo that someone wanted done that you didn't think was such a great idea?
How can a teenager in high school with no money buy video games?
Life was hard enough wasn't it, why did they have to put it on survival mode?
What traumatised you as a child?
What's the fastest way to gain comment karma?
a child for one day again... What would you do?
If flu cases doubles every 7 days, what is the average daily growth rate?
What is the most 'misquoted' movie line?
People of Reddit, what is normal for you but disturbing to others?
What song do you like from and artist you dislike?
What have you been doing to make time pass faster?
They have the resources to cook up dinosaurs in a laboratory in Jurassic series, why not humans ?
What is the most cringey moment of your life and what was your age at the time ?
What's your favorite cereal?
How to get hold of a scammer's IP address in a creative way and how to track an IP address accurately?
[NSFW] Transgenders of reddit, what is masturbating like?
When the entire world feels against you, what is the one sure fire way to help you achieve happiness?
What, in your opinion, is the most interesting and mysterious song you know about?
[Serious] Those neglected/abused as a child, how has it affected you in your adult life?
What is your kink?
What's an indication you're speaking to a person of culture?
What is your dating life like having daddy issues?
Why doesn't a baby qualify as vegan before it eats its first animal product?
What are the best podcasts to listen to?
What is something your SO does that means a lot to you?
What happens when you're left alone with your thoughts?
What is the biggest mistake you ever did?
What is the proof of atheists that a divine entity can never possibly exist?
People of Reddit, what is your story of a family member/ friend treating your baby like it's theirs? Or trying to steal your baby from you?
Whats a dream come true for you?
What random occurrence completely changed your trajectory in life?
What is life all about? What does it mean to live?
What is the name of the girl you kissed for the first time in your life?
If you were the protagonist in a movie, would you choose to be the hero or the villain - and why?
What news articles have not aged well?
When you look down in the shower can you see your genitals or does a belly hide them?
How to make a fashionable face mask?
Why reddit is not funny anymore?
Deaf people of Reddit, when and how did you realize you’re deaf?
What songs do you play when you want to drown your own thoughts?
What would you do if you could become invisible?
Michael Jackson rises from the dead and starts World War III. What do you do?
What seemingly innocent item gives off a sexual impression?
People who have worked in food or retail jobs, have you ever had to kick someone out of your store or restaurant? What did they do?
When were elevator door closing, motion safety devices installed? For instance as the doors close now you can wave your hand and they’ll stay open. When was that made universal?
Are people who play sports video games professionally athletes?
How would you react if someone asked nude pics in DMs?
How did your first kiss happen?
What would be the most interesting part of your year if everything going on never happened?
[Serious]What is your social credit score?
What’s something you wish was normal?
What are your first date goto things/tips?
Glasses wearing Redditors with children, where’s the strangest place you have ever “lost” your glasses?
People who have given up on celibacy, what made you do it?
First think of a product. Now, what would be the absolute worst brand name for one of those products?
Governors of states that did not issue stay-at-home orders, what's stopping you from issuing the order?
[Serious] With so much misinformation out there, what is a good reliable news source?
What is the most worst injury u ever had?
What foods are great cooked but after they get cold are god tier?
What movie scene can you recite word for word?
What have you found in your home that was left by the previous owners/tenants?
If you were about to get yourself two new pets, what would you name them?
What was the best advice you never took?
What’s something you did that was so cringy that it still keeps you awake at night?
What's a problem in your life due to procrastinating?
Females of Reddit, how do you know when you're done masturbating?
Reddit. What conspiracy theories do you think are too logical to just ignore?
What are some auditory hallucinations you’ve heard during sleep paralysis?
Serious question: if you're a trans man do you think of your gennies as a micropenis or a mega-clit or, what?
What's your "That's the closest my hand is ever going to get to touching X" story?
When did you last tell someone you loved them? How did they respond?
[SERIOUS] What was the least obvious big mistake in your life?
What songs do you love that's lyrics have become relevant to all that's been happening in 2020 despite being written before?
People who refer to their pets as their children, wtf is wrong with you?
Locals of reddit, what elaborate pranks does your whole area pull on tourists?
How would you describe colour to a deaf person?
If the human body had a "Settings" menu, what options would you like to see in there?
What’s the weirdest thing you did in middle school?
What food is supposed to be eaten hot but is god tier cold?
Which female celebrity (from past or present) would you want to look like if given a choice?
Those who work for apartment complexes, when you had to walk into someone’s apt for an emergency maintenance job what is one place that always sticks out to you?
How can one retain or regain their childlike sense of wonder?
How did you get in your first (physical) fight?
What the hell is tiger king and why are people crazy about it?
People who repost questions that other people asked, why is karma more important to you than not being a dick?
Why are almost all reddit chat groups dead af?
What was the best advice you never took?
Whats the craziest neighbor story you have?
What is something only your third eye will see?
If a premium version of pooping were to exist, what features would it include ?
What's your favorite conspiracy theory?
Those of you with nanny cams, what wholesome or crazy thing have you caught on them?
What scent makes you emotional?
What legend/conspiracy theory do you NOT want to be true?
What is something people should do at least once in their life?
What is your cutoff point from "boy/girl" to "man/woman"?
What are some things that you talk about, to know your gonna be girlfriend?
People disposing of used, plastic gloves on the ground instead of the trash. Why are you doing this?
What dumn rules did your strict parents enforce on you?
Do you see yourself as a gullible sort of person and why?
What are some interesting/helpful online courses to do during this potentially long term stay at home?
What is the first thing you would ask a self aware A.I.?
Every single second of your life has been recorded on video. You and everyone you know (i.e. not strangers) can watch any part at any time. Would your life be better or worse, and why?
People who leave the microwave at 1 second, what the fuck is wrong with you?
Where is a good place to find help w a 20yr old commercial?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
People who met muhammad ali how was he?
Who or what crushed and destroyed your spirit?
What's the biggest secret that's been kept from you and how did you find out about it? [Serious]
How many livers and kidneys are going to be ruined in the next 2 months?
What is the worst case of Customer service you've ever got?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What do you want your last words to be?
what is your "I need to get out of here" moment?
Are there people who can see more colors then normal humans, kind of like the opposite of color blind?
What subreddit changed your life?
What's something you can say about both the Thanksgiving turkey and a hooker?
How do make yourself emotionally cry if emotionally numb?
Parents, what is the one piece of advice you would give to someone who is becoming a parent soon?
What was the biggest thing you didn‘t know you needed?
What is your favorite movie time snack?
What space and rocketry related crowdfunding perks and tchotchkes would you like to see from an aerospace startup?
Shorter than average people of Reddit, what’s the most interesting situation you’ve ever been in just because of your height?
Essential workers; what is the dumbest question you've been asked so far?
What is your excuse for continuing to fund animal torture and abuse as a non-vegan in 2020?
What’s something you never get better at?
What are some of the most unnerving stories you've heard online?
If a potential soulmate asks you out during this times what do you reply?
Under what circumstances would you be open to scheduled sex?
You're a time traveler. What's the smallest thing you can do that will radically change everything?
Reddit, what do you think happened, Carole Baskin killed her husband if yes how do you think she did if no just say no?
What is the best movie you ever watched that actually helped in changing your life ?
If China's point-system was implemented globally, what would you do?
If you could be any smash character, who would you be and why? How would this effect your day to day lives?
Fellow redditors, what is the best order to watch all 9 star wars movies in?
Which top coat should be used over the wood stain? Minwax Fast Drying Polyurethane or Minwax Water Based Oil-Modified Polyurethane? Which one should is best applied over the Red Mahogany stain that was used? What are the differences in these two products? Look? Texture? Spill resistance?
How do you organize your bookmarks? Which bookmark manager do you use?
Have you used condoms for anything not related to sex? How?
Is there a way to donate internet to kids? Who knows a guy who knows a guy?
You’re teleported back in time with no items and no clothes, how do you convince people you’re from the future?
Aside from Reddit, what 5 websites are you visiting the most right now?
If there is a species on Earth that is so strange it could be considered extraterrestrial, which would it be and why?
What is the point of creepy old fat dudes pretending to be pretty girls and catfishing people? Like what do they get out of it?
Ideally, isn't a Bachelor's a total of 6 years? 2 for AA and another 4 for BA? It doesn't add up to be a total of 4 years like everyone says according to plan of study's/Roadmaps. Where am "eye" wrong here?
Members of Reddit that have been hospitalized for mental health reasons, what is a good, heartwarming or funny experience you had while there?
What do you wish you'd named your main account?
The internet shuts down in 1 hour. It will never be back again. How will you spend this hour?
What’s your favorite thing to touch?
Why aren’t marriages lasting like our grandparents generation?
What was the weird food phase your mom or dad went through where every meal had at least some component with that ingredient and then after some time it was like you never saw that food again?
The year is 2130, you are the last human alive since the WW3, killing everyone except you in the progress. How do you survive in the land, knowing there's a possibility to find hostile creatures where you roam?
Officers of Reddit, have you ever taken bribes? If so, what were you bribed for?
You are able to go back in time exactly one year to give yourself one piece of advice--what would it be?
Everyone's stuck at home. How are you passing the time?
What is your "I shat myself" story?
What is a video game you love in a genre you hate?
You're given a chance to change 3 decisions in your life. What do you change and why?
What’s the female equivalent of a neck beard and fedora, and why?
What is your favorite "nice" prank?
redit's people ¿ What were the last most disturbing words you heard before a person died ?
What was the worst Google search you've ever done?
What are some fun, non-sinful activities?
If you could replace a word in a movie title to make it more sexual, what would it be?
Reddit, if you could switch the places of two famous people who would it be and why?
What is the weirdest nightmare you ever had?
What should people practice on lock-down ?
When you clean your ass, do you do it standing on your feet or sitting on the toilet?
You can break one law one time, what would you do and why?
What are some signs you knew someone WAS the one you should marry, and what were some that you knew someone WAS NOT the one you should marry?
If you could do anything what would you do when your allowed to?
What do you think Elon Musk was thinking when designing the Tesla truck?
Would you rather die than be in a nursing home? Why or why not?
If 2020 is a drama tv series, what plot twist might we expect next?
What does $1 buy in your country?
Pet owners, what's the weirdest thing your pets do?
What annoys you most about the people in your hometown or state?
Describe your perfect day; weather, activities, who’s with you etc?
Technicians of Reddit, what do you hate that a computer-illiterate person said?
People who have killed someone, why? And what were the circumstances?
Table top gamers of Reddit, what is your favorite character you’ve played as and why?
How do you make your own condom in the wild?
Technicians of Reddit, what was the funniest thing a computer-illiterate person said?
[Serious] People who have witnessed death, what's your story? Did it change you in any way?
People of Reddit, why?
What is the moment you have been closest to dying?
Hey ya’ll, it’s day 20. How are vosotros keeping your sanity?
What's something a stranger do for you that you are very grateful for till this day?
What are some of the writing subredddits where one can ask for criticism and improvements for a story's first chapter?
People of Reddit, how are you today?
[Serious] What do you use Reddit for?
What basic abilities should people work on ? and how to improve them ?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done?
What Is Karma For?
What is the most unintentional cringe moment in a TV show or Movie?
(Serious) Parents of Pornstar did you disowned your child? Why or why not?
People who have been to prison for extended periods of time, what did you do the day you got out?
What is a thing you like about yourself that you've never told anyone?
What song sounds the best when played by phone speakers?
What made you realize that someone did not deserve you?
Every country has an official national anthem. But what is your countries' unofficial anthem?
What’s the most cursed line you’ve ever heard and where did you hear it from?
What is the weirdest post you have saved?
What kind of language is food?
Dear telemarketers, what's the best or weirdest response you've ever gotten from a call?
People who lives on the "1st world" and went to the "3rd world". What were you're impressions?
What basic medical procedure usually carried out by general physicians, for diagnosis etc, can't be administered remotely/virtually?
What was the moment you realized all the rumors about someone were true?
What is the most uncool thing that has happened to you so far this year?
What will porn be like 44 years and 9 months from now?
Fellow GenXers, how do you think we would have handled everything that's going on now back in the 80s when we were high school?
[Serious] People who got pregnant/got someone pregnant on accident, what the hell were you thinking?
How would you react if the person sitting right next to you starts staring at you?
People of reddit. When’s the last time you cried tears of joy and why?
What are some healthcare roles that are in demand that people can be easily trained to do?
What’s your most memorable FUBAR experience?
How are you doing?
People with medium or long hair, in an apocalypse situation with no access to running water, would you cut your hair short? Why or why not?
The shelter in place is extended for 10 years. What's your plan?
People of Reddit who have participated in a commercial that allegedly starred "Real People. Not Actors"; is it true? Are you really not actors?
You just died but instead of going to heaven you go to Earth V2 if you did good in life and Earth Beta if you didn't do good. What are these places like?
What important events were forgotten about when all of this sickness started getting around?
(Wrong answers only) How do you sit down?
If you could instantly learn a language, what would you want to learn?
Anyone out there who also thinks modern art and it's ridiculously expensive painting are just used for money laundering?
Just like songs like “Come on Eileen” and “Mr Brightside” are still played at wedding discos or retro nightclubs, which 2010s songs will still be played at events in 30-50 years time as “classics”?
What small thing did your partner do recently that made feel lucky to be with them?
If everything was a simulation, how could we really test this issue and what would it achieve?
How are you planning to change after all of this is over?
What has been your creepiest experience with the paranormal?
What are some facts that mess with your perception of time?
If you could have any superpower, but it comes with a catch, what would it be?
Dear reddit, how do you move on from an ex who already found someone else?
When did someone like the class clown take it to where it was no longer funny?
If there was a movie/mudical called "2020 So Far", what songs would be on the soundtrack?
What was the worst proposal failure you have seen or experienced?
[Serious] Why do Prison / Jail Sentences or Lack-thereof Vary so Wildly? Why is there not a Set Punishment for each Type and Level of Crime? Why do Some Crimes go Unpunished when there is Evidence?
How many cups of coffee do you drink in a day?
Minecrafters of Reddit, if the nether is the hell of Minecraft, what would you think or imagine the heaven of Minecraft as?
What are the oddest town/city/suburb/place names you've heard of or seen?
Teens of Reddit, If school had premium features, what are some features that it would include?
Have you ever used an app where you can trade produce? What was your experience?
What's your favourite racing videogame?
When was a time when your friend or classmate told on you for doing something and they end up lying or exaggerating the whole story? How did you react?
People getting off plans in Hawaii immediately get a lei.If this same tradition applied to the rest of the U.S.,what would each state immediately give to visitors?
What’s the scariest dream you’ve ever had because of how realistic it was?
What are very common things that you have never done in your life?
How will the world be different when the current mess is cured?
Whats the scariest thing you saw that your friends found funny?
[SERIOUS] Redditors who changed your name for reasons other than marriage/divorce: why, and how did you choose your new name?
What Is Your Best Way To Catch People Out?
What would happen in the long run if we vaccinated majority of our wildlife?
What according to you makes a person genuinely kind and a gold human being?
So now that we're all wearing masks, what are some tips for covering your face in public?
Funeral directors, what's the worst thing you've seen at a funeral?
What was you favourite TV show as a kid?
If years were now like updates, what would 2020's patch log be?
What does your family have on their roast dinner that other families may find controversial?
You are told you have one month to live so you do everything you want to do without a care in the world. And after that month is over, they were wrong, and you're not dead. How screwed are you?
What gives you an existential crisis ?
To improve your life or others around you. what If you are granted one wish and you can only wish for a bigger penis/Breast or be smarter (above average)? which would you pick and how would it improve yourself and others life?
Your username is now your profession, how is your first day of work?
Why do some people stay with significant others that abuse them? (Serious)
[Serious] Why aren't most men willing to date prostitutes?
After being a married for a while and sharing a room with your person, what do you miss most about having your own room?
What white / practically harmless lies have you told to save your skin?
Shoplifters of reddit, what’s the best/funniest thing you’ve gotten?
[SERIOUS] What's the correlation between deaths caused by falling backwards on a chair and deaths caused by jumping off a 5th floor?
What's your theme song?
What have you guys been doing since you have a lot free time now?
What's the boundary between shitty food and great food?
If you could turn one dream you’ve had into a full length movie, which would you choose and why?
What actual animal would seem mythical/made up if people didn’t see it in real life?
Hair gurus of reddit! What is a good at home remedy for flaky scalp?
Healthcare workers who voted for Trump, what are your thoughts on his handling of this crisis? How has your opinion of him changed?
[Serious] At what age does a guy still living at home become an issue with girls?
What are false survival tips ?
How do you know you are the gender you are?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and why?
What are the worst casting decisions in film or television?
What is the most immature anime you’ve ever seen?
What is pineapple great on?
Who thought it was a good idea to just line up in long lines and blast each other in the Civil War? Especially with how battles are fought now, there was no need for so many people to die, right!?
Who is the least attractive celebrity everyone thinks is really attractive?
What are some cons of gay/lesbian sex?
What is the coolest, yet strangest, thing you’ve seen in the sky?
Employees of sperm banks, what's it like working there?
What question would you like an answer to?
What’s keeping you busy right now?
What’s a very small thing that makes you irrationally mad?
What Minecraft block are you?
Gamers, what achievement was the most difficult to complete?
What are you doing to stay positive during these trying times?
People who know God, what's he like?
What was the best decade for movies?
What things in the world prove that humankind is not wasted?
What is the deepest thought you've ever had, just thinking by yourself ? [Serious]
Seniors who are married, how has your sex life changed as you have gotten older? [serious]
Who is your all time celebrity crush?
What are your thoughts on haikyuu?
If everything is a simulation, what actually happens to you when you smoke cannabis?
Why do you like dogs better than cats? Or cats better than dogs?
What is your favorite coffee/ brewing style?
Your goal is to spend as much money as you can in 1 hour. How do you spend it?
Do you think having one drink a day with dinner, like a glass of wine or a beer, makes someone an alcoholic? Why or why not?
Morticians or those who’ve worked in the area, what’s the craziest thing you’ve seen?
If you could revive any extinct species of living beings, wich one would you choose and why?
What is something someone did that gave you major second-hand embarrassment?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen?
Why would god send someone to hell?
People who gave a second chance to your exes, how did it go?
What is the world unemployment rate? What is the top estimates for the upcoming months? How is the world handling this upcoming issue?
What is the best purchase you have made in your life?
People who cheated on their S/O, why did you do it?
What’s the most believable conspiracy you’ve heard?
What is the scariest fact you know?
Round earthers of Reddit, your mom's so fat, how do you explain her sitting down on earth without flattening it?
What even is the point of human finger nails? Like why do we have em and why hasn’t evolution gotten rid of em yet and just made fingers without em?
What's your favourite quote of all time?
What word or phrase did the internet ruin for you?
Most people have "exes" but do you have a "Y"? As in "Why did I ever date them?"
What's the best way to stay safe outside if you don't how a mask or something?
What extra housework have you gotten done since you've been home so much?
Gays of reddit, whats ur story of when u came out to yours parents as gay. Were they supportive?
What kind of internet content is your 1-hour suddenly gone rabbit hole?
What's the wisest quote you know?
Is muhammad ali the greatest of all times,why?
Why is Discord's logo mickey mouse pants?
If you had to find a definition to stupidity, what would you come up with?
What food is meant to be eaten cold, but tastes better hot?
If you could only have 1 of the major sports to come back which league would you choose and why?
What video sums up your hometowns culture?
What are some good snuff themed horror film?
[Serious] What are redditors favorite products?
How sexual frustrated are you at the moment ?
What’s an ‘all time classic’ song or movie that really shouldn’t be?
What was your best Tinder date where neither of you felt a romantic connection?
If crisp flavours were real food, what would your favourite flavour be?
If you could choose to live anywhere in the world, where would it be? Why?
is america the rest of the worlds florida, why or why not?
What moment/event can you travel your life back to that would have set you on a completely different track in life?
What industry might never recover after this year?
What was an event that happened that positively affected your life?
Given all this free time we have, what shows/movies on your list of "stuff from my co-workers that I agreed to check out, but never actually planned to" did you end up watching and would now recommend to other co-workers?
What was a perfectly good sentence or phrase?
LGBT users of Reddit who had homophobic parents, how did their views change after you came out?
LGBT users of Reddit who had homophobic parents, how did their views change after you came out?
[Serious] Redditors who were in an abusive relationship, what did they do that finally made you leave?
Hi! Does someone know the cause of death when someone had symptoms like difficultly breathing Sweating nausea (extreme) Drooling Hypertension Tachycardia??
What’s the “America, Fuck yeah!” of your country?
What would be the worst way to die? Most painful?
What is something that makes you purely happy?
Why people say that explaining jokes kills them?
Where were you when we were getting high?
What was your experience in being in a relationship with someone with a mental illness?
Reddit, what is the most inspiring or memorable redemption story you have ever heard?
Fellow women of Reddit, what is single most creepy incel encounter you had?
What are the best home haircut options? Scissors, a electric trimmer, a Flobee?
People whose YouTube comments have ended up on Jacksfims' Your Grammar Sucks, how do you feel about that?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What’s the new movie about?
What’s the most you’ve ever spent on a bottle of alcohol and was it worth it?
People form the dark web what is the stupidest things you found?
If you were a bird, who would you shit on?
What do you think will happen in the future?
What are some interesting YouTube holes you have discovered?
What country does gay come from, asking for a friend?
Do you have any good, healthy obsessions/habits which you can't leave?
What is your favorite memory ?
What would be the worst “buy one get one free” sale of all time?
What is the best video game that has come out in 2020?
How will Flat Earthers keep up their narrative once space tourism becomes a thing?
Without naming,what is your favorite thing to order at a restaurant?
Is cereal a soup? Why or why not?
Which businesses will go bankrupt sooner or later due to the looming economic crisis?
Who's worse....banking establishments or oil companies?
Reddit, you get a chance to change the meaning of any word you like, to its opposite. How do you cause the most awkwardness?
What’s something that everyone looks stupid doing?
People who have been kidnappers, what's the most memorable thing someone has said while bargaining for their freedom?
What is your favorite cocktail and how is it made ?
When did you do something bad but felt good about it?
If you had a vending machine in your house, what would you fill it with?
What policy or decision taken by your government made you want to start a revolution?
If your shortcomings was a product, How will you advertise it?
By Googling your birth month &amp; day + national day, what holidays are you celebrating on your birthday?
What is your perfect Sunday?
What’s one question you wish you asked your grandparents before they died?
What was your scariest encounter with a wild animal?
what are some good things to plan for an anniversary date night indoors?
What jobs are under-rated?
Adults diagnosed with ADHD or ADD in childhood, what are your reflections on the treatments, medical or otherwise, you were exposed to growing up?
What is you best memory of your life ?
What do you want to ask native Belarusian about?
What aspect of your job makes it unbearable?
What is an early sign your significant other is about to cheat on you?
How do you see the world in 2030 ?
How does a person overcomes feeling that they are never enough?
Prisoners of reddit what is something in movies and games that is far off from reality?
What is the weirdest Life Hack you've seen online?
What is one thing you struggled with in school and why?
What’s a brand that you can just never buy the generic of?
For Americans, what do you think about Trump?
Was there a dream you had that made you hard/wet if so what was the dream?
Top of the classes in higschool, what are you doing now??
If Trump loses the election in November, he’ll still be a sitting president for almost 3 months. What are the worst things he could during that time?
Hi Reddit, what would you do if you found out the world does actually revolve around you?
What valuable piece of advice would you give to someone, that they will probably never need?
What are some good underground youtubers that you would recommend?
What is the most expensive pair of shoes you own?
People of Reddit, what have you achieved on your bucket list?
What are the top five tv shows ever made?
Whats a real life debuff?
What is the rarest thing that you encountered during your gaming session?
Admissions officers/essay coaches of Reddit: what was the most pretentious application you've ever seen?
Did you ever regifted a gift and when you answer is yes why did you regift it ?
Which country did you go once and never will go there again and why?
What mobile app was worth paying for?
If the Office show was recast in a new X-Men movie, who would play what mutants?
How possible is it that people could build a modern day Venice?
What moment gave you such an intense rush of relief that it made you dizzy?
Trans folks whose birth name has a clear opposite-gendered variant (Paul/Paula, Eric/Erica etc): when you came out, did you simply switch to the variant or choose another name entirely? If the latter, why?
What was the worst thing that ever happened to you?
What is your top 5 favorite single player games of all time?
What are the pros and cons of being American?
What two musical artists or groups should have done a collaboration?
What is the condition in New York?
What’s your pet peeve?
What's that one thing you weren't allowed to have as a kid that you immediately went out and bought when you were old enough?
A genie offers you the ability to relive one day in your past, at the cost of a month of your future life, as many times as you want. What day(s) do you relive and how many months do you give up?
NSFW Man of Reddit. Have you ever used a special kind of service from a lady? If yes, what are your craziest story?
3000 years from now an archeologist finds your house and your belongings, what confuses them most?
What’s the best horror movie you’ve seen?
What is one of your biggest regrets and what are you doing to rectify it?
What is something that sounds illegal, but isn't?
Dads of Reddit, what's the best dad joke you've ever pulled?
What do we know other than repetitive information and ideas?
What songs do you know in more than one language?
Therapists of reddit, what are most people going through right now?
You just found a $100 bill on the ground. What would you use it for to make even more money off of it?
What is the weirdest idea you’ve had recently?
When did you realize life wasn't fair and can be quite bad at times?
Whats the story behind your favorite tattoo?
[Serious]Are you wearing a mask when outside? Why or why not?
If a person begins to use a hearing aid and then stops using it, how does that impact on any hearing in that ear?
Where did the British expression or phrase "good show" come from?
What's made you the maddest you've ever been?
What ways do marketers communicate with their coworkers/peers?
Person with strange fetish, what funny story do you have?
Resort Workers of Mexico (or anywhere): What is your job really like? Are you happy with it?
What’s the most outrageous lie you’ve told?
Women of Reddit: When do you get feelings of nostalgia? What are your feeelings about?
Redditors who have tried lucid dreaming: Did it work? What did you do with it or what would you do with it if you could?
What are some surprisingly in demand jobs outside of the U.S.?
What is the worst thing a guest has ever done at your house?
[Serious] Former KFC workers, what are your horror stories?
Redditors who jumped from an airplane: What was the first thought that came to your mind after you jumped?
Where are you from? How has your week been?
How long can it take to animate a Disney or Pixar film?
What is a game you've played and thought was great, but the ending was either bad or completely ruined the game?
People who work with customers. What was that one customer that completely ruined your day and mood?
What's your favorite myth or legend?
What is an interesting, low budget hobby that anyone can get into during the isolation?
What’s your all time favourite movie/tv show quote?
What was the most non logical thing you said to your crush?
People who blast their shitty loud music over xbox live, how does it feel to be the most annoying douche?
If you could take 1 thing to mars with you, what would you take?
Gamers of reddit, what was the most satisfying timesave you’ve ever done?
Ex soldiers, What's your history?
Would Mount Everest be easier or harder to climb without all of the snow? How much does the snow adds in height of the mountain?
How to get back in touch with someone to apologise to them a month later?
What movie helped you in a hard time?
If you were to start from zero and become a multi-millionaire how would you do it?
What is the most unexplainable/ creepy thing you've ever encountered in the woods?
How do you not hate yourself for accidentally slaughtering earthworms while gardening?
Parents: what’s something your child begged for relentlessly that’s now collecting dust?
When you lost your virginity, was there any kind of foreplay or did you just stick it in?
What is your worst crazy ex stories that haunt you to this day?
What do you do to relieve anxiety?
At what point in your life do you say “congratulations” instead oh “oh shit” when your friend tells you that they are pregnant/going to be a dad?
What happened to TJ Miller?
What is the absolute worst song to strip to?
[Serious] What is your worst memory?
What was your toughest problem and how do you came to solve it?
Have you ever had a crush and in the end it turned out theyre gay? How did u find out?
People who are taking and have been taking public transportation, where are you going? What could help you avoid crowded public transport? (Serious)
Interrogation/lie detection experts of Reddit, Could you explain what visual cues tell you that someone is lying to you in an interrogation?
If you could have written a piece of music that already exists, what would it be and why?
(NSFW) what was your first time like?
What do you do when you are angry and want to beat the shit out of everyone?
What's a video game you can play for 10+ years and not get bored of it?
What risks have rewarded you the most?
Hairdressers of reddit, what was the weirdest moment you’ve had with a customer?
How do you feel when people cheer during movie theatre screenings? Those who do this: why? Those who do not: how do you feel about this behaviour?
What would cars look like in 2100?
What's your all-time favorite shot or scene from a movie or TV show?
Dentist of Reddit: What is your number one recommendation for toothpaste?
Have you ever performed a prank which made you feel bad for doing it?
What is something in your house that hasn't physically moved locations in ages, and why?
What is a fast food place/chain restaurant people like but you refuse to eat from?
What was your most (physically) painful experience? Has your brain gone all "Yeah, could take it without problem now" yet?
what would be the "If you stop buying it, they stop releasing it" if money wouldn't involved?
How has your country's government directly or indirectly screwed you over?
if you can change one thing about your life what would it be?
What's the best online course you would recommend to do?
How do you break out of your own negative feedback loop? What gets you there in the first place?
Artists who work at conventions, what is the weirdest request you have ever received?
When was a time you didn't feel entirely safe?
How narcissistic or self-centered would you say people in America are (if they are that is)?
Woke up and hopped onto Google News to see several articles about Joe Rogan saying he'd vote for Trump over Biden. If you're a listener of his podcast, you'll know this is taken out of context. Most people want facts on world events, not individual opinions. What are some legitimate sources of news?
Cops On Reddit, What Was The Creepiest Thing That Happened While You Were On Duty?
what was the weirdest content or website you had to do data input for?
What would happen if the government consisted entirely of dogs?
For how many of you is using water stimulation to masturbate like using a showerhead, tub faucet, or hot tub jets, a thing you do regularly?
What are some of the best video games (particularly singly-player campaigns) of the past 5 years?
What do you think the skills we could learn in the middle of what's currently happening?
Dildo owners, what do you look for in a dildo to buy it?
What’s the most opposite thing of punk you can think of?
When you dream, do you ever cheat on your SO or do you stay faithful?
if you were lost on a desert island which person and superpower object you would like to have at that?
Have you ever had a wet dream about a celebrity/celebrities and who?
[SERIOUS] Dear Users of Reddit, what are some of the most unique farewell/last day emails you have seen at your workplace?
Most do well with distancing, but what is up with people who walk up behind you without saying anything?
You’re on death row and you have 1 final meal. However, there’s a catch: you can ONLY pick from fast food places. What are you eating?
What psychological framework or model would you use to analyze self-reflection in rap music?
Pet owners of reddit, how did your pet pick you?
You can change the color of one copy of one object, how do you cause the most chaos?
What are the signs that you are wasting your life?
When was a time that someone's name(first or last) got them into serious confusion/trouble?
What would it be like if America had a king or queen?
When did you know you were absolutely loved by your SO?
Which special/unique word of your native language should be used in every language?
Reddit. Choose a movie. Keep one actor. The rest are Muppets. What is the movie and which actor do you keep?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
What song makes everything immediately better?
What makes the United States a big joke?
What was your strangest experience on an online retailing site?
What state would you most like to live in?
What one song do you associate with the freedom of having your own car?
If you could meet one famous person and ask them a single question, who would it be and what would you ask?
People of Reddit, what makes a persons’ voice attractive, for either a male or female??
Are you comfortable with how you look in pictures? If not, why?
Christians of Reddit, which events do you think are going to be in the sequel to the Bible?
Homeschooled kids of Reddit, how did being homeschooled affect your future?
If everyone in the whole world were listening, what would you tell them?
In hindsight, what Atari game would have prepared us best for life in the 21st century?
What is an example of someone (you know or a stranger) putting you in an extremely uncomfortable or awkward situation through no fault of your own?
What do you usually find yourself daydreaming about?
Redditors just for fun! What is the worst song one could play at a funeral?
What are some NOT SO Fun Facts?
As a kid, what did you think you would NEVER do as an adult but end up doing it anyways?
Scottish and Irish people of Reddit,who are the worst Englismen you've encountered and why are they the worst?
What’s the best investment you have made?
What's that one song that gives you chills every time you listen to it no matter what?
If you could change one thing on Reddit, what would it be?
Why is an intimate relationship between a boss and employee usually considered wrong?
You are asked to audition for The X Factor, but you are required to have no talent in your presentation, what would you do to still impress them?
If you're life was constantly narrated by someone. Who would it be narrated by?
What are hints you gave someone and they didn't notice?
What is your ”glitch in the Matrix” moment?
what the fuck does 👉👈 mean?
What book revolutionised the way you think?
Would marijuana legalization boost the economy after this shut down why or why not?
What song or piece of music arouses you or makes you feel more sexual?
What is your most "it's a small world" experience?
Would you rather have 10 million dollars or find your soulmate? Why?
What is somethings you’ve done that you’ll always regret?
Female ex-convicts of Reddit, what are strange things that go on in female prisons that no one talks about/many people are unaware of?
Active duty military, what’s life like on base right now?
Adulterers, how has your sex life changed over the past month?
How do you wake up every morning feeling rested?
What do you find attractive about the opposite sex now that used to turn you off?
To those who dropped out and became homeschooled, where are you now?
Who's your favorite youtuber?
What poem do you think everybody should read?
What discontinued food/snack/candy or drink should they bring back?
The movie is about a tragic childhood. You are a villain. What is your character like?
Every time you enter a room an existing jingle plays. Which jingle do you choose?
What did your school take too far?
Has anyone had any luck with resetting their pain tolerance? Like getting the pain signals from every day aches and pains to lessen somehow?
Security guards who stand and protect important buildings/people, are you always actively searching for suspects/intruders, and does this type of alertness affect your daily private lives?
Atheists-turned-religious, what made you change?
People who learned English as a second language, whats was the hardest or easier then your first language? What made it harder or easier?
How come Arrean, Plutarch &amp; Diodorus were main source of information about Alexander the Great when each one of them came 300+ years after him? What about contemporary sources?
Teachers of reddit, how do you plan your lessons for online teaching?
Redditors, at what moment did you know you messed up?
How do you deal with a condescending, passive aggressive person?
For those who dont want children, why not?
What are you doing more of while “stay at home” orders are in affect?
Reddit , what's your fav joke? [Serious]
What are some entertaining ways to keep up communication with a partner/friend quarantining in a different location?
What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?
What movie would be totally different, if every character was the opposite gender?
What haven’t you seen something do since the mid 2000s?
People of Reddit, what is a small yet interesting convenience/perk that comes with your job?
If your favourite crisp flavour was the actual food you'd be eating, What would you new favourite flavour be?
Biologically (or otherwise) , how could we explain how dragons could breathe fire?
Redditors, what was your "200IQ" moment ?
What food are you mildly allergic to but kept on eating because it taste good?
If life was normal right now, what would you be doing?
What weird food combinations do you enjoy?
People from the UK: How do you feel about your taxes going towards the upkeep of the lives of the royal family?
What will we be like in one millions years?
You walk into a room with 1 redditor, 1 Instagramer and a Twitterer. How do you know who's who?
you've just died and you can now see your life time stats, which one are you looking at first?
What's something your partner really likes that you don't, but you tolerate because you love them?
What should be included in the subscription version of adult life?
To the “normal” people out there, what is your darkest secret?
What is something you’ve always been terrible at, no matter the effort?
What is the musical genre of the game "Red strings club"?
What have you always wanted to try but never found the courage to do?
Cam girls of reddit, what are the best and worst parts of your job? Any stories?
What movie or book made you cry?
Why arent people up in arms asking for officials like Congressmen, surgeons general's to resign over the botched response to CVD-19?
The United States just disappeared and you have to move elsewhere, where are you going to go?
What are some scary unsolved mysteries that are yet to be solved?
Parents, what would you do if you walked in on your kid masturbating/having sex?
Men of reddit, what is the nicest way to be turned down?
What are some thoughts that keep you up at night?
How fast can you say the alphabet backwards?
What do women think about incels?
If you could befriend or date one person from history, who would you choose?
What is the reason for most men wanting to shave their head?
What are some of the worst pieces of 20th century propaganda, which are still believed by many of your fellow countrymen?
How to tutor remotely?
What’s your greatest story so far about staying at home with your kids 24/7?
Why does Redditads get rewards and normal users dont?
What was your college major, and how much do you use that knowledge for work now?
What's something your brain tries to make you do and you have to will yourself not to do it?
What do you just not care about even if others say you should?
People who live with flatulent significant others, what are your coping mechanisms?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing you’ve witnessed behind bars?
Lonely people of Reddit, how are you doing?
How many couples that are currently postponing their weddings will have second thoughts and decide to end the relationship?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
Which movies spoil the entire plot in the very beginning?
How would you react if you woke up one morning with no sense of smell or taste?
Without having actual sex, do you and your significant other unashamedly masturbate in each other's presence whenever the need arises? If so, how was that agreement reached?
How would you explain the events of 2020 so far to someone who has been “off the grid” until now?
Why was Reddit down for a moment?
Dear people who have to have all the lights on constantly: why?
What's a friendlier alternative to "Fuck you" ?
What's something that science should have invented/discovered by 2020, but for whatever reason is still science fiction rather than reality?
What's the greatest unintentional sexual innuendo that you've ever heard?
What's your favorite word?
Drug dealers of Reddit, what are your code of ethics?
If you could watch one HD video of an event that few or no people witnessed, what would you choose?
What is your most memorable inside joke?
What is the difference between techno and tekno?
What’s the first word you think of when you hear the word, Politician?
when we can grow meat artificially in a lab what is the first extinct animal we should clone and eat?
What is a small thing or an opinion about someone but can still tell alot?
What was the most awkward situation when you reacted to something that wasn't meant for you?
How accurate is the sitcom, Brooklyn Nine-Nine?
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
Lazy bilinguals, what word did you impose to your family/friends/accointances?
Teat is an old-school word for tit. what are other old-school sex words?
People who are staying home and avoiding going to the grocery store, what item(s) are you going through faster than you expected?
What thing about reddit, annoys the heck out of you?
People who drive a lot at night, what's your creepiest or most unexplainable thing you saw?
what child do you know is going to have a terrible life because of their parents?
Gore watchers of reddit: why do you like it? What are your thoughts on this kind of content?
What would billboards for cavemen advertise?
Why do Islamic countries build a bunch of mosques in Europe, but they won’t tolerate someone building churches in their countries?
Was there a time when you knowingly ate expired food? How did it go?
Like magic *poof* the internet is gone. What do you do with your life now?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
How would do think you would react meeting a personal hero?
What made you lose hope in humanity?
What was the 1 thing you were never meant to do and did?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
You are offered the chance to be cryogenically frozen along with ten other people and/or pets of your choice. Who do you choose and why?
People of Reddit, is it just me or Reddit is dying today? Everything took forever to load on android app and nothing works on desktop PC.
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
Do judgments matter? If not, why not? If so, that means others judgements about your existence do too, right?
What's something you discover during at home ?
Why do Islamic countries build a bunch of mosques in Europe, but they won’t tolerate someone building churches in their countries?
What's something you discover during at home ?
Why do Islamic countries build a bunch of mosques in Europe, but they won’t tolerate someone building churches in their countries?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
If you could be any smash character, who would you be and why? How would this effect your day to day lives?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
If you could be any smash character, who would you be and why? How would this effect your day to day lives?
A decent part of people who speak english: how come you confuse "you're" with "your" and "they're" with "their"? Do you have any idea how annoying it is, even to not-native speakers?
A decent part of people who speak english: how come you confuse "you're" with "your" and "they're" with "their"? Do you have any idea how annoying it is, even to not-native speakers?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What is the difference between techno and tekno?
What is the difference between techno and tekno?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
A decent part of people who speak english: how come you confuse "you're" with "your" and "they're" with "their"? Do you have any idea how annoying it is, even to not-native speakers
A decent part of people who speak english: how come you confuse "you're" with "your" and "they're" with "their"? Do you have any idea how annoying it is, even to not-native speakers
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
What do you know about India or what would you like to know about it?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
What kind of internet content is your 1-hour suddenly gone rabbit hole?
What kind of internet content is your 1-hour suddenly gone rabbit hole?
Parents of Reddit, how are your kids handling this quarantine?
Parents of Reddit, how are your kids handling this quarantine?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
Redditors who work in the film industry, how is the culture / environment post the #metoo movement. Has anything changed?
What is the most complex way you've seen someone do a simple task?
What is the most complex way you've seen someone do a simple task?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
What's going to change after COVID-19?
Parents of Reddit, how are your kids handling this quarantine?
Parents of Reddit, how are your kids handling this quarantine?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
what was the weirdest content or website you had to do data input for?
what was the weirdest content or website you had to do data input for?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
What's going to change after COVID-19?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
People who founded a cult (small or big), how was it? Also, why?
People who founded a cult (small or big), how was it? Also, why?
[SERIOUS] Dear Users of Reddit, what are some of the most unique farewell/last day emails you have seen at your workplace?
what was the weirdest content or website you had to do data input for?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
Hmmm, I wonder who is DDOSing Reddit : / ?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
What kind of internet content is your 1-hour suddenly gone rabbit hole?
What kind of internet content is your 1-hour suddenly gone rabbit hole?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
People who founded a cult (small or big), how was it? Also, why?
People who founded a cult (small or big), how was it? Also, why?
[serious] What are some things you took for granted that you may no longer do after quarantine is lifted?
[serious] What are some things you took for granted that you may no longer do after quarantine is lifted?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing another inmate has ever done?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
[serious] What are some things you took for granted that you may no longer do after quarantine is lifted?
[serious] What are some things you took for granted that you may no longer do after quarantine is lifted?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing another inmate has ever done?
Ken Rex McElroy was a man so hated by his community that when he was shot and killed in front of so many witnesses, no one came forward to name the culprit. Who's the Ken Rex McElroy of your community?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
What is some good news?
What is some good news?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing another inmate has ever done?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing another inmate has ever done?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
If you replaced one word in a movie title to make it sound more sexual. What would it be?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing another inmate has ever done?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what was the most wholesome thing another inmate has ever done?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself?
Singers of Reddit. Why do singers feel the need to take a traditional song like the national anthem and make it their own? Why not just sing it in the traditional way?
Singers of Reddit. Why do singers feel the need to take a traditional song like the national anthem and make it their own? Why not just sing it in the traditional way?
Help Translating old black belt
Help Translating old black belt
What's the most unusual thing you know how to do?
What's the most unusual thing you know how to do?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself.
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself.
What is some good news?
What is some good news?
Good funny name for minecraft?
Good funny name for minecraft?
How effective are DIY masks of various house hold materials compared to n95 masks and p100 filters?
How effective are DIY masks of various house hold materials compared to n95 masks and p100 filters?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself.
Good funny name for minecraft?
Like magic, the internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
Like magic, the internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
Help Translating old black belt
Help Translating old black belt
Like magic, the internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
Good funny name for minecraft?
Good funny name for minecraft?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself.
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself.
Barberers of reddit, what was the weirdest moment you’ve had with a customer?
[Serious] People of reddit who have autism, what's one thing that u wish people would stop assuming about yourself.
Fellow straight bachelors of Reddit, on the rare occasion that you refused sex, what's your story?
About to get a new phone. What do you have on your phone that makes you think you need 128GB of storage?
How effective are DIY masks of various house hold materials compared to n95 masks and p100 filters?
How effective are DIY masks of various house hold materials compared to n95 masks and p100 filters?
About to get a new phone. What do you have on your phone that makes you think you need 128GB of storage?
About to get a new phone. What do you have on your phone that makes you think you need 128GB of storage?
People of reddit who lost their virginity under the age of consent, how did it go, do you regret it?
What is the gesture for "(I'm)sorry"?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
About to get a new phone. What do you have on your phone that makes you think you need 128GB of storage?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
What is a conspiracy theory you came up with and are convinced it is real?
What is a conspiracy theory you came up with and are convinced it is real?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
what was the weirdest content or website you had to do data input for?
what was the weirdest content or website you had to do data input for?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
How effective are DIY masks compared to n95 masks and p100 filters?
How effective are DIY masks compared to n95 masks and p100 filters?
Bible scholars of Reddit: what are some little known facts about the Bible?
What is the gesture for "(I'm)sorry" in your country?
What is the gesture for "(I'm)sorry" in your country?
Bible scholars of Reddit: what are some little known facts about the Bible?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
The internet is gone for good *poof*. What do you do with your life now?
What’s a popular meme song going on right now?
What is the stupidest thing you fought your sibling for?
For the rest of your life you're only able to eat the food native to a single country/culture. What food do you choose?
For the rest of your life you're only able to eat the food native to a single country/culture. What food do you choose?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
What would billboards for cavemen advertise?
What would billboards for cavemen advertise?
What are some legit online jobs we can do in this lockdown ?
What are some legit online jobs we can do in this lockdown ?
Which Dave's gourmet hot sauce is the best?
Which Dave's gourmet hot sauce is the best?
Retail workers of Reddit, what is the new pandemic version of "oh it didn't scan? That means it's free!" that you now hear all the time?
Retail workers of Reddit, what is the new pandemic version of "oh it didn't scan? That means it's free!" that you now hear all the time?
What was the most awkward situation when you reacted to something that wasn't meant for you?
What was the most awkward situation when you reacted to something that wasn't meant for you?
What do tou think about US taking away equipments from other countries like Brazil to treat covid-19?
What do tou think about US taking away equipments from other countries like Brazil to treat covid-19?
For the rest of your life you're only able to eat the food native to a single country/culture. What food do you choose?
For the rest of your life you're only able to eat the food native to a single country/culture. What food do you choose?
What's the weirdest/worst thing you've stuck your dick in?
What was the most awkward situation when you reacted to something that wasn't meant for you?
What was the most awkward situation when you reacted to something that wasn't meant for you?
What’s a popular meme song going on now?
What’s a popular meme song going on now?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
Help Translating karate black belt
What's the weirdest/worst thing you've stuck your dick in?
What’s a popular meme song going on now?
What’s a popular meme song going on now?
Help Translating karate black belt
What’s a popular meme song going on now?
What’s a popular meme song going on now?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
It turns out _______ was the cure after all. What’s in the blank?
It turns out _______ was the cure after all. What’s in the blank?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
What are you storing on your phone to require a 128GB phone?
Looking for help on how to save my photos (not digital) to flash drives to share with family.
Looking for help on how to save my photos (not digital) to flash drives to share with family.
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
Can someone please explain to me why stores are STILL running out of toilet paper?
Can someone please explain to me why stores are STILL running out of toilet paper?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
what is the last thing you said to your crush?
Have you ever been blackmailed, or blackmailed someone. What was the story?
can any teachers of reddit offer advice for creating a lesson plan please?
can any teachers of reddit offer advice for creating a lesson plan please?
what is the last thing you said to your crush?
What would the emergency calls sound like in a Harry Potter world?
Can someone please explain to me why stores are STILL running out of toilet paper?
Can someone please explain to me why stores are STILL running out of toilet paper?
[serious] How do you stop feeling like everyone you come in contact with hates you or looks down on you?
What do you think happened to Malaysian Airlines Flight 370?
What do you think happened to Malaysian Airlines Flight 370?
What's the most interesting place you've stuck a Q-Tip in?
What's the most interesting place you've stuck a Q-Tip in?
What's the weirdest thing you've stuck your dick in?
What's the weirdest thing you've stuck your dick in?
Which oils are we considering non essential during this thing?
What is the wildest dream you’ve ever had?
what is the last thing you said to your crush?
what is the last thing you said to your crush?
What is the wildest dream you’ve ever had?
What is the wildest dream you’ve ever had?
How accurate is the sitcom, Brooklyn Nine-Nine?
If you could relive one moment from your life one more time, would you?
what is the last thing you said to your crush?
what is the last thing you said to your crush?
After being shelter in place for awhile, what have you realized you need?
After being shelter in place for awhile, what have you realized you need?
Coma patients of Reddit, I’ve heard that being in a coma can change a person, did you notice or were you told that you had changed at all?
[serious] How do you stop feeling like everyone you come in contact with hates you or looks down on you?
[serious] How do you stop feeling like everyone you come in contact with hates you or looks down on you?
Coma patients of Reddit, I’ve heard that being in a coma can change a person, did you notice or were you told that you had changed at all?
Coma patients of Reddit, I’ve heard that being in a coma can change a person, did you notice or were you told that you had changed at all?
People who have a Boyfriend/Girlfriend, what is it like?
People who have a Boyfriend/Girlfriend, what is it like?
What is something you wish you had?
What is something you wish you had?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
People who have a Boyfriend/Girlfriend, what is it like?
People who have a Boyfriend/Girlfriend, what is it like?
What is something you wish you had?
Polygraph tomorrow for a correctional officer job. Any advice?
Polygraph tomorrow for a correctional officer job. Any advice?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
What is the weirdest video you've seen on Youtube and how did it make you feel?
What is the weirdest video you've seen on Youtube and how did it make you feel?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
The Engineering of corona virus
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
The Engineering of corona virus
Without having actual sex, do you and your significant other unashamedly masturbate in each other's presence whenever the need arises?
Without having actual sex, do you and your significant other unashamedly masturbate in each other's presence whenever the need arises?
You’re an alien who just arrived on Earth; what’s the first thing you say to yourself?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
Since we are all in this together, what do you need now that we are shelter in place in most areas?
Without having actual sex, do you and your significant other unashamedly masturbate in each other's presence whenever the need arises?
What do you do to pass the time?
What do tou think about US taking away equipments that Brazil had already bought to treat covid-19?
What console/pc game from anytime in history would you like to see brought out on phones?
People who didn’t wear goggles while mixing salt and water in science class, how did you survive?
Teachers of Reddit can you offer some advice of how to create a lesson plan for home schooling my niece during lock down via video calls. I want to help her pass her GCSE's when she returns to school with the workbook her school provided.
Teachers of Reddit can you offer some advice of how to create a lesson plan for home schooling my niece during lock down via video calls. I want to help her pass her GCSE's when she returns to school with the workbook her school provided.
People who live outside the U.S, what are your news outlets reporting on what’s happening here?
People who live outside the U.S, what are your news outlets reporting on what’s happening here?
Assume your favourite conspiracy theory is proven unequivocally true, what impact does it have on the world?
You can save a random movie character from dying or being killed, Which character do you want to save?
You can save a random movie character from dying or being killed, Which character do you want to save?
Assume your favourite conspiracy theory is proven unequivocally true, what impact does it have on the world?
What’s the one big thing/event that happened to you that really got you rethinking your life choices?
how is r/lounge like?
Assume your favourite conspiracy theory is proven unequivocally true, what impact does it have on the world?
Parents of reddit, what's the most embarrassing thing your child has done in public?
Parents of reddit, what's the most embarrassing thing your child has done in public?
What do you do to pass the time?
What do you do to pass the time?
Which iPhone is best to get for a casual user who mainly just uses their phone to listen to music and take photos?
If you had a warning sign on your back. What would it be?
Assume your favourite conspiracy theory is proven unequivocally true, what impact does it have on the world?
Assume your favourite conspiracy theory is proven unequivocally true, what impact does it have on the world?
For how many of you is using water stimulation to masturbate (showerhead, tub faucet, hot tub jets) a thing you do regularly?
It's your first day out of things finally going back to normal where you live. What do you do?
For how many of you is using water stimulation to masturbate (showerhead, tub faucet, hot tub jets) a thing you do regularly?
What’s something sadder than seeing your own father crying?
What’s something sadder than seeing your own father crying?
What's something you've done to better yourself during the quarantine?
What's something you've done to better yourself during the quarantine?
If you had a warning sign on your back. What would it be?
Teachers of Reddit can you offer some advice of how to create a lesson plan for home schooling my niece during lock down via video calls. I want to help her pass her GCSE's when she returns to school with the workbook her school provided.
Teachers of Reddit can you offer some advice of how to create a lesson plan for home schooling my niece during lock down via video calls. I want to help her pass her GCSE's when she returns to school with the workbook her school provided.
If you had a warning sign on your back. What would it be?
If you had a warning sign on your back. What would it be?
What's something you've done to better yourself during the quarantine?
If you had a warning sign on your back. What would it be?
If you had a warning sign on your back. What would it be?
Hairstylists of reddit, have you ever encountered a client that just says "do what you want with my hair" ? How did that situation play out?
How one can stop piracy in a country?
How would you feel if Trump were to say "i am withholding medical supplies from states who do not issue stay at home orders"?
What are some ways reddit ia different from other platforms?
Bernie appears way more popular, so who are all these Biden supporters and why support him?
How do you confront a company about their price gouging?
Can I bring paint codes from one store to another?
Isn’t it mercy to oneself to take their own life to prevent future suffering if suffering is part of living?
For how many of you is using water stimulation to masturbate a thing you do regularly? (Showerhead, tub faucet, hot tub jets)
If a premium version of SEX were to exist, what features would it include?
Does the pretty girl who doesn't know she's pretty actually exist?
How would you handle a 1 hour session with a Brutal Serial Killer??
How has the lock down changed your sleep cycle?
What famous person would you swap lives with for the day?
What is your Neighbor from Hell story?
What mildly irritating habits of your family/roomates have been magnified by spending too much time together?
What’s a dream night out for you?
Help me get my $1,500 back from school
What’s something you hate that starts with C?
If you could go back when you were 20, what would you do differently in your life?
How familiar are you with India? If not, what would you like to know about India
What are the first three places you'll go when the COVID crisis ends?
What is your absolute goal in life?
What kind of fear do you not want to tell your loved ones?
[SERIOUS] Not to sound insensitive, but how are you capitalizing or benefiting from the shutdown/pandemic?
People that have been to StarBucks. What is it like?
(For all females) have naturally curly hair but when straightening it, it feels sexier, does any other female feel like this?
What is free or discounted right now that more people should know about?
Which historical event, if it had happened differently, would fundamentally change the world today and how?
There’s a saying “You have to love yourself before you can love others.” What advice do you have for loving yourself?
COFFEE TOO WEAK can I put coffee where the water goes and make coffee out of coffee?
Since we’ve all been sleeping so much, what’s the weirdest dream you’ve had recently?
You found that in order to cure *toot*, you had to fuck a clock. How do you spread the word so that people would believe you?
Hi guys newbie here.How do you feel that you are confessing or giving good compliments to your crush?
[Serious] Redditors who don't use a VPN provider, why?
If you could recreate a convention that was as bad/worse than DashCon, with people oblivious to what a mess they signed up to, which group of people would you aim the convention towards and why?
You are in the world of Final Destination now. What plans do you have to evade Death for as long as possible?
If you could only give one peice of advice to pass to the next generation, what would it be?
(For all females) I have naturally curly hair but when straightening it personality feels sexier..does any other female feel like this?
What legendary, widely appreciated concert have you have experienced that was way better than advertised?
Just what are things you want in a quantity of one?
With so much misinformation out there, where can I get RELIABLE news?
What are your thoughts on kids in school reciting The Pledge of Allegiance?
What's weirder a Talking Animal with a Non-talking member of its species or a Talking Animal with a Human?
Girls, what's wrong with the men?
What are signs that someone's depressed?
Optometrists of reddit. Why do you make us read the line we can read even though we already said we can’t read it?
What is it like to have a bad teacher?
What is the worst thing you did as a horny teen? (NSFW)
Redditors who were around to see it, what was the overall user consensus about REDDIT_TROPES, and what do you think about it now, years after it stopped replying?
What is your COVID19 story?
Mechanics of Reddit, could you really sneak a whole car out of a factory one piece at a time like in the song?
What is something so annoying but you can’t do anything about it?
People in their late 20s, how does it feel having 2 years taken off your selective prime due to these circumstances?
What's weirder a Talking Animal in a relationship with a Non-talking member of the same spieces or a Talking Animal with a Human.
Whats something that you have done to get out of a fine?
What is an easy form of psychological warfare you can do to someone that annoys you?
What does S.H.I.E.L.D mean (wrong answers only)?
How do you get rid of a problematic roommate?
What is your "oh shit" moment which turned out ok?
Would you remove 15 years from your life for an instant $5 million deposit to your bank? Why or why not?
What is the most unexpected adoption story you have or heard about a pet?
What kind of tones do you HATE people speaking in?
How has "Once a fat kid, always a fat kid" affected you?
Assuming you're in a love triangle and you were asked to choose. The first person was with you when you had nothing and the other helped you get successful, who would you pick?
What is the most unusual parenting you have seen at a friends house?
How are you feeling?
[Serious]When do the riots start?
Any tips on how to deal with nicotine drawbacks?
What do you hate about karins
What is a sure-fire sign that a shy girl likes you?
Imagine you had $250,000,000 to build your dream house, what would you add in it that most people wouldn’t think of?
What was your worst case of procrastination of homework?
[Serious] What's something that usually harms you but has made you really happy at least once?
What's life like in your part of the world these days?
You have the ability to remove 1 natural law, such as of physics which on do u remove?
What is the best book you have read and why?
Is "Once an overweight kid, always an overweight kid" real?
What is the best to when someone blocks you?
What is your biggest fear?
What food gives you that Anton Ego, the critic from Ratatouille, effect?
How long can the stay at home orders feasibly last before people it becomes completely unsustainable?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What is a staple of your grocery list?
What is a simple thing you wish you had a lifehack for?
Lawyers of Reddit, What lines do TV Shows make it look like Lawyers cross, but are completely unrealistic?
Is anyone taking a social media break during all this? If so, why and how are you feeling about it?
What's the meaning of your username?
What is a simple thing you wish you had a lifehack for? Someone else chime in with an answer
How vivid are your dreams?
People of Reddit' what makes you wanna nuke earth?
What gender are you?
[Serious] People who support Joe Biden, how do you reconcile his inappropriate touching of children and his obvious signs of dementia?
What's your favorite meme of all time?
What's the scariest thing you've ever seen while alone?
What songs has been ruined thanks to Pop Culture?
Scuba divers of Reddit, what’s a creepy or shocking discovery you made during a dive?
What is your special attack if you are a character in somekind of rpg game?
What is some thing about a friend that pisses you off but you haven't told him/her?
What's a line from a show that's stuck with you throughout adulthood?
Since suffering is part of life, isn’t it mercy to oneself to take their own life to prevent future suffering that will always occur as long as one lives?
You have a magical TV that makes any show, movie, cartoon or even pornography with any combination of actors possible. What will you watch?
People of Reddit. Why?
You have to chose one superpower that you can have for a lifetime. What do you choose and why?
What is the funniest article you've read on Wikipedia?
Why do young people in old photos look old?
What bottle of single malt Scotch are you nestled up in?
Casting directors of Reddit: Gay guys are cast to play straight guys all the time. Would you personally cast a gay guy to play a straight guy of vice versa? Why or why not?
What are some of the worst Name Combos?
What kinds of conversations only happen in China?
You are given a time machine that can change one thing that happened in the world over the past three years without consequences. What do you change and why?
People who drive a lot at night, what's your creepiest or most unexplainable thing you saw?
Just woke up from coma. Where is everyone?
What can either make or ruin your day, based on the context?
If there was a show to bring to streaming for free, that hasn’t been streamed. During the pandemic, what show would you want to re watch for free?
Casting directors of Reddit: you can cast gay guys to play straight guys. Others do it all the time. Would you ever cast a straight guy to play a gay guy?
[Serious] Redditors who work in housing agencys currently, are inspections for your agency still going on?
[Serious]People who have experienced war as civilians, how was life during the war?
What is the longest you've been without having a shower or bath, and why?
Corona vairas
Lazy people of Reddit, when all your plates are dirty, do you use the least dirty one or do you clean one?
What popular tv shows do you not like?
What’s a smell that “takes you back” and why?
What interesting story you have from your pets?
To those in isolation, what have you been doing to keep yourself busy?
What happens after a villager says they want to leave?
Whilst stuck inside your home, what's your favourite type of game(s) you like to play?
What do you really like but does your boy/girlfriend really hates?
If Snoo was a person, what character qualities/traits would he have?
What’s one thing you want to say to your parent(s) but are too afraid to?
I had corona virus AMA
Who’s invited to the cookout?
What stories that have been told throughout your family, area or other general urban legends or folklore have scared you?
What was a “watershed moment” in your life and what changed as a result?
Should Carole be the new Karen of 2020, why or why not?
What stories that have been told throughout your family, area or other general urban legends or folklore have scared you?
What stories that have been told throughout your family, area or other general urban legends or folklore have scared you?
[serious] If N95 masks are what you need to protect against Covid-19, why is the Surgeon General showing how to make masks from old t-shirts?
How do you disinfect your phone when disinfecting wipes are sold out everywhere?
Reddit, what's the closest you've been to dying?
If you had to befriend the spider that lives in your house, how would you go about it?
Redditors, what is the best song for you when you're depressed?
What if we put vaseline on our faces when we go out?Could the vaseline trap the virus if it hit your face and render it harmless? If not, Why?
Why are your opinions on how exotic?
What is the biggest deal breaker for you?
Survivors of Reddit, what cycle did you break? How did you do it?
Everything that you've thought of in the last 24 hours has now become reality what has happened?
Introvert asks extroverts: When something personal bothers you or when you have a crisis, do you talk openly to people about it?
Why did BC Powder company change the packaging from the folded wax paper to the sealed packages?
How do you drop subtle hints to your crush that you like them?
is coronnavirrus a hoax? why?
What has the weird kid done to get kicked out of your school?
What is your go-to combination when making Top Ramen?
What is the nicest thing a stranger has given you/done for you?
What causes the penis area to smell a distinct spicy odor when a heater is heating it?
What type of person comes to mind when you hear 'Escalade driver'?
People who got caught Jacking Off, How did you react?
Pixar Studios emails you saying they will prove or disprove any theory you have on any Pixar movie. Which movie and which theory do you pick?
You choose a superhero name but the first reply gets to choose if you’re a bad guy or good guy.
What form of storytelling has the most potential for excellence, movies, tv shows, books etc. and why?
What subreddit you want to see revive?
Workaholics, do you have fulfilling relationships or does your work ruin your relationships, why?
What words do you substitute swear words with?
What lesson in your life did you learn the hard way?
If you were in a witness protection program, what would be your new name and where would you go?
What's your experience of getting an electric shock?
What’s the creepiest thing to occur at a sleepover you’ve been to?
Would you feel more better about going to a restaurant if all the tables were separated by glass partitions?
It’s Sunday, Martial Law is declared, how do you set up for long term safety?
What song makes you feel like a badass?
You now can shapeshift what do you do with your new power?
What are examples of overpowered fictional characters that are not Mary Sues?
[NSFW] What's the deepest layer of the "internet porn habit" rabbit hole that you are aware of?
When does a healthy passion turn into a dangerous obsession?
What is your Uber/Taxi horror story?
What's a movie that affected you?
What recent invention you wish you had when you were younger?
people of reddit what is your favorite food?
CARONA SPREADER: Has anyone else seen the video on youtube of a lady at Walmart recording another lady purposefully touching every computer device in the store? Is she spreading the carona on purpose? What do you think?
What would your obituary say about you?
What is your Covid-19 breakup story?
What are some easy understandable shows to watch when you are learning a new language?
What was the weirdest thing that has ever been inside you?
You’re in quarantine and internet shuts down. What do you do to pass time?
If You Were to Fuck a clone of you that was the opposite gender, how would you fuck it?
The reason why A.I. scares people, is in movies people keep asking it the wrong question, how do we save the planet? Kill human's is the answer. But the question we should be asking is how do we save mankind. thoughts ?
Scuba divers of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing that you've seen/happened to you underwater?
How can you get a good app idea in the right hands?
Guys who sends dick pics to girls they've just met. Why?
What is currently your biggest fear?
What do you think about fanservice?
Given a privilege to name this era in all history book, what would you name it and why?
What is good quality?
What would it take for you to finally say, “ok, 2020 couldn’t possibly get any worse”?
What is the biggest culture shock you have ever faced?
Gamers of Reddit: Who was the most sympathetic villain you had to go up against in any game?
What is the creepiest/worst thing someone has ever done for you in the name of love?
It’s very common to occasionally experience a dark, intrusive thought. What’s your most inappropriate story?
Stoners of Reddit: How are you doing these days?
What is your go-to video when you’re feeling sad?
Is there a list of companies who are taking care of their employees during the lay off and a list of companies who aren’t?
Who are the legendary Redditors and what have they done to earn this title?
You wake up to find that it is 01/01/2020. Only your memories are intact. What do you do?
What is a 2nd World Country?
It’s a tough time for those in healthcare. What is your favourite motivational song to get you through tough times?
People who have hid drugs from police while being searched and got away with it, how did you do it?
Why is Reddit called Reddit?
What's the time limit on using bidet before it's considered masturbation?
What are the ways the world is now safer with the epidemic?
What do you text to yourself?
Why is it homophobic to prefer date a non-transgender? [Serious]
If you could pick a store/business/whatever places people go to open during these trying times what place would you pick?
Whatever happened to the "deluxe" version of stuff and why is everything called premium now?
Redditors, How do you properly enjoy a movie?All the critics say that the film is "Dazzling!" or "(insert any wonderful word here)". How do you enjoy a film and should you follow how the critics enjoy it?
What are some uplifting songs with the theme of sun?
[serious] why is reddit saying try again later even after you tried turning off wifi and uninstalling then reinstalling?
You're a director of a movie. You have a chance to remake one movie, using the cast from another movie. Which movies do you choose?
Solo quarantiners: what have you been up to?
Do you think Decker is a Replicant? Why or why not?
What is your love language? What about your significant other or best friends?
Do you think Decker is a Replicant? Why or why not.
What are the best ways to show someone that you love them?
What was your most creepiest, unexplained experience?
How do people who are deaf their whole life imagine hearing is like?
In which place is it the easiest to be normal?
What is the appeal if Twitch?
What do you fear?
What are your favourite windows shortcuts?
What's the best written book in your opinion?
What unintentional thing that you did made strangers blush/giggle?
The Real Housewives of ________. What’s your best pitch for this new TV show?
If there was an occult like ritual to summon you,what would it be?
With graduation ceremonies cancelled across the world, what will you be doing to celebrate the day for yourself or a loved one who was affected?
If you could start a rumour about one historical figure, what would it be and why would people believe it?
What do you really like but your boy/girlfriend totally hates?
What is illegal but undeniably honorable?
What are your 2 texas hold em' lucky poker cards?
If you had a week left to live, what would that week consist of?
Anyone think of what our nation's response/retaliation will be after the COVID-19 outbreak?
Do yall know about a movie that is about a jewish girl with a chick that was killed in her schools lab and her brother has a bar mitzva and then she gets tired of everything and starts smoking?
Louis CK just released a new stand up special. What's your opinion on him?
Why do some (emphasis on some) former military people never shut up about the military?
Will travelling be cheaper or more expensive in 2021?
Why are 99% of redditors broke?
Whats the "shit! we gonna die" moment of you with your homies on a night out?
Is there any point for breeding Phytoplankton in cities in local ponds or lakes?
Bakers of reddit - if you had 250mL of cream and will never be able to get cream again, what would you do with it?
What's the single cheapest room to rent in your area?
What’s a video game that has a really great soundtrack?
The last band you listened to is who you are in Quarentime with so who is it?
What would you do if you started pissing and it never stopped?
What do you want but can't afford currently?
Can somwone do a favor if you can send chat request when you get this?
What makes someone a good kisser?
What should you do for your birthday taking into consideration what is currently happening?
If you chose one color to only see for the rest of your life, what would would you chose?
What item do you own which means alot to you and why?
I’m a nurse and this is a tough time for everyone in healthcare. What are some of your favourite motivational songs that get you through your tough times?
To drug addicts. What was your touching bottom situation,that made you look for help?
What is some food you like to eat what most people hate?
[Serious] If a person showers frequently and has good hygiene, will their flesh taste better than the flesh of an unhygienic person? What other factors could affect how they taste?
What is something everyone needs to do in their life?
What is the limit of human potential?
What unrealistic thing happens in movies which doesn't happen in real life?
gonna do water fasting starting tomorrow
People who already had high anxiety, depression, or stress - what are you doing to manage your symptoms during the current health crisis? How can others help?
Redditors who played against pro sports players before they went pro what was it like? Were they as good in their youth?
What would you do with a billion dollars?
What things do you guys do to your cars now that you've got time on hand(looking for inspiration)?
What are some fascinating facts about space and space exploration that could get someone intrigued who priorly had no interest in the subject?
What was your high school ‘incident’?
What was that one spiritual soundings song, went like badada boodey wahweh, badabada boodey wah, badada boodey wahweh wah dada?
What illegal things have become so ubiquitous that they are considered legal?
What's the best movie going experience you've ever had?
What companies (big or small) are doing great things during this pandemic, and deserve to be praises?
Home improvement store employees, how do you feel about us shopping during this time?
What's the "shit we gonna die" of you with your homies on night out?
Are there people who collect cassette tapes and would they buy mine?
If you had 60 seconds to leave your house what would you take?
What NEW obnoxious traits are you noticing in society?
Why are dairy farmers forced to dump milk right now?
What are some at-home activities you can do without having to sit down?
Guys who have had sex with the heater vent, Why did you do it?
Home improvement store employees - how do you feel about us shopping now?
If the government and banks repossessed all your belongings until your debts were settled, how screwed would you be?
What is a song that moves you emotionally?
What’s a weird, totally random power you’d like to have?
You have to replay your life, what do you do differently?
How much money do you truly need to live comfortably?
You're having a movie night with your friends. What movie are you watching and why?
What idea for an invention have you been keeping secret for years because you don’t want someone to steal it?
People of reddit who work in fast food what easy meals can you recreate at home?
What does date night mean to you?
What is your most embarrising moment from your teenage years?
How do you gain the motivation to study/work instead of just lazing around and procrastinating?
What did you wake up wanting to eat today?
Does a straw has one hole or two? Why?
How do you gain the motivation to study/work instead of just lazing around and procrastinating.
If we all got a message from God, what would yours say?
Why did our grandparents marriages last so much longer than our parents or ours?
Dear resistors, what is most prized item you owned,and from common to rare to unique or legendary which of those would you define it's rarity with?
How did “what doesn't kill you makes you _______“ turn out for you?
When has someone made you hate what you loved/liked?
I'm a Canadian-Pakistani second-year A-level student (Grade 12), studying in KSA, pursuing Computer Science, with an A*, 3A's, a B in my IGCSEs (O-levels), then an A, B, and C in my AS, 1210 SAT1, which best universities will I most likely be accepted in around the world? (more details in comments)
Emotionally Healthy People of Reddit, How do You Cry?
Emotionally Healthy People of Reddit, How do You Cry?
A new version of COVID-19 appears and it's called COVID-20. What are the symptoms?
A new version of COVID-19 appears and it's called COVID-20. What are the symptoms?
Emotionally Healthy People of Reddit, How do You Cry?
Teachers of Reddit. What was the worst breakup you have ever witnessed in school?
What is your favorite non-digital game to play?
Veterans who miss combat, why do you miss it?
For parents: if your teenaged daughter asked for a "toy" to help manage her stress right now, how would you react?
People of Reddit, what was your first clear cut "OMG, NO, I'm my mom/dad moment?"
Teachers of Reddit. What was the wirst breakup you have ever witnessed at your school? [Serious]
What is your spouse's magical power, which is equally amazing and annoying?
If you got $1000 for every tear you got from Trump how would you get rich?
What’s the first thing you read in the morning when you open the Reddit app?
Younger siblings of reddit why do you guys always feel the need to break or lose your older sibling’s stuff after “borrowing” it when you’re perfectly capable of looking after your own things?
What is the use for body parts on the black market?
If you could choose 3 celebrities to be a part of your 'squad', who would you choose?
People who disowned by their parents, what is your story?
What should we name gen. Z?
When did you realised that you REALLY messed up?
[Serious] Do you think nuclear fusion will be a useable method to produce electricity? Can it be created in a way that it provides significantly more energy than what is required to maintain it?
How does one motivate another who’s completely and utterly useless?
People who didn't realize they were living with a depressed person, what finally opened your eyes?
What important news events are currently getting overshadowed?
A YouTube ad for the Epoch Times claims China is purposefully undermining foreign nations by flooding them with fentanyl. What is the hard evidence?
Assume your favourite conspiracy theory is proven unequivocally true, what impact would that have on the world?
Why didn’t Rahm Emanuel run?
Where does all the gunpowder in the Middle East come from?
Why hasn’t World War III happened and will it happen?
What’s a song lyric you’ve heard recently that has really stuck with you?
What is neither over- or under-, but rather spot-on accurately rated?
What in your opinion is the most illegal legal activity?
[serious] How to deal with heartbreak?
In German, someone on a petty powertrip is called a "small lane Hitler". Reddit, what's your small lane Hitler story?
With such bad idea of waiting for a new desinformation like kings &amp; queens going ons, do you think that any cooler stuffs gotta be onlines and how ?
Who has the longest quarantine so far?
What would you do if you were cursed with immortality? Doomed to suffocate in space for all eternity. How would you try and lift the curse?
Russians of reddit, how are you guys taught in school (if you are at all) about Soviet Russia, and communism, Marxism etc.
People of reddit what are some of the best underrated games?
If life was a video game what would it be like?
Those of you sitting on a ton of toilet paper- how's that going?
Hello Please help anything is greatly appreciated https://www.gofundme.com/f/coronavirus-unemployed-need-help?utm_source=customer&amp;utm_medium=copy_link&amp;utm_campaign=p_cf+share-flow-1 God Bless All we will get through this with praying help from each other!! Thank y’all and God Bless All!!!
What are some post titles that look totally normal on completely unrelated subreddits?
Playstation games to play while in quarantine?
What made you cry today?
Go to your music library and hit shuffle. The artist from song number one does a cover of song number 2 using the basic melody/base elements from song number 3. How does it sound?
[Serious] Isis members, what are the reasons of execute people?
[Serious] What is it like eating human flesh
Pizza delivery drivers of reddit: how are people handling the self quarentine?
What was the most gross video that you have seen on YouTube?
If you were the ruler of the world, what you would enforce? And what changes would you make?
For people outside of the US, how is your country reporting what is happening in the US due to COVID-19?
What was the first joke you heard in your life?
Why I can’t post anything on my reddit?
You only have 10 seconds what would you tell your 7 year old self ?
What's a career you always dreamed of but sadly don't have?
What's the thing you wish you had most of the opposite gender?
How do you feel about assassin’s creed?
How would someone go about finding documentation/proof of an engine swap? Can the swapped engine be traced for information such as mileage?
DungeonMasters of Reddit, What are some tips that you can give to someone just getting started DMing?
A YouTube ad for the 'Epoch Times' claims China is purposefully undermining foreign societies by flooding them with fentanyl. Is there hard evidence?
Reddit, what is your favorite not so known Youtube channel?
What's your country's worst translation of an american movie or tv show title?
What is something good that has happened for you during this crazy time?
What big name artist(s) from a genre you avidly listen to, can you just NOT get into? Why?
How do you feel about where you live?
Teachers of Reddit, do you believe students should be allowed to fight back when assaulted at school?
Where can one download all the walking dead seasons in mp4 format or any series in general ?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen on a bus or train ?
Why does every microwave make that annoying sound when the time’s up, when everyone hates it?
Why do feet smell like tortilla chips?
Americans of Reddit! Can you guess how much you have to pay for aspirin in Hungary?
When did you become conscious? When did you become self aware of that consciousness. Did it happen at the same time or not?
What would you tell your 7 year old self ? (You only have 10 seconds)
How to close Planet Fitness membership?
What are your quarantine birthday ideas?
What are things you did while bored that you are actually proud of?
What is the story behind the nickname of you or someone you know?
What irritates you the most while waking up in the morning?
What scp’s do you think are real?
men of reddit, how often do you shave your pubes?
What’s your most wholesome joke?
Who is/was your role model?
Reddit now has a repost counter. Which post is reposted the most?
Appraisers/Realtors of Reddit: How does real estate value actually work? If a person is willing to spend more on the appraisal value of a home, then does that home become worth that value for resale? Does it raise the value of other homes in the community?
How’s your weekend going?
You take over your bestiea body for a week. What do you do? At the end of the week are they in a better or worse situatuon?
How to connect words such as candles and spending behaviour of a student?
What is something interesring you found while cleaning your room, that you had forhotten all about?
Those who were affected by the FYRE Festival, how are you doing?
What food combo sound disgusting but is actually really nice?
What‘d you do if you can’t remember the lyrics of the song that keeps playing in your head?
You are now the super intelligent snail, you and a random person both get 1 million dollars and you both become immortal, however the person dies if you touch them. You always know where they are and your one goal is to touch them. Whats your plan?
Students that started taking online video classes, has anything embarrassing or interesting happened to you that the whole class had witnessed?
If you were transported 40 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
Isis members, what are the reasons of killing people?
What's the scariest thing to happen to you whilst walking on the streets at night?
How do you keep mosquitos from biting you in the night?
What would you as a parent say when your kid takes a gf/bf home for the first time to make it really awkward?
What is the best way to not be bored when you have to stay inside all day?
Lady's of Reddit : What is the strangest thing, that ever went up your pussy?
What is the cheapest and fastest legitimate Bachelor's degree you could attain online?
Have any of you Redditors played Russian roulette?
If it costs more than a penny to produce a penny, why do we keep making them?
If you only had the choice to be reincarnated as Hitler or Stalin which one would you choose?
What thing did you not realise what it was until it was to late?
Unattractive people of reddit, how has the lock down affected your day to day?
What seems gay that guys do but actually isn't?
Educators of Reddit, what is the worst case of helicopter parenting you've ever seen?
People of Reddit, what is on your bucket list?
If science advanced to the point where a fetus could be safely removed from the mother and implanted in a pro-life woman, what excuses would they come up with to justify not doing it?
Redditors who have been laid off/fired from a job, what happened and how are things going for you now?
People of reddit, what is the nicest thing a complete stranger has ever done for you?
What's a saying that is completely false?
If Mythbusters was rated X, what myths would you want to see them bust?
What do you name your favourite Pokemon?
If you could create a universe, what would you put it in and what would it be like?
What are some good songs to listen to?
What memory makes you smile whenever you think about it?
What Mythological Sea Creature do you think actually existed?
What's the dumbest thing you have ever done?
Who is your personal favorite super hero?
what is the greatest roast you have ever said to someone?
What NSFW subreddits are there on Reddit?
Redditors who prefer reading an analog clock to digital, why?
Doing a trivia night on Friday and am currently looking for funny, clever or deceiving tie-breaker questions. What are the best ones you've encountered or can think of?
What catches your eye?
Military parents of Reddit...what are your thoughts on Trump firing the Navy Captain who tried to save the lives of sailors on his ship?
When was the last time you felt like you loved someone and what triggered this emotion?
What are your top 3 anime of all time?
Do you consider yourself a boring person? Why / Why not?
To all the FBI agents out there, what was the worst thing you have seen on the browser of the person you were spying?
What is your advice for your 23 years old self?
why my phone battery is draining soooo fast #iphonexsmas #iphonebattery
Why are we pretending?
(Serious) People that were around someone or were the one that lost a body part what happened and how are they/you now?
People who have survived a murder attempt, what happened and how did you survive?
What is the most painful argument you’ve seen happene?
Most of the world rolled a 1 in 2020. If you know anyone that rolled a 20, what happened to them?
If a fictional character/s was living with you, who would they be and how would you get along?
First Responders of Reddit, what's the one call that made it all worth it for you and, especially in these hard times, keeps you going in your careers?
Whoul you rather be the smartest in the room or the funniest?
What was the moment you thought you're going to die?
When you die, what is the rare+ item that will be included in your loot-drop?
What are some of the most odd, unique, or unusual eating habits you've encountered?
What's the scariest thing to happen to you online?
Hey reddit, what's the weirdest/funniest thing autocorrect caused someone to message you?
Super speed or super strength? Why?
You are being seduced by the last horror character you watched movie with. How well Will it go?
What will happen if you find out that your whole life is a dream in someone else’s mind?
When has hypocrisy hurt you?
Are there any websites that track pneumonia statistics?
What is the best musical 11 o’clock number (penultimate song, generally the showstopper)?
Did you do that assignment!?
What's the worst case of "Children can be crueler than adults" you've ever seen?
At what point do people who wear shoes indoors put them on? Do you do it first thing when they get changed, or just keep them on after they’ve been outside?
People of reddit, what are some bootleg-knockoff games/tv/game titles that are original?
What's the worst MCU movie?
What does someone still owe you money for?
If you increase your TDEE by doing more exercise, however you eat more to compensate, will you observe any benefits?
What is something worth studying?
How common houses surrounded by walls are in North America or Europe?
What’s not supposed to be scary but is?
Can you read my comment?
Essential workers of Reddit, what is the craziest "outfit" you've seen someone wear?
People that sold their virginity, what was your experience like?
What's your weird food habit?
What makes you happy when you sad?
What should you do if someone put their hand on your shoulder and said “good job” at a workplace, and you find it belittling?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life as a middle class citizen or an infamous criminal? And why?
People who meditate, what do you think of when you meditate?
You have to play a worldwide game of hide and seek, if found, you die. Where would you hide?
American redditors. What could the most distinguished cultural characteristic of Americans that gives me the ability to think "Wait. That's not American?"
What is your least favourite thing about Reddit?
Personal Chef's of Reddit, what is the weirdest request/ diet that you had to cook for?
What could “Covfefe” be?
Traders of Reddit, what stocks should one invest in right now?
Can you please explain why the human ego is not the worst aspect of life on Earth?
People that sold virginity, what was your experience?
Do people actually shave their face while they’re in the shower?
Can I sue my parents for giving birth to me?
You suddenly learn you're one of identical triplets, and you've all just moved in together. what happens next?
Everyone, What have you don’t while being stuck at home?
How do I cancel my gym membership during this outbreak?
What is your “super power” for when SHTF?
[serious] What made you realise your job was a mistake?
The exclamation mark stands for volume or strong intention, what should the symbol for irony or sarcasm in writing be?
What are your best roasts?
What conspiracies do you believe in ?
What did “that person” do at your school/work that should have gotten them expelled/fired but didn’t?
What are your best roasts
What’s your best story?
What are your best jokes?
What book/ book series deserve screen adaptations?
Why is your country ACTUALLY the greatest in the world?
Ladies what's your experience with anal?Do you prefer anal or pussy to be fucked?
Why does adam sandler hv to much power?
What confuses you about the universe?
What rule had to be made because of you?
What are some Must join sub-reddits?
What kids tv character scared you as a kid?
If you were able to go back to your 15yr old self. What advice would you give based on your experiences since?
What is the most scathing critique/commentary on someone or something famous that you've ever seen, read or heard about?
What physical or mental disabilities do you have, and how do they affect your day to day life?
What is the Most underated Show?
What has isolation made you appreciate?
دجاج كنتاكي
Whats the worst 'butt dial' thing you have ever done?
What's considered creepy or nice purely depending on if you're ugly or not?
What did your family do that made you want to move out?
Does Answering A Question With Fucking Imbecele Make You Childish?
How does shaking your butt keep you from being a chicken or a duck?
To those who have accidentally, or unknowingly, changed someone's life, what is your story?
What do you do to get your comment karma?
Doctors of Reddit, what would happen if you took sleeping pills, without needing them?
What addictive games would you recommend downloading on android for free or low cost for someone who's not really into gaming?
If a premium version of sheep were to exist, what would be its features?
What motivates you to get out of bed in the morning?
What is the useful language to learn?
People of Reddit that have been on a prison tour (like the ones in 'Beyond Scared Straight') what was your experience and how did it effect you later on in life?
Please explain why the human ego is not the worst, most destructive pandemic disease in human history?
What is something you’ve seen or done that you wish you could experience for the first time again?
For those that have visited the dark web, what are your horror stories?
What’s a better way to word, “party will happen if lock down is lifted.”?
Whats a good way to get to know your tastes for different spirits and distilleries without spending a fortune?
What’s the most stupid/embarrassing thing that you’ve ever done?
What has the internet ruined for you?
What is the most underrated game?
What did people use before toilet paper?
As the economy changed, which careers do you think will see a resurgence in the next 5-10 years and which careers do you think will lose prestige? Why?
What local business are you looking forward to reopening when this is all over?
What was your ‘anime in real life’ moment?
How to slide into someone’s DM’s?
Whats the most destructive lie you've ever been told?
What seems good as a theory but in practice is bad (don’t say communism)?
Which move is the most violated-humanism you never think, but it really happened? And which country, or government in Asia is always doing that?
Years after this whole pandemic is over what do you think the people who lived through this will recall or say about it?
Do you think you were stupid enough to trust such political crap here, and why ?
If there was one thing you have to hold on to for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's the scariest thing you've seen on the regular internet, or dark/deep web?
Redditors who adamantly didn’t want kids but ended up having kids, how’d that turn out for you?
Redditors who have been at a wedding that has been stopped or interrupted (speak now or forever hold your peace etc); how did it happen? Was it super awkward? Was it funny like in movies?
If you could watch one year of your life on video, what year would you want to watch and why?
You lay dying in a hospital bed receiving your last rights. What is something you want the world to know about yourself, good or bad, before departing?
What strange &amp; obscure laws does your town weirdly enforce?
Whats the scariest place/location in your neighbourhood?
Can i get an upvote? It wont let me post on other reddit pages?
What Three Books you would recommend to a twenty year old guy to read Atleast once?
What sub-reddit do you regret stumbling upon?
so i have a 2015 honda civic si unfortunately it’s wrecked but the motor is still good and im getting an old civic ex is an engine swap possible like completely taking everything out of my si and transferring it to the ex?
People who use tiktok, why?
People in relationships where neither person is comfortable killing bugs in the house — how is it going?
Boobs or butts or navel lint?
What is a piece of technology under 100$ that has changed your life?
If you had one superpower,what would it be?
What's an experience you've had with your dog where you knew they understood "we're best friends"?
Reddit. let’s say someone’s spying on your internet isage, what would you search for?
What's the most annoying habit that your parents have, but didnt have the balls to tell them?
What‘s the Most interesting way to kill someone?
What do you think of the name Aya?
What if the aliens are hot?
What's something so disgusting your S/O has done, that you considered breaking up with them on the spot?
What's the correct order in saying Rock, paper, scissors?
What’s that cringe thing you did as a kid?
What are some of the most important movies in cinematic history?
How did you handle being called a islamophobe/racist?
parents of Reddit, what is the most questionable drawing your child has ever drawn?
What's your personal philosophy that you live by?
What was the movie you had constantly on as a kid?
How to attract Russian friends?
What makes alcohol enjoyable for you? [Serious]
If you could create the heaven only for you when you die, what will you add?
What subreddit is equivalent to tiktok pov cringe ?
What do you think are red flags in a friendship?
Which celebrity would you fight to acquire their fortune?
Reddit, whats a job skill you can learn at home?
If you had to show a new visitor to our planet one movie to convince them that Earth is the wrong planet for them, which movie would you make them watch?
What set of items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
Early Childhood Teachers, what has been your most frustrating experience with the parents?
We are living through a historical milestone, what do you think we can do other than self-quarantining to help?
What's the thing you dislike the most about people?
How do you deal with abusive relationships (parents, friends, bf/gf)?
As someone who doesn't enjoy or drink alcohol, I really want to know, what makes it so enjoyable for you? [Serious]
What has 2020 taught you?
What's something you've experienced but could not give advice on how to deal with?
What’s the best home remedy that you know of?
What is, no matter of the context, never ok to joke about?
Out of all the questions asked on this subreddit, which one did you say 'Damn, i should've asked that' ?
What is the next disaster in 2020?
What are some good TEDx or similar videos to watch?
parents of Reddit, what is the most questionable drawing your child has ever drawn?
parents of Reddit, what is the most questionable drawing your child has ever drawn?
parents of Reddit, what is the most questionable drawing your child has ever drawn?
Guys of reddit, when was the last time you’ve been complimented and what was it?
Those of you who have been clinically dead and brought back to life, what did you see? [Serious]
parents of Reddit, what is the most questionable drawing your child has ever drawn??
What’s a happy sounding song for a murder scene?
If you could keep any creature as a pet what would it be?
When was a time that someone said something that automatically put you off from something you really liked for a long time?
After death, you are allowed to choose a book/movie/tv show universe where you will reincarnate for your next life. What do you choose?
If you where in a tv show, what would be your unique saying?
You turn on the news. A national emergency warns the world has been overrun by thousands of SCPs by a major containment breach. What’s your immediate strategy to stay alive ?
What are the differences that you (personal experience, if any) have noticed between people who read books and people who don't?
If Canadians are staying the length of a hockey stick apart and Floridians are staying one alligator apart, what are some other places and the objects they'd use to maintain proper social distancing?
What will $1500 rent monthly get you where you live?
If you could replace one or both of your parents with a fictional character, who would it be and why?
Police officers, state troopers, correctional officers, military police... etc. What are some crazy stories you've had to deal with?
What are people surprised you know about?
What does a seizure feel like?
Killers of reddit(official or illegal),what are your favourite last words youve heard?
What TV show/film should have been a lot more popular than it was?
What makes someone a target for social undermining?
What is your line you will never cross?
Why are people STILL attending church?
An iconic artist/musician/poet/photographer/sportsperson/inventor, etc. you think everyone should know and why?
What is a phrase or saying that people often say that you just really hate?
Those of you who have been clinically dead but brought back to life, what did you see?
The red item nearest to you is shoved up your ass, how bad is the damage?
How would you react if you woke up to see a different cheese/dairy product in the morning at the end of your feet?
If you could travel back in time to the medieval age, what “recent” invention of our times would you introduce to them first and why?
What's the worst question/suggestion that you can ask on the Internet?
What is weird about Germany that Germans don't think is weird?
What is that one interesting idea you had?
What do you think you were doing 5 years ago today?
In the last 3 weeks, what's been your biggest 1st world problem?
A Question of Sport...What is the best and/or most exciting athletics race you've ever seen?
What’s the best description of something, using very few words?
Girlfriends of Reddit. Are you really buying boyfriend bear? How did it go first time?
What's your favourite movie plot twist?
What if someone called your S.O their platonic soulmate? How would you feel?
What older movie is still really scary today?
(Wrong answers only) What happens if Thanos snaps his fingers using the infinity gauntlet?
how to mend a broken heart?
Do you think you were stupid enough to trust such political crap here, and why ?
In 50 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
People who fix up old houses or do work on your own,what is the most insane thing you found hidden in it?
What are some good Coronavirus jokes to lighten up the mood?
Life has now implemented a leveling system. What gets better when you level up everytime?
Where do you see yourself in the near future?
How do suicidal thoughts manifest themselves in people who think in a language other than English?
You wake up. It's May 28, 2016 again. Aside from the initial shock, you notice one key difference in a news story. Harambee is not killed. The timeline has been corrected. What major changes do you expect to see from this point on?
What is weird about Germany that Germans don't realize are weird?
Your ex husband is buried in your septic tank and his missing persons case has just being reopened. What is your next move?
You could be swimming in a pool of whatever you want and you get to keep that thing, what is the pool filled of?
What is the meaning of Life for you ?
Saying "I'm high/drunk af" makes sense, how would you describe being "sober af"?
What are your "welp it's too late for that huh" moments?
Do you like EA?
What good obscure video games, TV shows, movies, books, etc. that are deserved to have more attention?
In a time where we are all experiencing a lot of bad and/or boring days. What is your perfect day?
Why don’t girls have personalities anymore and speak robotic?
At what age did you receive 'the talk' and how did it go?
If you could change something about your country,what would it be?
Reddit what video game are you currently hyped for?
Random dick pic senders, what's your story?
What is your 'wrong place , wrong time' story?
There are 8.07 x 10^67 (that's 8.07 followed by 67 zeros) different permutations of a standard 52 deck of cards. What are some examples you've heard that put this number into perspective?
What was the last thing someone told you to Google?
How can you elevate home cooking to make it more like restaurant quality?
What screws you the most?
How do you pronounce "literally"?
People who over bought food have you had to go back to the store yet why or why not?
What are some good animes to watch before dying?
Who was the weirdest person you met and why was he/she so weird?
What's your favorite type of water?
What did edgy teenage you believe?
Hello language masters out there. How long did it take for you to learn your second language? How long did it take to learn your third language?
What are your ghost stories ?
People who have got their butthole tattooed, what's the aftercare like?
If you could wish to do the perfect impression of anybody, who would it be?
In what case communism sounds good?
What will be the types of commercialism in the future?
What is the weirdest thing your neighbour has ever done or told you?
What's a solution that's worse than the problem?
There is a meme template from Goblin Slayer series, known as "don't make that face". but there is no article in know your meme and the original scene doesn't seem to be in YouTube. anybody knows at least which episode it is?
Whats your favorite water?
When you’re asked ‘tell us an interesting fact about yourself’, what do you usually respond with?
How many kids do you have and how much money do you spend on groceries in a week?
[Serious] What was the most impactful positive thing that your parents did for you when you grew up?
People of reddit who were told their spouses were cheating but didn’t believe it, why didn’t you believe it and what was the aftermath ?
What is a time where you were laughed and mocked for a normal way of doing something/being?
What is the most badass thing that someone ever did in you school?
How many kids do you have and how much money do you spend on groceries in a month?
What was your childhood dream but has been crushed over the years?
What is the best tv series/movie to get into?
[Serious] People of Reddit who had a ONS with someone who experienced sexual trauma in the past, how did you react and how did you manage to get along?
What single purchase has saved you the most time spent on chores/maintenance?
Why do some posts say ‘Edit: Typos’? What’s the purpose of this? Why not just edit the typos out and leave it at that?
What's a thing about your religion that makes it seem unbelievable/fake?
People who are enjoying the quarantine really well, what are the methods?
Is it fucked up that I (21M) flirt with a married mother of two whom I met on the road because she frequents the shows of the artist I work for?
Meaning of Life?
It turns out your most of your life was just a dream. You wake up in your old bed and you are 15 again. What do you change?
What’s more dangerous for a child growing up, extremely submissive and relaxed parents or extremely nosey and strict?
What mistake did you made in your workplace that didn't anger your boss but made them laugh instead ?
How can I protect myself against racism accusations?
How would your life change significantly, if you remove just one person from your life?
What is something that is great yet taken for granted for some reason?
Was there ever a time in your school life where the popular kid lost their popularity after going into the next grade/year?
What was the worst advice you were given, that turned out to be good in the end?!
Why old were you?
What are some of the most elaborate and carefully planned revenge stories that you have heard or you have done yourself?
If pets could be customised, what would you want in a pet?
where does this joke "you are in denial", which is specially seen in star wars parodies come from?
People who have served in the army/military, what was the best or funniest nickname you’ve heard given to someone?
Bad advice, turned good. What was the worst advice you were given, that turned out to be good in the end?! Mine was from an old friend. She said "You're a long time dead" when talking about arguments. It came good, cos when she died I knew she wasn't coming back...
You are to be dropped off somewhere with a month's worth of food and money. It can be wherever you like, as long as the population is less than 20k, and not your hometown. What do you choose and why?
What dating site that doesn’t really work for others worked for you?
What is that weird/interesting moment of your life?
What would be the title of a TV reality show about you?
When you hear this certain song you are catapulted back to a feel good moment you will never forget. What is the song and what is your story?
What’s the biggest mystery, and if an answer was given by God, would shock you?
How can you stand that doesn’t give off a sexual impression?
If you could get one person to say yes to somthing what would it be and who is the person. Lemme start of - I would get my crush to say yes to dating me
What was the first game or the best game your ever played ?
If you discovered a planet, what would you name it?
What are 3 things about you that are rare, unique, perhaps unusual, but super cool anyways?
Do independent musicians now officially have the ball in their court as major labels suffer?
Do you think that, this over protagonism of protectionnism will cease and be deleted and how ?
US vs USA: Which do you use and why?
Hey Reddit, what is genuine love?
How to earn atleast 1$-10$/week just with your smartphone?
What is your most desired thing?
How often do you throw up?
Whats something people should know before traveling? (Post covid)
Seeing that thousands of people are dying around the globe, why would anyone disagree that all debt worldwide owed to China should now be considered paid in full?
Being a human, makes your eyes focus on certain objects (think being able to see berries easily as the give nutrition), when a computer 'looks' at the world it has no agenda, so would see very differently to a human. What things have been found in the 'eyes' of computers that humans ignore?
What is the logic behind turning WiFi off and on from your computer when it's not working?
What are the benefits of dating someone of your own race?
What is the most embarrassing thing alien archeologists will find out about humans ?
What part of your life is a premium?
Who's your daddy and what does he do?
What's your Starebucks name?
What is something you wish to forget, so that you can experience it again for the first time?
What type of tea would you like more among milk or without milk?
Redditors who have been expelled, suspended, or worse; what did you do?
Men of Reddit, who is your celebrity man crush?
What would you do if the world suddenly froze for 30 mins, expect you..... you are not frozen and have the ability to teleport anywhere, what would you do?
What is the age difference between you and your partner?
If you suddenly had a lot of disposable income, what would you buy or do as a hobby?
What is the biggest lie you’ve kept from your significant other?
What things are impossible to eat after brushing teeth?
If you find out that we are indeed, in a matrix- like simulation, but you are the only one who knows, how would you prove it to people?
What will be the first thing you do after quarentine ended?
What thing are impossible to eat after brushing teeth?
What is the biggest lie you’ve kept from your significant other?
What is your most ideal breakfast?
Guys of reddit, when was the last time you were complimented and what was the compliment?
What is the best bro code moment of your life?
Do auditors get to see earnings before the market does? If yes, would this give them an opportunity to act on stocks?
How is Carole Baskin not in jail?
What do you like most about sleep?
Hey Reddit, what's in your favourite sandwich?
Of all the Sci-Fi shows, which does the most realistic job explaining how their spaceships fly unaffected by gravity?
What is your opinion of the US measurement system?
Why color is the up-button ?
"Odor Eaters" is one of the catchiest names for a product ever, to me. What product name do you find catchy?
What on your bucket list do you actually plan on doing in your lifetime?
What is the silliest thing people you know have broken up over?
What’s a fun fact about your favorite movie?
Do you take any vitamin supplements? What do you take?
How can you still be hopeful?
If a world wide social revolution were to happen right now - how would it come about and what would it aim to achieve?
If there were an autobiography of your life made, what would it be called?
You get transported in a video game world with your current inventory. What game do you choose, why, and what items are the most important?
What small and cute creature would be terrifying if it was bigger?
We thought the year 2016 was bad but now it looks like a walk in the park compared to 2020. Why might we look back on 2020 as a better time?
What would you like to apologize, but can't?
Which TV show or Movie describes your life?
If you had 1 opportunity to change anything about your life, what would it be?
If Shakespeare was the Bard, which historical figures were the other DnD classes?
What youtubers are strangely easy to fall asleep to?
What’s the best mash-up of two songs?
We thought the year 2016 was bad, but now it looks like a walk in the park compared to 2020. Will we ever look back on 2020 as a better time?
You get to swap bodies with anyone you know, for one day? Who would you pick and what would you do?
What is your plan in the case of a zombie apocalypse?
Why did Buzz Lightyear know his whole back story but Woody had no clue who he was?
Real Nurses/heath care workers of reddit: what do you think of people who have a nurse fetish and how do you handle that if it comes up during a medical visit?
What's a subtle way of making people do what you want?
With all that’s going on, what changes have you made to your daily routines at home ?
What hobbies are you planning on picking up during self-isolation?
Priests, what are some of the confessions you've listened to?
With the extra time on your hands recently, what valuable skill(s) have you learned?
What are/were you scared of that you don't want admit?
Coffee fiends of reddit, how have you been doing without Starbucks? If you have cut back on drinking coffee how has it changed your daily routine?
Suppose you are bald and still want to color your hair, which hair color would you pick and why?
What bad scene ruined an otherwise good movie?
With all that’s going on, what changes have you made your routines at home?
How to handle false racism accusations?
Which of the phrases you've heard is the dumbest?
How big of an age gap is 18 and 28?
People of Reddit, are you a morning bird or a night owl? How does it affect your life?
What's the worst smell you have experienced?
Other than food and water, what 5 items would you carry with you in the zombie apocalypse?
Why does half of the American population live paycheck to paycheck?
If you were told to memorise an entire book for a billion dollars, which book would it be and why?
If Countries where people, which two of them would you hook up?
How does ash sanitize the hands doctors of reddit can you kindly explain the logic behind that?
Fappers of reddit, how do you know whether you masterbation is an addiction, a coping mechanism or normal?
Former heavy pot users currently in the military: how the fuck did you make the transition? How do you de-stress after a long day/keep yourself sane when you’re bored?
Pets of reddit do you kick your owner out of the room before fucking the pillow?
If you have a lot of problem write down what you were doing bad and what you were doing good, you'll see?
Recruiters of Reddit, do online certifications on an application influencer your hiring decisions ? Why/ why not?
If you died today what’s the most embarrassing thing someone would find in your house?
Parents is Reddit, what are must-see movies for your kids?
People who were raised atheist but later joined a religion, what was it that made you do it?
Which movie sequel do you wish you could erase from history?
People of Reddit who have trouble falling asleep, what do you do that helps you fall asleep faster?
What color will a chameleon look in front of a mirror?
How did you overcome your fear?
Before the quarantine, I used to wipe and wipe non stop, it was like a brown marker in my behind. Now I use 2 sheets of TP and shower. What changes have you made to your routine?
What's marketed as a premium product but is in fact, complete garbage?
If there was an upgradeable version of your roomate/family what will it include?
Redditors, share your cool finds - what’s something you recently learned or found that you think is pretty freaking nifty?
Tell about your last dream.
What’s a movie you wish you could watch for the first time again and why?
What’s a movie you wish you could watch for the first time again and why?
How did you become a mod?
As the personal advisor of president trump, what would you tell him?
What was your worst cooking experience?
what is the most fucked up thing you have seen?
[Serious] In a nice little summary, how is Coronavirus affecting businesses?
Mods of reddit, have you ever banned a mod?
Karma is suddenly reversed. Good things are followed by bad things happening. And the other way around. What do you do in this new world?
What will make handguns and rifles obsolete?
What’s the most money you have ever lost and what’s the story ?
Depressed people of Reddit, what can be to make you happy?
What is your favorite memory from the 90’s?
What have you been caught on camera doing? Or the news?
What’s something $100 or less but is a total game changer? [serious]
When did you SNAP?
Since so many of us normal people don't seem to have good nights of sleep, people who have them,can you reveal your secret to us zombies?
Alright people it's time to ask.. Why?
What will happen if a vampire bites a zombie?
What is your go-to method towards fixing a messed up sleeping pattern?
what’s overpowered in the game of life?
Do you think that, this over protagonism of protectionnism will cease and be deleted and how ?
Why?
You can cast Ryan Reynolds in any movie remake imaginable, what will it be?
What are some amazing tourist destinations that many people don't know about?
Callum Evans is a gay cunt #nohate
In the distant future apps have brain implants. What app would you choose and what is it capable of?
What if the Interviewer throws a glass of water on your face as soon as the interview starts?
It's the third week of your neighbor's eight year old daughter singing the same Adele song very loudly, there's no escape, what do you do, what do you do?
Where was your consciousness before you were born?
People who are easily bored, whats an activity you never get tired of?
Recruiters of Reddit, do online certifications on an application influencer you’re hiring decisions ? Why/ why not?
what is that moment that you thought "yep that guy is stupid" story?
What have you stopped correcting people on?
What did you achieved today ?
What is the best way to ruin a first impression?
Americans of reddit, what exactly is a son of a gun? Who are some famous sons of guns?
What do people do too much of today?
We all know some red flags when to leave a relationship, what are some green flags to show a relationship is going to be good in marriage/ long term?
Which picture comes in your mind when you hear the word 'China' ?
Extroverts of reddit. Do you have any advice on how to be open for the introverts?
[Serious] It's been fifteen years since you were with a girl and you now both have families of your own. You come across their family photos and realize that their fifteen year-old child looks just like you, what do you do with this information?
[Serious] How did u know that your siblings(or other kinsmen) so is/was the one for them?
If we allow same sex bs why don’t we allow necrophilia and pedos; we all hated fags at one time. . . seems fair?!?
What is the story of your first broken heart?
what is a female simp called ?
Vampires and other supernatural people of Reddit, what are you up to these days?
Why would you belong to the elite?
You wake up, it’s 2050, what do you google first?
Recruiters of Reddit, do online certifications influence your recruiting decisions?
What's at the end, or however far you've been, of the never ending "why"?
What's one selfless/right thing that you or someone else did that didn't turn out well?
In light of all the negativity going on, what are some positive things happening in the world right now?
What’s your first memory of finding someone attractive?
My mind goes a million miles a minute. I currently work as a zookeeper but I've always been obsessed with detective work as well. No - not a pet detective. What careers suit someone who can't stop needing change and movement?
In light of all the negativity going on, what are some positive things happening in the world right now?
[Serious] It's been fifteen years since you were with a girl and you now both have families of your own. You come across their failiy photos and realize that their fifteen year-old child looks just like you, what do you do with this information?
Why aren’t hospital staff receiving hazard pay right now?
Couples with a joint Facebook account, why?
Parents of reddit, when did you stop checking your child's notebooks after s/he returned from school?
What children's behavior you can't tolerate at all?
What's the best way to friendzone someone?
Redditors on their 30's (or older): what's something you did when you were younger that stopped once you turned 30?
Anyone that used to develop photos or still do. What was the strangest or funniest photo you developed?
What’s the easiest money you’ve ever made?
What's the biggest "glitch in the matrix" you've experienced?
Story writers, how long it took to finish your story, and why?
If Joe Exotic and others don’t seem to have trouble breeding tigers why are they not bred to increase their numbers in the wild?
What makes you instantly identify a person as an asshole?
You are stuck in a time loop between December 1st, 2019 and current day. How do you inform the world about you know what and the importance of containing it?
What personal insight helped you in life?
Are there any languages where the speakers are in a way censored by its limited dialect?
What's the dumbest "great idea" you had and actually tried out as a kid?
What’s good about the US Education system?
How much does it suck when you personally are the one who has to train a noob on the job?
What is your favorite childhood game that make you feel nostalgic?
What’s the difference between a normal fight with a friend and a red flag that means you should cut them out?
Boys, what's your favorite thing about girls? What is their sexuality?
Why would someone ask this question?
Why do you belong to the elite?
Who are the most popular names/users of Reddit?
What is your favorite food and why?
[Serious] Electrical engineers, Doctors, Scientist and Radiologists What is with all this hoo-ha surrounding 5G? Is it another baseless conspiracy or cause for concern?
What kind of animals would look much better with butt cheeks?
People who experienced Stockholm syndrome how was it ?
Those who have had their homes burglarized or seen someone close to them affected, how did the experience change you/them?
If a contemporary Forrest Gump film were to be made, almost 30 years after the original, what historical events would Forrest either be centrally involved in or loom large over the film?
If you had a superpower that would just massively inconvenience someone, what would it be?
To the people who flushed their dates dinner down the toilet, how did you pull it off?
What's the most fucked up thing you saw?
You are about to be reincarnated after your death, and the screen of your new life asks you a small survey about your experiences in your past life and preferences for your new one. What are some of the questions?
Have you ever astral projected before? If so what/how was it?
You have the ability to become the president of America. What do you do to cause the most destruction without using nuclear weapons?
if im calling someone that is in america and im in israel and we have a 7 hour difference, am i talking to the past and hes talking to the future?
What loot will you drop if someone killed you?
What is the worst mainstream meme we've ever had?
Parents of Reddit, what’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to ur child? And do u regret it?
What basic Grammer have you parents with broken English messed up?
What is permanent and/or changeless in this experience of living?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the weirdest tattoo a customer has asked for, and what is the story behind it?
What cheers you up?
At what Sudden moment did you quit your addiction?
What's the worst thing your Mom caught you doing as a kid?
You have the ability to become the president of America for 1 day. What do you do to cause the most destruction? (No nuclear weapons)
If you could choose to live anywhere in the world, where would it be? Why?
If one thing currently near you suddenly became magic. Which item would it be a what magic powers would it have?
How can you become a better person than you were yesterday? What would you like to change about your 17 y/o past self?
Looking 4 international WhatsApp group for freelancer community , where u can make or take orders ?
What's something people do that turns you on?
When was you riskiest fapping session?
What song have you been listening to a lot lately?
what is your opinion on religion?
People of Reddit who had a near death experience while skydiving. What’s your story?
People who have stepped on a lego, how does it feel?
[Serious] What's your story with addiction?
Gamers of reddit,what are your funny stories while gaming?
When you make a hot drink. Do you stir to the left or to the right?
Given that Reddit is asking people to donate to the WHO: What percentage of Reddit is owned by China?
Do you prefer milk chocolate or dark chocolate?
What is good any the US education system? (As a counter point to this thread [What’s wrong with the US Education System]: (https://old.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/fv9sw8/whats_wrong_with_the_us_education_system/)
What's the smallest number of humans that can reproduce to maintain genetic diversity and bounce back to a semblance of civilization?
What (non-english speaking) country makes the best movies?
Students, when did you have to teach the mentor?
You now have 30 days to accomplish something you never had the time for, what is it you want to accomplish?
Why Reddit doesn't allow image or gif commentary?
What do you really think will happen in April, worst than we've seen so far in 2020 ?
Single people of Reddit, how are you spending time right now at home?
What's your worst experience of someone breaking an unwritten rule?
Who is the worst mainstream celebrity and why?
What do you miss the most about your life before these days ?
Name some old cartoons that you still hold up today?
What can we have that can’t be taken from us?
With all the extra time on your hands, what valuable skill(s) have you learned recently?
What will we start to experience as a society once the stimulus money dries up and more and more people stop being able to pay for necessities?
Milk chocolate or Dark chocolate?
Translators of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve had to translate?
Redditors which eat food in their bathroom, why do you do that?
What's nostalgic for you?
what’s something that u need to hear right now?
Who can describe (in detail) the BEST dream they’ve ever had?
I am looking for international freelancer WhatsApp group where you can make or take orders for freelancing tasks like logo, writing, engineering etc , if you know then drop the link
Australia has rules like "Always check your socks or shoes before putting them on", what are some essential rules for other countries ?
Where is your happy place?
With extra time on your hands, what valuable skill(s) have you learned during lockdown?
Can u get high from licking a toothbrush that has hash residue on it? How high would you get?
what are you wearing?
what's something someone has said to you not meaning to offend you, but that really hurt or offended you, and what did you do/say?
If you could turn back time and still have your memories and knowledge, what will be the first thing you do?
[Serious] Electrical engineers, doctors, scientists and radiologists of reddit what is all the hoo-ha about 5g? Is it as scary as some make out or just another baseless conspiracy? Facts only please
What are some of the coolest, lesser known jobs out there?
Aturito, how much do u hate the Arturito character in money Heist.?
Which day dream are you most proud of ?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
What is the most baffling mystery of all time?
If you could revive one extinct animal from the past. What would it be and why?
What's your favorite song right now ?
Floridians of reddit, what’s your “Florida man” story?
How/When did you know you were in love with your significant other?
What are some super foods/ingredients or recipes that have amazing medical benefits?
Why people are angry ?
What object from your childhood do you still keep to this day?
What’s your favorite word?
If you could upgrade your body, what improvements would you make?
What traditional food do you prepare in an untraditional way?
What would be the first rule for people who wants to visit your country ?
What statistics would you have if you where in a video game?
What’s your reason for being alive?
What old video games are still very playable today?
Redditors who are not indoors right now, what's your problem?
Hey Reddit, What song do you think captures what love feels like?
What was your worst moment of should not said that?
What is the dirtiest public restroom you have ever been in? [Serious]
What is the most outrageous thing you've done to achieve the look you wanted?
What shows had a trash 1st season but a bomb later season?
What was the most awkward moment with your family ?
Girls and guys, how did you discover masturbation?
You were raped by Winnie the Pooh and Tigger the Tiger. How would you seek revenge?
What’s your reason being alive?
You have the attention of every human on the planet, but you can only say one thing. What do you say to cause the more chaos?
How's your life been Man/Gal/Other Gendered Pal?
What's something you learned from yourself ?
People always say "life could be worse" so what are some examples of how it could be worse?
What achievement do you wanna brag about but can't for various reasons?
With the amount of schoolkids now playing online, how has your multiplayer experience been affected?
What are some examples of sudden large scale shocks throughout history that change human behavior?
Whats the most motivating thing someone has said to you?
What's a dead multiplayer game you wish people played again?
What popular song from the 80s or 90s has the most hilariously bad synthesizer or drum machine sounds?
If you count all the things you have ever stolen and sum up the price. How big of a bandit are you?
Dreaming within a dream. What's your story?
What is the most 'rags to riches' story that you personally know of?
How to deal with coworker that talks condescendingly and has threatened with false accusations if reported?
What did Simon say?
The charging port for my wireless earbuds came out when I pulled the charging cable too hard? Is there any way to fix it?
How will you pay rent if this virus lasts another 2 months?
What are some cool hobbies to learn at home?
What is the internet missing?
Americans: where did the stereotype that Britons have bad teeth come from and do you believe it?
Redditors, imagine you have 24 hours to a major emergency that will destroy half of humanity. What will you do to stay alive?
What's the most embarrassing thing you did?
Food delivery drivers: what’s the weirdest experience you’ve had when delivering someone’s food?
Why do children kill ants?
If you could make yourself dream, what would you dream?
If there was one thing about human biology you could change, what would it be?
What's a movie/tv show you really liked that a lot of people didn't like?
[serious] What's the average number of calories people eat on a day to day basis? Not their recommended, but what they actually consume?
What was the funniest/most random thing you or someone else said while talking in sleep?
What something that is physically possible but that will never happen ?
For those of you who haven't been actually asked how you are in a while because of reasons that others may not not. So how are you?
what is a intresting cool or funny video game or movie character that would be terrifying in real life?
Can anyone give me some tips on buying/building a pc that I will mainly use for strategy games such as the Total War series or Mount and Blade ?
What do you want to do in life but don't think you will ever get the chance to do?
How will you know if my social media is being hacked?
How are you doing?
If we lived in a 2D world, what would be different?
Reddit, What prediction of yours came true?
How did you deal with liking someone else while in a relationship?
What is your favourite thread on reddit that is 5 years old or more?
What is the order of name prefixes? If one day for instance a professor would become a lord and later canonised to a saint, what would be the correct order of St., Sir, Prof., Dr. etc. in front of their name?
What’s the best thing you’ve bought on the internet?
What in the world is the Reddit mascot supposed to be, anyway?
Any suggestions on how 2 parents working from home with young kids should set up their day?
Doomsday preppers and owners of actual bunkers and fallout shelters, are you living in them right now? How's it going? Did you leave anything out of your preparation that you're going to change after this is all over?
Are grains and other dried goods sold as animal feed generally fit for human consumption?
Redirectors, imagine you have 24 hours to a major emergency that will destroy half of humanity. What will you do to stay alive?
What is the best you've ever seen that has dissapeared from the internet?
In your mind, what is perfect sex?
What wouldn’t meatloaf do ?
What's a code phrase for "I am gonna take a crap"?
(Serious). What are some examples of former US Presidents blaming others for their failures?
What is your favorite tank, historical or current?
What have you done that you immediately regretted afterwards?
what words should be with MAKE and what words should be with DO: 1. ... badly in an exam. 2. ... business. 3. ... a decision. 4. ... a meal for someone. 5. ... a phone call. 6. ... a project. 7. ... a speech. 8. ... well in an exam. 9. ... your homework ?
People who work in factories that make edible products,What can be the pros or cons of the job?
People who grew up with strict parents, how did they react to your tattoos/piercings/other body modifications?
What are some of the most stupid things you’ve heard?
People of reddit who have seen your parents cry, what happened and how did you feel?
What are some conspiracy theories that you without a doubt believe?
What is really good comfort food?
Dear Redditors, what's your favorite subreddits?
Redditors, what's your dream car?
Will this upcoming hurricane season end the world? Why or why not?
Hi all. Just want to hear your speculations about the current Covid19 situation. How and when do you think this would end.
For anyone that uses offer up/let go/Facebook market place or any other locally selling platforms What's the lowest low-ball you've gotten on an item?
Youre cooking a soup that you started making 2 hours ago, its perfect and is at its hottest stage. It is meant for an important person and will be documented. As youre cooking, you record something and then drop your expensive 1000USD phone into the soup, which is boiling at 100c, 20 minutes left
What technology would be invented in 2030?
Quirky fun ways to celebrate a far away loved ones birthday during quarantine ?!
What do you do if your sleeping and it’s too hot to keep your whole body under the blanket but too cold to stick a leg out?
What did you think about a country that turned out to be a misconception when you actually went there?
What is your “sorry, wrong number!” horror story?
What makes a person special?
Tell me what words should be with MAKE and what words should be with DO: 1. ... badly in an exam. 2. ... business. 3. ... a decision. 4. ... a meal for someone. 5. ... a phone call. 6. ... a project. 7. ... a speech. 8. ... well in an exam. 9. ... your homework. BIG THANKS! I LOVE U
What was your "what was I thinking" moment?
What is the best advise you have ever been given?
Teachers/principals of Reddit, what is the dumbest request a student ever told you?
Would it be possible for people to be happy if other people didn't have it worse, since many people feel better if they compare their circumstances to others who have it worse?
If you are hallucinating and something lethal comes at you and you let it happen, whats next?
What did you promise yourself to do when you will turn 18 but still didn't do ?
Engineers of Reddit, what is the most useless thing you built?
Why worry about masks and not care about gloves?
What are you thankful for you dont have?
(Serious) How do you not feel at fault or feel spiteful against a cheating ex?
[Serious] Anyone who's has a portrayal of the devil in their dream, what happened, what did he look like etc?
People of reddit that have felt consistently good, What's your secret?
What's the best thing that's happened to you?
What's a funny experience you've had involving autocorrect or speech-to-text?
Where do you draw the line between a reference and plagiarism (in creative arts)?
When did you miss all signs that someone was hitting on you?
What are some tips for someone who just started playing guitar? Or some things NOT do do as a beginner?
What was better years ago than now?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
How do you like your ANZAC biscuits, hard or soft?
Why is everyone obsessed with masks and you don't hear jack about gloves?
If an already existing movie were to be turned into a porno, but with the same cast, what movie would you choose?
Anyone know where to get a list of ALL questions asked of the president during his press conferences sorted by reporter?
People who've seen their name being used in a "Don't be a _____" phrase, how did you feel?
What are the best resources for exploring different countries from home and being a virtual tourist?
So, how badly did you screw up your sleep schedule?
If there was a Steven Seagal scale, what would it measure?
What TV show brings you the most joy?
For those of you who found love online, or thought they did, how did it happen?
The pen from SuperWhy gives the user the power to rewrite history. What other powerful objects come from unlikely sources?
parents of reddit, what age was your child when you gave them "the talk"? [serious]
What do you guys think about Indian food?
What water do you like and why?
After watching Trump address the nation on a daily basis, politics aside, how can you believe anything that comes out of his mouth?
If there’s total economic collapse how do we stop the rich from seizing even more wealth and power?
Have you ever dated somebody who you hated/hated you before?
What does having a vagina feel like
Those who drop out of high school and have a degree now. What is your story?
Jusging book by its cover.So what is the most beautiful looking book that you own??
Surgeon Redditors, what’s the saddest thing patients told you before surgery?
Those who drop out of high school and hage a degree. What is your story?
What would you do if your shadow becomes your enemy?
What was your "Fuck it. Just let it happen" moment?
Why do people think watching tv is ok but playing video games are bad?
How long is your screen time on mobile devices?
When you have to choose a song that describes you, which one would it be?
Air marshals of Reddit, what are some suspicious activities aboard the aircraft you've witnessed?
How are yall liking the test run for what a Bernie Sanders presidency would look like so far?
What is the craziest thing a psychic has ever told you?
What is your favorite strange , experimental type of film ?
what are those 0.1 or 1% germs that your detergent/soap cant kill ?
What sentence said today would not make sense 40 years ago?
What's keeping you sane right now?
What's the most creative meme page name you've ever come across that attracted you?
If you had the chance to take down a subreddit which subreddit would it be?
Is there a word for people who think they are smarter than someone else based on their accent and English proficiency?
What is your worst experience with customer support?
What's your cringe occurrence, that you think about before sleeping and be like "omfg why the hell did I do this"?
What your weird hidden talent?
How to ask your mom not to wear a certain clothe?
What is the most vivid dream you can still remember today?
What is something you’ve been roped into doing because you didn’t know how to say no?
If you were a movie director, what would be the title of your movie?
What's something you wish you knew aged 20?
[Serious] What's been your favourite hoax hyped up by opinionated news programmes?
Adults who worried about their future as teenagers, how did things turn out for you?
Who’s better, Danny Devito or Keanu Reeves? Why?
Apart from "comfortably numb" by Pink Floyd, what is another great stay-at-home song?
Have government employees ever been laid off in mass, when and why?
What moral position do you put yourself in?
At the time of the Covid 19, how can we know the correct information from misleading information that is only profitable for its owners.
Hentai artists who've drawn fricked up hentai... What did you draw and what was the reason? And did it ever affected you?
What are some weird thoughts you have?
Can someone pls buy me a Nintendo switch!!!
What movie has the worst most unsatisfying ending?
What is the best programme to make memes on?
What's the closest you've ever come to dying?
How do you stop feeling like a kid a being submissive to other adults?
For those that supplement their income, what legal side hustle do you have going?
What Are Some Weird Facts?
I just listened to "comfortably numb" by Pink Floyd. What is your stay-at-home song?
If you had the world to yourself right now, what would you do?
What channel can Americans watch the Queen's speech on?
People who distanced yourself from your family, what happend?
If a premium version of sex existed, what features would it include, and what is the monthly subscription cost?
What is a way us sleepless Americans can entertain each other while laying in bed?
What will you people do once this crisis ends?
What is your top 10 favorite RPGs and why?
Ex prison inmates of reddit. What surprised you the most about prison ?
Which subreddits used to be good, but got massacred by a flow of newcomers who didn't understand its original purpose, changing what it was?
How's sex different from porn?
What would you do if you had won 1,000,000€?
Who's the most famous person you went to school with?
What is your quarantine song? Mine is Pink Floyd's "comfortably numb".
What are you hoping for?
If you could get one item for free what would it be?
What do you resent most about how the real world works?
Why are you alive?
So what are you guys using for toilet paper these days?
What is the easiest money you have ever made ?
I love tzuyu so much that i will ask anyone out who looks like her. Honestly, i have two ex that look like her. Is it weird of me?
What do you think of yourself? Why?
How are you going to advertise your shortcomings if it was a product?
There's only one letter in the alphabet that doesn't appear in any U.S. state name.Care to guess what it is?
What are some podcasts that talk about Indian films?
What are some things that are awesome hot but disgusting cold? Or vice versa?
What are some of the worst diseases/illnesses out there that not many people know about?
If you were to ask yourself a question, what would it be and what would your answer be?
According to researcher's it would take roughly around 100 days for a zombie apocalypse to wipe out most humans. How are you going to survive within the first 10 days?
When will we go to jupiter?
What's a weird food combo you enjoy despite being, well, weird?
What is an interesting word in any language and why?
What is a good analogy to use when explaining HDMI inputs to your parents?
What are the Coca Cola vs Pepsi's of other industries or things?
What have you discovered about your neighbors since starting to stay home more?
People of Reddit, what is the evilest thing woman did that even devil would not dare to think about?
Back in the 40's and 50's and even before homophobic used to be a crime; Allan Turing for example practically won ww2 and they didn't recognize his work until 2018 because he was "gay . nowadays we see them everwhere and in every Tv show so what do you think had changed?
You wake up at 1:00am on opposite day, what happens next?
What's the worst customer service you've ever received?
NSFW What would you do if girlfriend's dildo was bigger than your penis?
People of Reddit who are married: is there a family member you did not invite? If yes why?
When was the last time you were on a city bus? Where were you headed to?
What's the best deal you ever got from a Garage Sale?
Babies of Reddir, what do you use as a pacifier?
Which celebrities deserve to be more famous than they already are? Which ones don’t deserve the fame they get?
What sport do you wish more people knew about?
What is that one thing if removed from your daily life would really make you mad , say a mobile ?
Expensive Watches Brands in the World | Top 10 | Urdu and Hindi
If you have never been to the USA and you were going to live there forever, which state would you choose and why?
So what conversations did you have with yourself today?
What's one funny thing and one serious thing that binds us?
What modern technology do you still find magical to use?
When did you realize what you thought was normal was definitely not normal?
What was first? The egg or the chicken?
Who will feed all the jobless people during the lock down ?
What's the longest time you've spent without eating anything?
Pick one day in History. The following morning everyone wakes up, remembers what happened, and attempts to go about their day, only to discover, that they are all living the same day again. What day, and what happens next?
How to view post and comment karma separately? Just got some upvotes and the numbers just don't add up.. Can something explain why?
What word in the English language do you hate or find most annoying?
[Serious] What causes a person to be transgender, is it just what they feel or is it something in their brain that doesn't allign with their bodies?
What’s your favorite book or movie and why?
Is it possible I have experienced COVID-19 prior to the pandemic? [Serious]
What is the Relapse story that made you cry?
Why does americans hate trump?
Redditors who were the side piece, how did you find out about it? (Serious)
Has anyone had there bully become your friend, how and why?
What is the longest you have stayed awake at one time?
What if anyone does murdered/rap* they got red marker upon there heads telling everyone they done the crime will it be good?
What are some awkward things you did long ago that you still think about?
For those who have experienced a friend/family member stealing from you, how did you confront the person?
What is your most traumatic sex-ed memory?
How do you feel and reject about this dischords crisis ?
What do you think about just before you go to sleep??
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO KEEP YOURSELF BUSY DURING THIS PANDEMIC?
When has someone's reaction to something bad justified what happened to them?
Why are you such a PU$$¥?
For those who have experienced a friend/family member stealing from you, how did you confront the the person?
How do I view Karma?
What parasitic relationships in our biological world are good to have?
What is a skill or discipline that you'll never be able to understand or learn?
If death was like killing a video game boss enemy, what items would you drop?
what's the most annoying thing a person can do to embarrass you??
How do i put this old and hacked FB account down. I've tried everything on the books but in vein. Does anybody know how to?
Why did you do it?
You need to make someone sick By giving them 2-4 foods, what foods do you use?
What's the best return on your investment you've had when tipping or supporting your favorite camgirls or pornstars with cash?
So, how was your first time?
Would you rather live in South Carolina or North Carolina, and why?
What’s a juicy secret you’ve been told that you have sworn to never tell?
What is a red flag in a friendship ?
[Serious] Which profession would you change to if it paid well?
You now have the ability to make everyone on the planet watch or listen to one thing of your choosing, what do you pick?
If the movie 'Yesterday' happened to you...What songs or band could you remember word for word?
What is the first thing that Americans think about Australians?
[Serious] How do you remove white out from a photograph without damaging the photo?
What is something you really enjoy, but when it requires the slightest effort to acquire, you'll instantly give up from?
What specific statement/response from other people that made you realize "I'm not the only one"?
What are you an enthusiast for that surprisingly doesn't have a subreddit devoted to it?
What is something that happened to you that seemed straight out of a rom com movie?
9pm. 9 minutes. India on fire. What the heck?
What is a little Karen called?
What do you carry in your backpack while traveling?
Why am l suddenly gloomy?
People of Reddit, what are you "in charge of" in your homes? What tasks do you do that nobody else is able (or willing) to do?
Who’s an idol of your’s that few other people also see as an idol?
How many doors can you count visibly in 1 min? Go!
Gangsters of reddit, what small crime lead you to getting into a big mess?
Americans of Reddit, what do you believe the world thinks of you?
What's the worst date you've ever had?
What's something you have practiced for 10000 hours and you're still not good at?
What pleasures you more than nutting?
What is the most romantic non sexual thing that your partner can do for you during quarantine?
"Autobots" implies the existence of "Manualbots". Who are they and what are they like?
Is there a way to know if someone is taking screenshots of your facebook upload photos?
[Serious] What's preventing the US governors from forming purchasing blocks for PPE, etc.? There's no way ME, CT, or VT outbids TX or CA for medical supplies. If the New England states teamed up they should be able to get a group discount on materials and compete in the market.
Is early 20s too late to start over on life from being total loser? How to take a first step?
At what point in your life did you realise there is no turning back?
People who are stuck at home, how have you not gone batshit crazy yet?
What does it feel to invent a meme and you're not famous enough to get the credit?
If life had a membership, what would be the free trial?
Where is the first place you'll go to eat after lockdown, and what will you order?
What scenes shown in romantic movies happen in real life?
What was the coolest thing you have done with just everyday objects?
What makes a "Florida Man"?
If your sibling murdered people and was caught, would you stay by their side, love them, and offer support whenever needed?
What was the coolest shit you ever saw?
All of humanity dies. What species do you think, if any, will become the next dominant species?
What arouses you the most?
what's the worst date you've ever had
Does anyone else get fever during full moon? I've noticed I tend to get insomnia, shivers and fever-like state in such nights. The next morning I feel fine. What may be the cause? Am I a hecking werewolf or what?
How do you think the world would react if someone like Bane took over a city like in The Dark Knight Rises? What would you do?
What the f are thoughts?
How would you feel if the girl/guy you like told you that they'd never date you but is open to FWB?
What's the best thing that has happened so far In 2020?
How come parents' freedom of religion stop where their sons un-circumsied penis begins?
Why do men find “jokes” that degrade women so funny?
There are aliens coming to invade earth. However the leader happens to be starving and kidnaps you to cook something with no recipes in hand. What do you come up with?
You’re stuck in a Groundhog Day style loop. The only way to break out is to do the most atrocious thing you can do; something that will change the way your family and friends look at you for worse. Do you do it or not?
What's the craziest conspiracy theory you've ever heard?
Reddit, did you go to your 10 year reunion for high school? What was it like?
Why do men find “jokes” that degrade women so funny?
You are given 3 million dollars, you have to give 1 million to people you care about in one form or another, another million to give to the world in some way (charity, health care etc), and the rest you can use on whatever. What do you do?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done/seen?
What's that one thing you wish everyone can agree on?
Why does Microsoft have such bad customer service and support?
Do you consider yourself lucky to have pet(s) in your life? Why or why not?
Why everyone in the Internet is so horny?
What/who is your motivation to continue living?Do you feel that Everyday you use your life to its fullest potential?
What is a moment when you realize that something you believed in was wrong?
Has anyone ever stumbled upon their friends on a Porn site? What happened?
When someone jumps off a building how aware do you think they are when they hit the ground?
Non-Binary people of Reddit, how did you discover yourself?
If you were given a chance to edit few options in a social networking site , which would it be and what would you do ?
Did you ever take revenge on your bullies? If yes, then how brutal was it?
What do you need to rant about right now?
What is very illegal but very easy to do ?
Who were the most pussywhiped famous men in history?
[Serious] Can somebody tell me why Covid-19 ISN'T being caused by 5G towers please?
If you could delete any emotion of you're, what would it be and Why?
What is an unusual quote from a religious text other than the bible?
What don’t you like during sex?
What TV series started off great and then went totally down hill?
Have you ever had sex on trampoline and what was it like?
Whats a question you'd love to answer on this thread, but have never seen?
Who is the one person you do or don’t want at your funeral and why??
If you were a body part, which would you be?
what to do when you’re in quarantine without a gaming pc or netflix? cause that’s what i’m living through
If a premium version of sheep were to exist, what features would it include?
What wouldn't you do for $5000 cash right now?
What is a song you initially disliked, but now is one of your favorites?
Why does Brad Pitt look ten years older, how old do you think he looks?
What’s something you can't believe you had to explain to another adult?
You are what you eat. What do you turn into?
Reddit, what’s a thought provoking short story you would recommend?
If you were ever bullied during any part of life, then did you get them back? If yes, then what did you?
You are dating a guy/girl and you being told that he / she is trans, what would you do?
What's a real life cliche that you don't see in movies?
What's the funniest or most interesting Reddit award ever?
Which movie to watch before you die ?
Why do people view pewdiepies subreddit as bad?
What book or story that hasn't been made into a TV series or film, which would make a great series or film and why?
What's a binge-watch worthy channel on Youtube?
[Serious] Is it okay to add rubbing alcohol to mouthwash to help ease a toothache?
What is a figure of speech that you never understood or where it came from?
(Wrong answers only) What do you think her majesty Queen Elisabeth II will address in her rare tv-speech today?
What is a law you would like to implement in society that everyone has to follow?
Is there a "Strategic National Stockpile" for medical supplies (Masks, Ventilators) in Germany? If no, why not?
What is the worst possible way to die?
To the one, who stopped using Gillette after the... incident, did u go back to them?
Which movie you think are worst ever and you will never watch them again ?
In your country, how can you travel without being immediately recognized as a tourist?
Why are so many golden retrievers called Bailey?
What are your favorite smartphone games for when you have time to kill ?
What's the worst thing you could ask siri/alexa in public?
What is your deepest desire?
If you could redesign your Brain entirely, what features would you add and remove?
What moral dilemma in your life has been the most difficult to reach a conclusion to?
What is the greatest lie of all time?
How often do you poop?
How does driving a gigantic truck in a city help you coup with you small penis?
What is the coolest thing you've done/seen for love?
What are the signs that you are wasting your life?
What was that one dream you had that stuck with you throughout your life?
Dear redditor, what broke your heart?
Is there an online rule where I have to ignore if i can hear someone cough or eat etc? Or am I suppose to message them to let them know i can hear them?
What has someone done that you consider absolutely beautiful?
What is the one feature that you would like to Delete from Reddit if you were in charge ?
Replace a movie title with the word NUT?
What is the creepiest thing that happened to you when home alone?
Adventure/Puzzle Gamers of Reddit,what would you say is the best puzzle game of all time?
What useless skill have you become really good at?
What's the best "free" app or website to draw amazing charts / graphs like those in r/dataisbeautiful?
Whats it like being a cop during this epidemic?
What's the funniest scene from a TV show/movie you've ever seen?
How does ist feel to live in New york right now?
A Cheeto. What is it?
(NSFW) Which hand do you use when you flick the bean or stroke the sausage?
How would you feel if the girl/guy you like randomly groped you out of nowhere?
How many friends do you have?
What would you do if a zombie apocalypse were to occur at this stage ?
What color is Kermit?
If you were a werewolf and you accidentally passed the curse onto you girlfriend/ boyfriend, how would you break it to them?
Introverts of reddit how are you enjoying isolation?
Why do the star wars movies,coming from someone who hasn't watched one,seem to very clumsy and difficult to understand?
Are there still people (guys especially) who are not sexually liberal (one night stands, hookups etc.) and reserve sexual practices only for committed relationships?
[Serious] Kids of parents who let you smoke/ drink/ do drugs, how’s life?
Why is it more important not to overhelm the healthcare system than letting people die through starvation?
what is gaming like for non-gamers?
When did you realize your son\daughter's SO was a douche?
In Australia they say 'take him out of the oven, he's cooked' when someone is drunk. What is your local term for when someone has had too much to drink?
If you had everything you wanted in future, what would you have?
How a 95 Mask is better than a Normal Mask to keep protection against Covid-19?
If this continues for a year, how long your savings will last?
What is more american than a giant robot beating communists?
What secret technology you wouldn't be surprised to find out been real if it was revealed to the public?
You're sent back in time to when you were 8 years old with all your current memories. What do you do/say to really freak some people out
What does your significant other do that drives you insane?
What was an ending of a TV show that actually made you cry?
What’s the craziest theory/theories that you have or have heard of for the next 2020 disaster?
Technology in phones and Pc's are getting stagnant and improves just by upgrading performance. What is an innovation or addition that would change the development?
What is the best online streaming service for Movies and TV shows in your opinion?
What is your calling in life?
What is the most creepiest/weird thing you did while sleeping?
What's a secret you've wanted to tell your parent(s) for a long time but couldn't?
What is the origin story you wish you had?
Why does marriage often change couples for the worse, what's the f-ing difference to the relationship they had before?
Where did the delusion that video games are sexist and racist come from?
Whenever someone dies they turn into a potato. How does this impact society?
What's your funny school story?
What's your funny school story?
To people who overthink, what's your coping mechanism?
What do you think of the following idea for a movie: there is a camp called The Camp Where Bad Things Happen and is Known for Tornadoes. and one summer, there is an evil tornado who hides in the bushes and comes out and kills the teenagers who go into the woods to make out?
If someone wants to disappear with their children in a life or death situation what steps can they take to become untraceable?
What’s the correct answer to “Where are we?” or “Where is this relationship going?”
What is the worst thing you have seen on the internet?
What was your most regrettable tattoo?
Aliens have arrived on earth. You have one movie to demonstrate humankind’s artistic ability. What movie do you choose?
What is something your parents did that they thought was small but actually really damaged your relationship with them?
What is the best online streaming service or tv shows and movies?
What has been a positive for you during isolation?
What are some good subreddits to get lost in?
People who regret getting plastic surgery, what was it like realizing that you didn’t like the outcome?
What did you have for dinner last night?
What is a spotify playlist you'd recommend for music made in the last decade or so?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever won?
With all of the negative headlines about our future dominating the news cycle these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you hopeful or optimistic about the future?
Where do you find domeone to translate a chinese text?
Where do you see Television in 10 years from now? Will it be dominated by streaming services or will something completely different happen?
What is your fucking problem?
If NASA decides to launch another Voyager Golden Record into space what music, images, artworks do you think need to be on it to best represent humanity?
Redditors who grew up in the 80's or 90's, what is hands down the worst video game or console from that time that you've played?
What is something you can finally get round to doing due to Quarantine?
People of Reddit, what's the most terrifying thing that has happened to you?
What expensive things become cheaper to buy from a recession?
What's the dumbest most assanine question you've ever seen asked on this subreddit?
Where can I find someone to translate a chinese text?
Apart from WW1 ,WW2 and cold war, which other war had great impact?
Who is the most overrated actress?
How did you figure out you had a fetish ?
If Hell exists, who is for sure in Hell right now?
What crime and why you would forgive if you could, if you are the judge?
How does one become fluent in French?
How would you feel if someone pointed a gun at your head and forced you to do something that turns out to be something you were planning (and wanting) to do anyway?
What will happen if a vampire bites a zombie?
What’s the trick to not caring what other people think about you?
How many continents are there on earth and what are they called?
What makes a man?
What did you learn the hard way?
When dividing 1 by 3 in percentages where does the 0.0∞1% go?
Where was the best place on Earth to be in a given decade?
Doomsday preppers of reddit, what does it feel like to have actually been onto something?
[Serious] What’s your “new normal” look like?
What are some games that died because they became overrated?
Redditors in isolation, what is the one thing you have discovered about the people you’re isolated with that you like/dislike?
What is your family drama situation?
What are the signs that you are wasting your life?
What are some evidences that proofs that the human race is evolving backwards?
What do you do when your Wife dies in childbirth, do u press charges on the baby?
you are stranded on a tropical island and you can only bring 10 items, what do you bring?
Why do some people fear 5G ?
What's your 6th Sense/ Super power?
[serious] Why has the STEM movement become a way for some to perpetuate abelism within the world of work and education?
What's the most suprising name you heard get called out at a fast food/restaurant?
Songwriters of Reddit, what's one of your song's favorite verses?
You have acquired a time traveling device from Sky net. You can go anywhere. Where are you going to go and what do you do when you get there ?
What did you use to daydream about during your classes in high school?
Any advice for people out of an abusive relationship on how to stop feeling constant dread around new potential relationship material?
People who still use Wikipedia articles as their main source for... Well, everything. Why?
People of Reddit what was the cruelest way you got revenge on an abusive family member?
Do you think reality is a cage we're all locked inside?
You have the opportunity to get 3 million bucks however in order to take it, 3 inches of your penis will be taken off. What would you do and why?
What was the first man to milk a cow trying to do?
What is one precious life lesson that you've learnt the hard way?
Who is the most influential person in the world?
What did you learn the heard way?
Why do noses run but feet smell?
What’s the first thing you’re doing after quarantine?
Who if the most influential person in the world?
Replace one word in a movie title with the word "nut" 😂
Trump seems to have a lot of really fanatical followers (he was chosen by god, can do no wrong, etc) and it seems just really weird. Was it like this for the other presidents, if so, in what ways?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the best way to react to someone coming out to you?
humans of reddit, what color is your hair?
How often should a normal weighted person (according to Body Mass Index) exercise?
What do you do or think about when people sing happy birthday to you?
What has isolation made you realise about yourself?
People who've suffered from Munchausen Syndrome or Munchausens by Proxy, what's your story? [Serious]
What good things happened in 2020?
If you could tame one animal, what would it be and why?
What still gets you every time?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve witnessed on public transport?
Why do Nintendo's consoles have Western letters (A B X Y) and not Japanese characters on the buttons?
What have you done that surprised yourself?
What movie you watched had the longest screen time?
Your worst skill you have is now improved to god like levels. What super Power do yoh have now?
Toxic(?) relationships
A cute fluffy affectionate cat comes up to you and meows for pets and affection right now. What is your reaction and why?
Any idea why the divorce rates in most developed countries, such as the US, are higher than divorce rates in developing countries?
Single people of reddit, that want a relationship. What's holding you back?
What are the best names you’ve heard for Benedict Cumberbatch?
What's something you're bad at, but have no intention of improving at?
Why don't planes use 2O2+CH4 as propellant instead of kerosene ?
How bad do you think life is going to be from now on for the US because of all this and economically?
what is a proverb you love in it's original language, but when it's translated to english makes no sense?
What is your favorite beer?
What is the most awkward thing you have done/ seen somebody do, in a public place?
If your wife dies in child birth can you press charges on the baby?
What subreddit defines you?
What are the best corona virus jokes?
If this virus didn’t come in March but December, would things be way more chaotic?
What asshole or mildly annoying behavior that is currently legal would you be fine with it suddenly being a felony or capital offense punishable by death and would receive bipartisan support?
WikiLeaks readers, what document surprised you the most?
What was your most painful injury?
People who speak multiple languages: what language do you think in?
What’s your morning routine?
the year is 1347, the time where the black plague was still around, how do you make sure that you can eradicate the plague while ensuring the least possible deaths?
You won the lottery what do you do with the mony?
What a funny/stupid question?
Introverts,are you bored because of quarantine?
What are you happy about right now?
What if Time Travel does exist and the world we live in now is actually the past?
Girls on their period, when you crave for attention and wanted to be spoiled and taken care of but got no one, what do you do?
What is an illegal thing you've done in all of your life ?
What is your favorite movie quote/line and why?
What would be the features, if premium version of sleep were to be included?
What is your bad experience with a neckbeard/ nice girl?
How do you prepare yourself for something like this?
If time travel were accessible, what everyday products would exist?
Is there any fitness trainer, I want training to achieve my health goals?
What is something positive you have experienced or heard this week?
People from different countries, what stats about the current situation is your government not sharing with the rest of the world ?
How will our civilization die and what will happen after it?
How has COVID changed you?
People of Italy how’s it going over there and how are you holding up?
Why do you watch porn? If you don't, why not?
What are your thoughts on fallout 76?
What is existential crisis to men?
How could teleportation and shape-shifting change the way people go about having sex?
How much love making between cousins actually happens in Alabama?
I’m feeling pretty low right now, can you guys share some happy or good news that has happened to you this week?
I Was at the Cincinnati Zoo when Harambe Died, AMA
Across all genres, in your opinion, who is the greatest artist in the history of music?
Which all the recent stuff that happened each month what do you guys think is gonna happen this month?
What is your oldest memory?
When is even the power of the ancestors not enough?
People who use emojis on Reddit, why?
How did you find out your friend is fake?
What is your darkest secret?
I’m feeling pretty low rn thinking about all the lives lost to COVID, can you guys share some good or happy news that has happened to you with me?
Why is the Middle East so degraded compared to Europe or US?
You invent a candy bar that will turn anyone that eats into cats for an hour. How do you market it ?
Does the new song ''find my way'' by DaBaby sound EXACTLY like ''friends'' by marshmellow and Anne Marie???????
From now on, piss has the same exact value as gold, and cum has the exact same value as platinum. What changes?
Actors of Reddit, what skills have you learnt from your acting career?
Who was the hottest President?
What movie twist blew your mind?
If there was an aspect of your childhood that you could change, what would you change?
Between bojack horseman and Prison Break, which show is the best?
What is one thing that you couldn't make any worse?
If you were to host a wheel of fortune night virtually what would be some funny rule changes and phrases to use?
What are some concerns or opinions you have on 5g network towers?
How much love making within the kinships of the fine sheilas and blokes of the fine state we call Alabama actually happens?
What do you say to brighten someone's day when they're sad?
Wondering what are good dystopian movies or favorite movies about time travel that are good to watch?
From now on, you have to pay 25 cents for every gram of cum you release. What could change about cumming for that to be worth it?
Debt Collectors of Reddit, What is the best excuse/story you’ve heard someone use to get out of paying?
Was the moon landing a hoax? Why or why not?
Fellow people of reddit what is the most memorable experience of your life?
You can convert any fluid into orange juice. What do you do and why?
What was the best you've ever had?
What is the grossest thing about you?
When was the last time you shit your pants?
Travelers of Reddit stranded out of your country, what is your story?
What is a platitude you are so over hearing?
Travelers of Reddit stranded out your country, what is your story?
When the humans will get back to the moon?
Now almost everyone is working from home. What are the most embarrassing stories to come out of this situation?
People who regularly suffer hallucinations; How would you describe it to the ones who never had one?
What's the dumbest thing you've heard a smart person say?
What's the next catastrophe 2020 will give us?
I'm hosting a wheel of fortune night virtually for some friends. What are some funny rule changes and phrases I could use?
How are you celebrating Palm Sunday at home?
When you die what loot would you drop ?
Are there people that you go from hating them to loving them to hating them again periodically? And if so why do you think this happens?
Which harmless prank ended up escalating into something serious?
If we are what we eat, what are you?
If a basic-economy version of sleep were to exist, what features would it exclude?
What animals would be negatively affected by everyone staying home?
When you die what kind of loot would you drop
What is the sexiest thing anyone has ever said to you?
What are some great YouTube channels with under 20k subscribers?
People of reddit how do you usually fall asleep while after taking stimulants?
What skill do you wish you were born with?
What year do you wish you were born in? Why?
Historians on Reddit. The arguments used to plea for the separation of church and state, wouldn't those be valid today when one would say we need a separation of businesses and state?
[Serious] pepole who went to the deep web or dark web what is your horror story?
You get $1,000,000 right now. What changes do you make in your life?
What activity do people think is dangerous, but is actually quite safe?
You are able to listen to one song only for the rest of your life. Which one is it and why?
Which genre of music hasn't been the same?
What's the best kept secret on the Internet?
Those of you who have walked in on someone masturbating or those who were caught in the act, what happened?
What’s the weirdest place where you have eaten your food?
What free online trainings have you found or been granted access to that have helped you in your careers?
What would happen if we turned off all of the world's electricity for a whole day?
Would you tell someone they were in your dream? Why or why not?
What are the chances of essential workers receiving a yearly holiday or special ceremony to honor them for all their work during these tough times?
Why Isn’t There a National Treasure Ride at Disneyland?
Which way does everyone wipe? Between the legs, back-to-front, or around the leg, front-to-back?
What ad blocker do you use on safari?
Blind people of Reddit, how did you read this and how did you type your reaction?
What’s a secret you keep?
What is the creepiest thing that's ever happened to you?
For someone who hates the idea of marriage but might consider having kids, is long term commitment doable? Does it even make sense or exist? Are there people out there who do not want marriage but want a relationship, family, and kids? Will such a person ever find someone like them?
What are some of the most deep thoughts you’ve ever had?
If 2020 was a person, what would they be like?
Researchers of Reddit: what's the worst case of "we can cure this with 'lemon/garlic/drug that patent ended'; make it look as though we need a new drug?
Dear people of reddit when you can’t sleep what do you do to help you fall asleep?
Earth 2 finally gets realsed. What upgraded or new features does it have?
What is some American slang do British and other english speakers not understand?
Who is the most disturbing person you have ever met?
What is the best Home-Date ?
You’re driving 70 Miles per hour. How long does it take to drive 70 miles?
What is your claim to fame?
What is something you want to share but don't know a subreddit to do so?
How to stop being annoying?
What are the 'one off books' you would recommend everyone?
What is the weirdest thing you have done under peer pressure?
[Serious] Who is the most horrible person you have encountered on reddit?
What event would have changed the most the history of humanity if it had taken place in a different way?
To anyone using Twitter Parody Account of a character: How does it feel like doing it?
Retail workers of reddit, with everything that has been going on lately, what has it been like behind the register?
What's something that you should do, but you're just too lazy?
What’s something your reflection in a dream has told you?
Do you think not loving yourself is selfish? Why or why not?
What animal would make a great pet if it would never mature into adulthood?
If you get the same amount of money as your Karma over here on reddit, what would you do with it?
If you could listen to one song before you die, what would it be?
What are some music videos with fun dances to learn while self-isolating?
What are the 5 signs that make it possible to quickly recognize a good person?
When did you first realize that DVDs were no longer popular?
If you aren't on reddit now, what would you be doing?
[serious] What’s the weirdest/ creepiest thing you’ve seen while you were driving?
How are you guys doing?
What song makes you cry the most?
How and why does someone get to the point where they become a terr0rist or some other very violent criminal?
[serious] What are some wholesome words of wisdom that everyone could benefit from hearing right now?
Retail workers of reddit, with all thos covid stuff what has it been like for you at the till?
What are your post-corona predictions?
Your given $10,000,000 to buy anything you want but at the end of 24 hours everything disappears, what do you buy?
People who have been pronounced dead and were revived, what did you see in your brief brush with death if anything?
What will never be the same after this?
What have you been doing for a long time or have always done that became a trend at one point?
Who do you want to tell to go fuck themselves and why?
If life the game had an interchangeable 3rd to 1st person perspectives, What would be the Advantages and Disadvantages?
What is the most messed up thing you saw somebody do?
What does it take to take sex from being just good to mind-blowing and unforgettable?
why does james corden always make fun of himself? ive seen a few skits on his youtube channel and hes always making jokes at his expense or comparing himself to his guests in a negative way, kind of sad really lol
What film/book/etc. is so utterly devoid of happiness, warmth and hope that it'll put you in the mood to go coffin shopping?
Porn star of reddit (female), what part do you prefer get penetrated. The ass or the pussy?
[Serious] How would you feel if stores required all shoppers to cover their nose and mouth with a home-made face covering (such as a t-shirt), scarf, or face mask before they entered the building?
What are the imaginery floating creatures we see in the sky?
What would your ideal space movie consist of?
What do you plan to do when quarentine is over?
What inspired you to use reddit?
If the Griffin family came to our universe and acted just like they always do, what would the outcome be?
(Serious) What is your favorite poem?
What book do you recommend for people who want to laugh (a lot)?
What shit makes you thank God for creating hell?
If you could live forever, what would it be your purpose in life?
What would you ideal space movie consist of?
What do you miss most about the late 90's/early 2000's ?
Cooks of reddit, what are some simple (not many ingredient) recipes an amateur can make?
What is the most underrated video game of all time?
People of Reddit, if you were your ideal selves, what would you be doing with your life?
If you could live forever, what would it be your purpuse in life?
Why do refugees often commit a lot of crime in Europe?
How to overcome freezing or and the feeling of weakness during a fight?
Redditors who have had their parents freak out when you came out, how did it go down?
You are now the official person to name the next global infection. What do you call it?
What was your encounter with the supernatural that made you believe it exists?
If there could only be one weather all year round, what weather would you choose? Why?
Dogs are now able to compete in sports. How would your favorite sport change?
What is your favourite time of the year and why?
You are now in charge of a place called reaven, a place for people who were good but not good enough to go to heaven, what do you give people who go there?
Ok reddit if Danny Phantom were to have some intercourse with Sam from the show and he accidentally lets go inside of her could he make his sperm go ghost and phase out of her?
Police officers of reddit, what is the strangest/scariest thing you’ve seen while *most* people are off the streets?
Which musical artist would play at your funeral and why?
What's the worst thing that have happened to you in a good moment?
The overnight disappearance of which species of organism would have the biggest effect on the world?
What are you thoughts about suic.de rates decreasing, because the victims of it experience a more united feeling etc. to alot more people?
[Serious] When’s a time you had a good friend but stopped hanging around them because of something they did?
Why are we still here?
What instance did you realize that your age was catching up to you ?
Have you ever wanted to make a meal from a cartoon/movie? What was it?
Couples who have been together since childhood. If one person is an adult (e.g. 16 in the UK, 18 in the US) while the other is still a minor, is that period ever weird for you or others?
Redditors. Which actor/actress whose role in a movie perfectly matched his/her personality in real life?
Veterans of Reddit: what's your story?
Who thought that Undertaker vs AJ styles in WM36 was lame and it would have been better if they had a regular no disqualifications match?
What’s your weird food combination?
To all the Private Investigators out there, what's a really fucked up case you've seen?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top 5?
What are your thoughts on guys who have balding spots on their top of their heads. Should the shave their whole hair off or not worry about it?
What are some tricks that are easy and fast to learn that could come on handy at party's (and maybe could cure boredom a bit)?
[Serious] To The Business People Here On Reddit: How's business doing so far?
What's your favorite non-sexual act of intimacy?
What is your dumb/incompetent boss story?
As someone who doesn't dream, I'm curious: what is dreaming like for you?
Redditors. Name one actor/actress whose role in a movie perfectly matched his/her personality in real life.
How are people deemed “ unworthy to save” supposed to live somewhat normally at a time like this? Suggestions to stay sane?
If you could make a one way trip to the time of the dinosaurs, what would you put in your backpack to survive for as long as possible?
People who have been caught in acts of terror (Terrorist attcks and shootings) how did you feel and how did you get out?
what are the worst fucked up subs on reddit?
Redditors,what's a very interesting story from the depths of Reddit?
Its now 2020 and we're waiting for Kayne West to run for president. If he does end up running, what are the chances of him winning?
What one specific moment made you realize your partner was the right person for you?
If you had to play games from only one company, what game company would it be?
What are some tricks that you can learn fast that could come in handy on partys etc (and maybe to cure my boredom a bit)
If a premium version of breathing were to exist, what features would it include?
You are at a family gathering on New Years Eve 2055 and the subject of the 2020s decade are brought up. What were your memories?
Hey Reddit, what's your your favourite song right now?
Have you or would you use Craig’s list, why or why not?
Would you say the saying "once a cheater, always a cheater" is true? Why or why not?
At the very place you're situated right now..what things within your reach you could possibly offer for sex that you believe will be accepted?
I can't stand the feeling of having things more on the left side of my body. I don't think it is levophobia just because I don't fear things to left side I more just get extremely uncomfortable and can't stand the feeling. Does anyone know what illness this is called?
Is it Reddit different or just like another social app like Twiter, Facebook, Instagram, etc. What attracted you to Reddit?
Could anyone post links to humans are space orcs stories? More specifically, I'm looking for stuff where humans flex their predatory instincts and basically show aliens their capabilities. (Dont judge me)
When was the moment you realized you were being used?
What are some great sources of breaking &amp; developing news that can be trusted?
What happened to Craigslist personals?
What’s something that you have had the urge to start recently?
What book should you read RIGHT NOW?
Gamers, what do you get out of choosing the evil/bad dialogue/choices (i.e. blowing up megaton or punching the reporter in mass effect)?
What is your rarest pickup line?
In prison, sagging your pants means you're ready for butt sex. What are other similar things that mean you are ready for sex?
If you could freeze time 3 times a year what would you use them for and why?
Whats the biggest hoax you've ever heard of?
What are your memories of the 1980s?
People who have been bitten by a non venomous spider, what did it feel like? And what was your reaction?
What expensive version of an item seems stupid until you try it?
Any suggestions where one can find free novel eBooks?
Teachers of Reddit, Do you get boners when presenting in class?
Subleasing a house and it expires may 31, considering current events what are my options to try and stay?
Will Kanye West run for president?
Is it reddit really different or just another social app like Twiter, Facebook, Instagram?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What was your favorite childhood toy ?
If you wake up tomorrow and everything is back to normal, what will you do first?
If l were a movie, you would be ma soundtrack. What do you think?
Reddit. Choose a movie. Make one actor a Muppet. The rest are normal. What is the movie and which actor do you make a Muppet?
You are now the person in charge of heck, a place for people who are bad but not bad enough to be sent to hell. what punishments do you include?
[Serious] How would you feel if stores required all shoppers to wear a face mask/covering before they entered the building?
You have the opportunity to babysit your favourite celebrity when they were a child. What's going to happen?
What star/athlete will be remembered most from the last decade?
(Serious) people who were in the mafia and left, what’s your story?
Athletes of reddit, which was your "scored at the las second" moment?
What was your closest experience to death and how has it changed the way you approach life?
What has been the most interesting documentary you've seen in recent days?
If tomorrow you woke up and everything back to normal life, what will you do first?
If you where to have sex with a human animal hybrid, What animal would it be?
If a premium version of high school were to exist, what features would it include?
If you could meet your parents, grandparents etc when they were your age now, what would you do with them/say to them?
If a premium version of middle school were to exist, what features would it include?
(Serious) People of reddit who committed a crime and got away with it: What was it and how do you feel about getting away with it?
If a premium version of elementary school were to exist, what features would it include?
NSFW(Wrong answers only) What's a word that means older woman and younger man sexual relationship?
The date has been changed to 2021. You can add one discipline to these Olympic Games to make it the craziest edition ever. What do you add?
Redditors who live in Oregon, how is it?
Compulsive gamblers, what are you doing to ease your withdrawals?
What are some pieces of art that deeply resonate with you?
Who here hates how there voice sounds on video?
What ever really “blows over”?
People of New York. How is life?
What is the most useless piece of technology you own?
You have the power of invisibility. That includes your clothes. What can you do to cause the most chaos?
What song most reminds you of the person you love the most and why?
[Serious] Can stores require all shoppers to wear a face mask/covering before they enter the building?
What is your video game recommendations?
Does anyone know the song that plays omg the background link and time in the comments)
What has been the best moment of your life?
Men and women of Reddit, what was your favourite activity that you have done as a date?
San Franciscans of Reddit is there a good reason we don't paint the Golden gate bridge gold? I understand why it's called Golden gate bridge but I don't understand why we don't paint it gold or a nice yellow? Why is it "International Orange" ??
How long is a fortnight?
[serious] Is this an accurate representation of how the world reacted during the Black Plague?
If trees were to receive an upgrade, what would it be?
what is your favorite song playlist on YouTube?
What is classy if poor but trashy if rich?
What are some not veterinary jobs with animals (specifically canines and felines)?
Tattoo artists of Reddit has a client ever thanked you for not tattooing them? Why didn’t you do the tattoo?
You wake up and its January 1st, 2020. What are the things you do/not do to get you out of the situation you're in right now?
How to convince your mom to get an iguana, if she hates lizards?
[Serious] How do you justify what you once felt were your biggest regrets?
Pickpockets and swingers are being affected by the lockdown too, who else are we forgetting during this global pandemic?
How will you have improved yourself after isolation?
What is your worst experience with Islam?
What is your favorite RPG of all time?
Athletes of reddit, how was your moment of glory?
What movie did you watch as a kid that, after rewatching as an adult, is completely different from what you remember?
What's the funniest subreddit you've seen in Reddit?
What’s the best customer service you’ve experienced?
What harmless prank ended up escalating into something serious
Do you think ghosts are real,why or why not ?
If Pokemon was an acronym what would it stand for?
What are some universes where Batman gets a happy ending?
Why are you so dumb and stupid?
Is there a gender to a shapeshifter? If yes, then what is it?
What's the songs that got stuck in your head and you couldn't find the name for years?
What thing do you hate most in this world and why?
What are things you should absolutely not do during this time of self isolation?
What scene ruined an entire show for you?
What are some crazy/unbelievable experiences your grandparents have been through?
What will anti-vax people do when the Covid-19 vaccine gets ready to use? Are you all gonna get it or refuse to it.
What was the best relationship advice you ever got?
What is Edward Scissorhands up to right now?
Are you happy with what you've become?
What is your video game recommendations?
What is the best movie about art?
People who gave an award to someone, what was the most crappiest response you got from them?
What is your cringiest or embarrassing hook-up story?
What’s a good dating app?
How do you feel about the ability to edit the title of your post on Reddit?
Survival guide, any good survival guides out there that cover how to purify water, build shelters, make electricity,hunting, life hacks etc...for when things go really bad?
What are some good skills to cultivate or hobbies to develop that can make us our better selves?
How did you buy games online before Steam was a thing?
What is your habit that you can’t shake?
Airsoft players of Reddit, what is the dumbest cheater you've encountered in a game session?
People that are considered ugly how do you get along with it?
Do you have a real purpose for browsing Reddit right now?
Why we chase people who don't want us?
What are some good skills to cultivate or hobbies to develop during the lockdown that can make us our better selves?
ou wake up and you are sitting at a table with God on the opposite end. He tells you “phase one is complete.” What do you say / ask?
What will never be okay?
UK people who had real school houses like in Harry Potter (Hufflepuff etc) what were your houses names, and what were you in?
How did you stop becoming lazy?
What is the most useless piece of techology own?
You got the power to control your teachers/boss instincts. What would you do and why?
What is one object you always misplace in the same spot but always forget where it is?
What's the worst quality that is unique to people of your country?
For whom the bell tolls?
What is that "one song" that really touches you?
What if we forget how to hang out and socialize ??
You wake up and you are sitting at a table with God on the opposite. He tells you “phase one is complete.” What do you say / ask?
What movie would you not recommend?
How often do you use the word "notwithstanding" instead of words like "despite", "nevertheless" and "nonetheless"?
What kind of businesses are going to have the hardest time reopening?
What is your favorite hobby?
If your favourite crisp flavour was the actual food you'd be eating, what would your new favourite flavour be?
What is the worst excuse that you have heard/used to skip work/school?
People of Reddit, what is the reason you are so interested in a certain field of study?
(Wrong answers only) How do you make a table?
Do you guys use Steam or Epic games store to buy your games? Why?
What do teens do in their room?
Those of you who left a big city for a small town, what was your experience?
What atypical thing pisses you off the most?
If you could star in a show (Voice actor or act in said show) Which show would it be, and why?
How Are You Really?
Dear Reddit, what is the best sound in the world?
If your life was a video game what would be some loading screen tips?
What would be the first sentence in your book if you ever authored one?
Have you ever predicted the prediction? And what happened after that?
What would be the most terrifying sleep paralysis demon?
What is one weird smell you love?
What could you say to make everyone on reddit to hate you?
If you could build a house out of any food group, what would it be and how would it look?
If movie theaters don't come back, what will be everyone's last movie they saw in theaters?
What’s your guys favorite survival game?
Why are some people so aggressive/problematic and how you deal with them?
Did you learn any lesson due to Corona?
What is the first thing you do after getting out of bed in the morning?
What's your one in a million story?
Jews of Reddit, why are you so greedy?
What was your biggest “good thing I’m not an asshole” moment?
Ex-cons of reddit, what is your best story of a guard/warden's abuse of power?
Do you drink your tap water? If not, why not?
Women of Reddit, what have you nicknamed each boob?
When will 2020 be over?
Service members of reddit, what was the craziest thing you saw your drill sgt do?
Do you regret making modifications to your body? Piercings, tattoos, surgery, scarification, anything. Why did you do it and what made you regret it?
Ghosting someone means you're an asshole and completely socially inept, why is this still not common sense?
What are your best insults?
What is your most cherished pet-related memory?
Name a song you would like to play during sex and why?
What's the difference between a black metal kid and an emo kid?
(Serious) People with lifestyle fetishes (BDSM, ABDL, etc.), how does it affect your day to day routine?
What are some of your non sexual guilty pleasures?
WHat is one natural wonder, and one man-made must-see place in a state you have visited? What made them so worthwhile to see?
What’s the worst best movie you’ve seen? What’s a movie that you didn’t enjoy but everyone else seemed to?
Redditors who don't live with a partner, are you really not going to have sex for months?
If you’re a guy how do you know another guy likes you?
How did you come up with your pets name?
What's the most awkward social interaction you've had with a total stranger and does it bother you?
For those of you who have done the no contact rule after being broken up with did it work?
Deaf people of reddit, are there any puns in sign language? Like, a play on hand gesture? If so, what are they?
For someone new to Reddit which subs are a good starting point?
There are more people on this subreddit than there are people in Australia. how does that make you feel?
What are your most F*cked up stories about highschool expulsions?
What’s your favorite thing to cook or bake?
Do you believe in vampires werewolves etc.... If or if not why and how can u back that up?
[SERIOUS] Men of Reddit, what's an issue you've been keeping to yourself that you need/want to share with someone?
Explorers/lovers of the paranormal of Reddit, what was your best/worst experience when exploring an abandoned/haunted location?
Redditors who don't live with their partners, are you really not going to get laid if this lockdown continues for months?
What was the last thing you ate?
How did a secret you learned about impact your life negatively?
Weebs of Reddit, what was the first anime/manga that made you cry?
What is the biggest risk you’ve ever taken?
So many people with conspiracy theories. Which ones do you believe and why?
What is something that the world's entire population can agree on?
Guys of Reddit,Whats something girls think is hot that actually isn't hot?
what's your university's plan for grades ?
If putting a finger up the other person's butt was the health test, we'd never touch our faces,, why?
With all the daily death upon us now, is our true focus really where it needs to be...why or why not?
WRPG Vs JRPG, and what is your favorite game from the two of them?
Why communism is not as hated as fascism if it caused more deaths?
What did someone do that made you think they were really smart?
Streamer and stream watchers of reddit, what do you think is good etiquette for the streamer, and what do you think is good etiquette for the chat?
What is the most you’ve ever spent on a six pack of beer?
What's a song that never gets old?
Where are all the elevators with background music, do they even exist?
What are all the small titty girls up to?
What is the best romantic song to dance on with your partner?
If you could turn the cast of one show into muppets which would it be, and would it make it better or worse.
What breaking news you will no longer be surprised to hear?
[SERIOUS] Men of Reddit, what's something on your mind that you need to share with someone?
How true are the high school cliches usually portrayed in books?
Ugly people, how does it feel - being so stupid?
What would cause 1hp damage in real life?
What songs does your shower time playlist consist of?
How h̶a̶r̶d̶ imposible is it to learn C++?
What would the sequel to life look like?
what is the weirdest "that was magic" moments you've ever had?
What is the worst thing you have done when you were angry?
What’s your response to “How’s it goin’?”?
What are you craving right now?
[serious] What do you want your wedding song to be?
What is your greatest true horror story?
I keep reading this high school cliche in books. How true is this in real life?
If the golden rule is "treat others how you'd like to be treated" then what are the silver and bronze rules?
What is an underrated country?
You get to be in a game for 1 week. Everything you collect in the game, tou bring back to real life. What game do you choose, and why?
Reddit, if you could hoard one item without screwing anyone, what would it be?
Should I get an 8BitDo zero, or is it worth it to pay an extra $5 for the 8BitDo lite?
If by any means you could stop the world for a day and it would stop except you. What would you do?
What is the correct number of times to shower in a week?
Looking for a soccer video I remember watching a while ago. I think it was a commercial or something? I remember a drone dropping the soccer ball and the field turned all neon looking.
If all body parts (eyes, ears, nose, fingers, hands, etc) were detachable, what would be the body part that people would lose the most?
(Serious) Mass shooting survivors, how did you make it out alive?
What moment from your life do you wish you can erase from your memory forever?
What are you doing to past the time away?
What is somthing you recently learned?
What's the most rebel thing that you've done in high school?
How ashamed are you of being an American after the 3M incident?
People who have siblings, what’s the dumbest reason you’ve ever got in to a fight with each other?
What free online features should everyone use?
Has there ever been a movie where the hero is more interesting than the villian?
What is your Twitter horror story?
have you ever let your so licked your armpits, if so how did they react?
What has been your best isolation moment and what has been your worst?
What is the happiest day of your life?
If your pet could talk, what do you think would be the first thing they would say to you?
What is one time you realized you were being the toxic one in the relationship?
How's your day been?
If you could teleport anywhere, but only once, how would you make the most out of it?
Need a plot for a short story.
Grandparents of Reddit, what did your Grandparents disapprove of in your youth?
If you could eliminate one mild nuisance from the world, what would it be?
What kind of loot do you think you guys will drop when die?
Have you ever realized you were being the toxic one? Did you stop?
What's something that took you way too long to realize?
You can play golf with 3 people from the past or present. Who are you teeing it up with?
What would be your reaction if you met an alien?
Redditors with Neck/Face/Skull tattoos, who ARE NOT tattoo artists, what’s your job?
There are two tornadoes, one in fromt of you and one behind. You are driving. What do you do?
What is your dentist horror story?
Do elevators with music playing in the background actually exist? Or is it just really rare
if you were Queen Elizabeth II for 10 minutes, what would you do?
What's the most you masturbated in a day?
Twins of Reddit, what did you do to attempt to become the alpha twin?
What's the most you have masturbated in a day
What are some of the best games of all time in your opinion?
To [insert generic audience], [insert generic question] ?
something that happened a while ago but still hurts to think about today?
What are some rewarding jobs that do not include STEM?
Has anyone actually been in an elevator with music playing?
What do you want so much that you can rob a bank for it?
How old will you be in 2014?
What question do you wished you asked, but never did?
What's the first thing you want to do when things go back to normal?
Mad lads of reddit, what’s a drug you have taken that made you say “never again” ?
What cute pet would be disgusting hairless?
What is something too true to believe?
People who have experienced a culture shock, how did you deal with it?
If you could change only one moment of your life, of what you said or did. Wich would it be?
What's something you should never buy in life?
Retail/Hospitality workers: what is something that customers do that makes your job a little bit easier?
What's the most fucked up shit you've ever witnessed?
What's the most disgusting thing you have felt proud about?
Mad lads of reddit, what’s a drug you have taken that made you say “never again”
What link in the comment section in Reddit did you regret clicking?
Did you ever fantasize about performing in your school's talent show, if so what would be your act?
How Have You Benefited From Momentary Pain?
What's the current situation in North Korea?
What are some good subreddits for bad first date experiences?
How do you show off a third nipple?
What is the point of being in a relationship with someone else?
Life is a video game. What do you rate it and what are the pros and cons that led to that decision?
Why are billion owners of the EPL( English Premier League ) getting a free pass in the media whilst the players are being asked to support the "regular" staff with their wages ? Excluding players and the executive class, they can afford to pay the salaries for hundreds of years!
Has anyone made their own ‘Wilson’ yet and if so what is he/she?
Bloods 🛑 or crips 🔵?
Why do some people who answer questions on online shopping websites answer them with a variation of "I don't know, I didn't buy this"?
Yo has anybody seen the cartoon show pucca I felt like some of y’all watched it before or recognized it
In what ways do your worst habits actually benefit you?
What habits have you implemented or broken lately?
What train of thought annoys you more than any other?
What song describes your life right now (without saying the actual title)?
What is the worst advice you've ever received in your life ?
What day were you so excited for that you laid out your entire outfit the night before?
What is the worst advice you've ever received in your life
What was the worst trend in the last decade?
what's that one thing you hate to hear, but deep down you know it's true?
Y’all eat your juice with or without the shell?
When you read comments or posts on reddit, with what kind of voice do you read it?
Drug users. What's something you would have liked to know before you started using drugs?
Do you consider yourself smart if you have made a right decision without clearly thinking about it?
Does someone know how to delete a subreddit?
Y’all eat your juice with or without the shell
If you had to create a song or movie title that describes your life right now, what would it be?
on a scale of 1-10 ... how effortful is it for you to maintain your close friendships? (1 = difficult AF, 10= easy breezy). What is your friendship like with those you do like as person, but find annoying ?
What if Benjamin Buttons had a zipper?
Which pokemon do you think tastes the best and why?
Does someone know how can I delete a subreddit?
If there would be a pill that gives you longevity, what would you be doing that you’re not doing now?
[serious] Why is there a view held that those with dyslexia and dyscalculia are screwed when it comes to searching for jobs?
What is your opinion on FANGIRLS?
Why do some people take up two parking spaces?
Would you want to be famous and rich? Why/why not?
Are there any musicians out there who can instantly play any song without hearing it beforehand?
What question did you think most about the answer?
What’s your favorite movie and what about it makes it so great?
If you had to live in a soap opera universe, what show would you pick?
What do you want to stop doing?
What is the official moral stance on porn ?Is is immortal to watch porn? If not how does one justify it's usage?
At what moment in your life would you most want a specific song to play?
What opening lyric of a song gives you chills?
You are 1 million years old to this day, what's your best story to tell us?
Why do you date your girlfriend as an accessory?
What have you done today that makes you a super goody two-shoes?
What is your favourite life hack ?
What’s a song you can play while falling asleep and at a party?
How can one spend a whole day without any screen?
Be honest — what is your biggest vice?
Hey reddit, what are some fun/creative ways to prank neighbors from a distance during these crazy times?
Why are you for or against tattoos?
How would you explain the current state of the world to someone from 2010?
If you were forced to be brutally honest, what would your tinder bio say?
How do you fix damaged hair?
Reddit, if you had one question for Snoo, what would it be?
what were your biggest movie disapointments of 2019/2020 and why?
[Serious] Have you ever seen a karma whore use someone's death to gain karma? What was the backlash?
People of Reddit, what do you think happens after we die?
What is the best thing to have/be after not having it for a while?
Ideally, how many times per day/week/month would you like to have sex?
What is the grossest thing that has ever been in your mouth?
What stats would you like to see regarding your life after you die?
What's your favorite meal or snack that's weird enough to compete with odd pregnancy cravings?
What’s the best thing to do at IKEA?
What do you luvVV?
How to search for a meme in Reddit?
If you met a sentient android or gynoid (female android), what would you do? What would you say?
People who knew University and/or College wasn't for them but instead, decided to self-learn a skill to work for themselves. Where are you in life now?
How do you deal with the fact that you will work until you are too old to work, spend 8 years infirm, then die, most probably not experiencing any kind of afterlife?
What is your most unforgettable Askreddit thread?
If Reddit removed all rules, what raid would you start?
Your vision is about to be taken from you forever. What is the last thing you look at and why?
Your mom called you and she said she found a b- but was cut off. What would you want her to say?
How many people are actually against same-sex marriage in the world?
What is the meaning of life?
What can we learn about ourselves from the things online?
Pick a number from A-Z, yes or no?
Is it true that anesthesiologist are not needed during the coronavirus crisis?
What is the proper way of eating a banana?
How many post we can post on reddit in one day?
I can't remember which sub it was in but I desperately need it to cheer up a friend. It was a picture of Jeremy Clarkson drinking tea &amp; looking smug. Caption was something like "When someone calls you a c'nt and you're OK because you know you're a c'nt". I"ve tried searching on permutations of "wh
Would you rather fight 100 chicken sized zombies or 10 zombie sized chickens?
Whatever happened to nella miartusova?
Travelers of reddit, what trips were you supposed to take that have been canceled due to the coronavirus?
How does a fear of the dark feel?
You get to make a Mario spin-off game that isn’t a newer version of an already existing one (like Mario Party or Mario Kart). What game do you make?
How did you get to the point where you are now?
Reddit, what would be the strangest way for any one country to end?
What is the quickest way to explain reddit to a complete internet noob?
In what order do you open apps when you get up in the morning?
Alright reddit what’s your favorite song to listen to while you’re sad?
Pour informations, si vous en avez besoin, je peux vous fournir des masques de protection alternatif. https://www.jmw-vpc.com/masque-protection-tissu-3141.html Ces masques sont en tissus et donc réutilisable, ils sont fabriqués en France. Si cela vous intéresse, vous pouvez me contacter par MP.
What's gotta lotta mmmmeat on them bones?
How to search for a Reddit meme?
Why is Islam so Archaic compared to Christianity today?
Did nella and Nessa do a porn scene together?
You get to make a Mario Spin-off game that isn’t a newer version of an already existing one (like Mario Party it Mario Kat). What do you make?
Questions For a Current IT Specialist For My Computer Information Systems Class
What medical condition did you think was either stupid or an excuse until it happened to you?
How different would the current pandemic be if COVID-19 was replaced with a strain of Ebola just as contagious as COVID-19?
How did the grandfather in parent trap figure out that Hallie and Annie switched places?
What do you think about the possibility that god invented science?
What medical condition did you think was an either stupid or an excuse until it happened to you?
What's the current situation in North Korea
What's the absolute worst "I disgust myself" kind of meal you've had?
Weirdos of reddit, what was the weirdest thing you've done in a public place?
What's the most interesting/thought-provoking concept that you've ever come across?
What’s a game that you can’t cheat at?
How does unemployment work in the USA? If its money from the government for being unemployed how can an employer deny it?
How do you spice up missionary sex?
Y’all wanna get weird, how should we?
What do you wish you had right now?
What's y'all's thoughts when it comes to saying thanks for receiving medals?
People who need to whisper or moan words during orgasms. Are you saying stuff in your own Language or did porn made you say stuff in other Languages? Why?
What is one thing that makes a novel perfect for you?
Fellow Redditors: When we get the taste/smell back, what is the first thing you want to enjoy? Have you had this experience before, how did it affect you?
Hey Reddit y’all wanna get weird? Lmk
If a premium version of eating were to exist,what features will it include?
What task seems impossible at the time, but with some effort is achievable?
If the Founding Fathers had dirty parody names, what would they be?
With movie biopics of famous people from the past being commonplace these days, which famous people of our time now do you think will be subject of future biopics?
Why do we care about matching or mis-matched socks?
Alright reddit what’s your favorite song to listen to when your sad
What's a movie that is so bad, it's hilariously good to watch?
What's that one blink 182 song that goes did you hear you f##ker?
What do you wish your SO would talk to you about?
What has been your biggest regret of 2020 so far?
What's the worst possible scenario for an accident you can imagine happening in your home?
We will likely see people looting the shops soon due to lack of money to buy food. Where do you think it will happen in your country?
What is something that is considered "okay" when an adult does it, but "terrible" when a younger person does it?
People of reddit, what motto do you live by?
What are some problems/prejudices/issues men face that are never mentioned in mainstream media?
What have you learned that you didn't know yesterday?
Is it the time to move out of the United States?
Americans: Would you accept a lower standard of teaching and support (like in Europe) if university was free?
Deaf people of reddit, in which language do you think?
What if every human dissapeared at the same time, and you were the last person on the planet keep in mind that every thing else on the planet would remain the same. What would you do? How would you live your life?
What will the Gypsies or the Romani throughout Europe get by that tourism is practically nonexistent for the time being?
What is a wierd skill you have, that you think most people don't?
Professionals of reddit, what are the most common mistakes in your profession?
What's that one blink 182 song that goes "did you hear you f$$k
What is something big in your life that you gave up for your SO that you don’t regret?
In what ways did the recent pandemic improve actually help the environment?
What do you find to be the biggest inconvenience or problem of remote/online learning?
Should I drink water that smells like socks?
What are your best "I hate it when..." stories?
What's your favorite urban legend?
What will come first, the heat death of the universe or Minecraft's cave update?
What are your favorite activities when high?
What would the impact be today if Columbus did actually make it to India on his first voyage?
How badly are we in an alternate reality if faxes don't matter no more?
What is the most useful skill you have?
What’s The Best Way To Spend A Rainy Afternoon?
What made you delete Social Media?
You're on the news in your underwear. How did you get here?
Your best "I hate it when..." stories?
Girls that like briefs on a man- what do you find more attractive or alluring about briefs?
Reddit, apart from seasonings, spices, flours, and dairy (inculding eggs), what are the ten ingredients that you must have on you to survive?
Choose any movie or TV series and replace the lead actor with Joe from Tiger King. How does this change the plot?
What do you think will change in our daily lives once these all blows over?
When will all those who have damned others and themselves have their souls devoured and ravaged by the fiendish minions of Steve?
What do you think will come first, the apocalypse or the nether update for minecraft?
Your best "I hate it when..." story
You can dream for something humanity has nothing to offer. What would it be?
People working in grocery stores/retail/food service, what is your preferred way for me, a regular person, to find food during the pandemic?
What's a good way to say you don't like yourself subtly?
Can you name of known or unknown people, both male and female, who have achieved body perfection?
Who are you jealous of?
What is a common misconception that your country has about the English language?
What song comes to mind when someone mentions a Spanish guitar?
What song would you like to be played when you die ?
Birthday in quarantine, how can I be creative to celebrate it?
What song brings back bittersweet memories for you and why?
Men of reddit, what kind of things do you argue about with your friends?
People who have supported a particular political party their whole life and then switched, what was the deciding momentum for you?
Do you have any friends that you are close to, but they rarely/minimally ever annoy you? If so, what is the friendship like?
What’s a piece of media that scared you as a kid, but is objectively not actually frightening?
What's The Answer To The Question You've Always Wanted To Get Asked?
If pangaea was a whole country what would it be like?
Choose any movie or series, replace the lead actor with Joe from the tiger show. How does this change the plot of the story?
At what time does your dog wake up ?
There are few things in this world which are simple yet uplift our mood. Everyone is different and everyone has their own interests. What is the activity or memory which makes you happy?
Gamers of Reddit, you were given the chance to make one change to a game of your liking to make it better. What game do you choose and what change will you make?
People who knew celebrities before they were famous, what were they like and how did they change?
DVD killed VHS in about five years, why do you suppose DVD hasn't been killed yet for so long?
What was your best cartoonish situation you have even been in?
What have you only recently discovered that you can't live without?
Why don’t men wear hijabs when it says in Hadith that both genders wore it?
You become a salad, what's your next move?
It would appear that briefs are making a comeback. I'm seeing them marketed more frequently these days. What are guys thoughts on this? Girls- is this a trend you would like to see return? Are there any girls out there that actually think briefs are hot and better than boxer briefs?
Fellow high school seniors of reddit, how are you coping with having all the things you were looking forward to being taken away?
What extraordinary talents do you have?
What was the worst anxiety/panic attack you ever had?
What is something you can say about your car but not your wife?
What should you be doing right now, instead of browsing reddit?
The world has descended into apocalypse and you suddenly find yourself in possession of the last roll of toilet paper. Who do you give it to, and what do you ask for the exchange?
Which roles have received the worst casting choices in film?
What TIL story is so amazing it's BEGGING to be made into a feature film?
What is great about Poland?
She cooked tea without sugar... How do you rewrite the sentence starting with, Sugar?
What was your “happiest moment of life” experience ?
There can only be one thing different. What will happen if we discover an other earth which is almost exacty the same in our solar system?
What is something that you do for fun that you never get tired of it?
Teachers on reddit: What was the best gift you've ever gotten from a parent?
What’s a concept for a movie/tv show that’s really overdone? Or what’s one that you feel like hasn’t been done enough?
What is the only thing that looks good on you?
[serious] How much would you have to pay for solitude in Massachusetts?
What would dogs be devastated to know about the human world?
What do you think would permanently change in our daily lives once the pandemic is over?
Medical staff of Reddit, what type of memorial would you like to see for medical workers who have given their lives to fight for the survival of humankind?
Dearest Redditors, what makes life worth it?
Are briefs making a comeback? Guys and gals- your thoughts please?
Is there any animal quite so cool as a platypus?
What is it like marrying a person from an another religion ?
If you tell someone you are bored, depending on the person, what would the other person reply with?
How does unemployment work in the USA? I thought its money from the government if you don't have a job but I'm seeing a lot of posts saying that employers are denying it or trying to.
How reminiscent is it listening to early Eminem?
How would you describe the year 2020 so far to someone who woke up from a coma today?
What is something you can buy over the internet to make extended stays at home more enjoyable?
What is the smallest change you could make that would have the biggest effect on your life?
What was the last song you sang along to?
How do you spend your sleepless nights?
People who bought Reddit awards, why?
What’s your favorite tv show and how can you ruin it with one small change?
What song always makes you happy?
What's something that you can make sound like clickbait?
Why do you cum,everywhere?
What movies would be better without one specific character and why?
How good is Skyrim?
[serious] redditors who grew up with a parent involved in organized crime, what was your life like?
[serious] Are we in the early stages of Agenda 21?
Have you ever made a situation much worse during your effort to make it better? What's your story?
What subreddits do the conversations get the most heated?
What did you take for granted and didn’t realize it until this nightmare that we’re dealing with all happened?
What is oddly relaxing?
If you could only eat one meal for the remainder of your life, what would it be and why?
If you can hide from your country’s government for a day , you get 1 million dollars. Where do you hide?
What is the best bang-for-your-buck object you've ever come across?
The op is feeling hollow inside.What is one thing that you do yo kerp yourself occupied and thus are able to live in denial?
What has been you been your favorite thing to do in quarantine?
Why did ihop get rid of their fried chicken?
Teachers of Reddit, what is one of the funniest/weirdest emails you have seen from your student?
how has volunteering changed your life?
We needs a ridditors so where are theys?
Where are all the cool redditorses?
What makes you cringe af?
Was there a situation where having long nails saved your life? What's your story?
Middle/high schoolers what is your quarantine routine (asking for a school project) include midnight stuff too?
[Serious] what’s the whole deal with the 5G towers?
What items have surfaces you would like to be antibacterial?
[Serious] Adults of Reddit, How much does money actually matter in life?
Do people play Reddit like golf, as in try for the most negitive Karma?
What are ways you can help a female friend through a breakup?
What is the longest amount of time you have stayed up?
What is your biggest lie ever?
How long is your hair? Give the best description possible.
When do you think a cure for Covid will be created? If at all?
Redditors, what is the happiest/most precious memory you have?
Dear Reddit, what have you done that your partner doesn’t know?
Why can't we build flappy wings like birds for humans to fly around?
What's something weird that would be considered strange in your state/country but not in Florida?
People who work in service sector, what was the moment when that asshole customer got what he deserved?
What are great ways to make money online in a third world country in Africa like Zimbabwe,not crazy rich money even $10 a day for a start?
What is something you learned about one of your parents pasts that surprised you?
What's the weirdest fact that you know about the human body?
What is something you learned about either of your parents pasts that surprised you.
What is the difference between magic and miracles?
You discovered a useless incredible machine, what can of can't it do?
Best activities while high?
workers of OG, do you hate when people ask for excessive cheese on their food?
What is your biggest problem with video games?
To all those who use toilet paper, Why?
What is the one thing about where you live, that everyone else is missing out on?
Did the Simpsons predict the Covid-19 virus?
What are some non-obvious signs that a person is overly sensitive?
[Serious] What keeps you up at night?
If you were an immortal leader of the US from 1776 to present how would you run the country?
Living in the USA, where would one be able to buy Japanese snacks/drinks/coffee/food online, aside from themed snack boxes?
What's the best thing you have learned during quarantine so far?
What did you learn about one of your parents pasts that surprised you?
Why can’t you sleep?
Bored Italian guy here, what would you like to ask?
Parents, do you consider yourself a tiger parent? Would your children agree or disagree? Why?
What is a way for a man to make money similar to how a woman can make money on websites like ‘OnlyFans.com’?
How would the age of the universe be affected if expansion wasn't at an accelerated rate?
What was your scariest nightmare about?
You have 10 minutes to get CIA's attention on reddit, what will you post or comment?
Dear Redditors, Why did you download this app/open the website?
According to our tastes in entertainment and leisure, it seems like most people would be happier in a pre-industrial lifestyle where they have to fight for survival with a small community. What are your thoughts on this?
What are people’s views on the new ffvii remake?
It's 2020 and has anyone see a ghost? What's the story?
What are some songs for completely inappropriate circumstances?
[Serious] Why is it sometimes hard to breathe during the day but no problem when you first wake up?
Do you like fishing? What's your biggest trophy?
Personally, what makes you feel nostalgic?
What’s the trick to not caring what other people think about you?
Investigators of this subreddit, what scary cases keep you up at night?
What does karma mean in reddit and if someone wants to upload any content how kuch karma will be required if that person wants to do so?
People that get the sudden realization that "we're going to die some day", how do you cope?
What's the weirdest school mascot you've heard of or seen?
How would you change history in the most significant way?
Hey Reddit, At some point in your life you must have had or has an imaginary friend. What did you name that person and how's your relationship?
What songs do you recon are overrated?
Why you don like your work?
What is your Reddit detective story?
Where are the guys who used to pretend to be people but are actually robots and the bird people that used to be here on reddit?
A polygamist is on the run for the crime of mass sororicide. What nickname would the press and police give this killer?
now that your in isolation with your loved one, how much do you appreciate them more or less?
Non USA citizens, what are the news saying about us in the USA?
What advice would you give your 16 year old self?
You get 1M if you can think of in ice cream flavor no one would expect to like. What is your flavor?
What song do you recently keep on repeat?
Where could one find an online course that teaches about the unimportance of wealth?
What random fun fact / shower thought will you never forget?
Is it possible for inanimate pieces of fruit to migrate, under the right circumstances? Why or why not?
How could you change history in the most significant way (?)
Who is you're leaste favourit overwatch character?
What is your favourite productive hobby that requires little to no money?
How many women out there would enjoy cuckolding their husband/BF, etc? How crazy would you get with it?
People who lick each finger with a loud smack while eating. Why?
What aspect of aging did you think was BS until you experienced it?
What would you do if you have a million of people?
How are you staying positive in light of current circumstances?
[Serious] My dad is a dick
What would you say is the most embarrassing way a human can realistically die?
When is the last time you felt truly happy?
What has been the most important lesson the past couple (or more) weeks have taught you while in isolation?
How come farts change bathwater flavor?
People who never want to marry or have kids, why?
Redditors, Which actor's mannerisms do you often copy and emulate in real life?
People of reddit, what is the most perplexing thing you’ve ever seen in your life?
How do you get over a breakup when completely isolated?
[Serious] Have you ever come in contact with a person who's faked their death or 'disappeared'?
What would be suspicious to be in small quantities but not in large quantities?
What is something you're disgusted of as soon as you think about it?
What Is The Absolute Best Question To Ask?
Humans of Reddit, why do you reply to posts that are not targeted at you?
If you could text your dog or cat, what would you text him/her?
What was the most surreal experience in your life?
What was one weird thing that has happened to you that can't explain?
if you had a yutube channel what would it be?
Readers of reddit: Whats your favorite book and its genre?
If you had the power to open a 1x1 inch wormhole/portal (in one dimension, like Portal) with your mind what would you do to cause the most chaos?
People who don’t like dogs, do you have any idea what you’re missing?
Hello Reddit, what is the strangest thing you do when you're alone just because you know no one's watching?
Whats the difference between an anecdote and a story?
What is your favourite hobby that requires little to no money?
What Is The Best Thing That Happened To You During The Past Week?
Day dreamers...(lottery winners edition). What are the first things you imagine doing after winning the big pot?
folks from South Africa heard trumpet like sounds at around 3am and there was orange fog. other countries?
What are some new masturbation techniques you have learnt and would like to share?
What shouldn't be allowed in any version of politics?
Given the situation with recent unemployment, and job environment changes, what are some employee benefits, protections or safety nets you would like to have from employers once things go back to normal?
What boggles your mind?
Parents of Reddit, what has your child done that you're infinitely proud of?
Reddditors who have seen the Milky Way or other miraculous wonders in the sky, where did you see them and what was it like?
If you could ask your pet 3 questions, what would they be?
People growing up in a dysfunctional home, how did you unf*ck your lives upon growing up?
What is your Reddit “omg, how did I get so many upvotes” story?
What shouldn't under any circumstances be allowed in any version of politics?
Do You Drink Coffee Or Tea?
What is the most coincidental thing that happened that you couldn't believe it was actually a coincidence?
Long time married Redditors, what parts of modern dating confuse you the most?
Upstanding people of Reddit, if you were granted the permission to add a single rule to anywhere in the world, what would it be?
What is the evilest thing you have done or you have witnessed?
Restaurant staff/Ex-restaurant staff of reddit, what was the weirdest thing that happened in your restaurant (Arguments, orders, etc)?
What's the most common example of stupidity you experience on reddit?
What loot will you drop when you die?
What’s are some cool body hacks?
Restaurant staff of reddit, what was the weirdest thing that happened in your restaurant (Arguments, orders, etc)?
According to multiple sources, Finland has the best education system in the world. But, even it has some drawbacks. What can Finland's education system do to make it even better?
Whats the main purpose of "Fluff"? why does it exist?
How does nostalgia make you feel?
Willy Wonka offers to create a new kind of candy/sweets related thing, whatever you can imagine, in exchange for saving his life. What do you ask him to create?
would you find it wrong for someone to take their life just to do it, like "I check out", just because you have the ability to.
What is the worst sickness you've ever had and what was it like?
How to get rid of stuttering?
Considering brick and mortar businesses have been losing income to online sales. Do you think brick and mortar stores will change their business model once the pandemic is over? (Such as continuing with reduced hours or workforce)
What is the main purpose of *fluff*? (new to reddit)
What self improvement tip has helped you the most in life?
People of reddit what is the most nsfw thing you have walked in on?
When was the last time you tried to do something to look cool but it ended in embarrassment?
What’s something weird af you enjoy doing?
What are some good shows on Crave that isn’t GOT, WestWorld, or Killing Eve?
For the boys who have asked out a girl to hoco/prom and she said no. What was the feeling like and how did you go upon asking her?
For extroverts, trapped in isolation, how is your social life going for you?
What is that one oath to yourself that you will never break no matter what happens?
What is it that you have and want to share but if you share it then you cant have it?
Ladies of Reddit, what did your SO do that made you cry happy tears?
Cabaret performers of reddit: what is your stage name/why did you choose it?
What are the best mindtwisting movies?
How to get rid of stuttering
What’s the best movie that no one else seems to know about?
You have the opportunity to change or get rid of one social norm. What are you changing?
What’s the coolest thing you’ve learned from YouTube?
What are some things that can be said to depressed friends that will cheer them up?
What's the scariest thing you have seen or heard late at night?
Why are you tired?
Random question...Do you think Barron Trump will grow up and be a good person? What do you think his thoughts are about his father?
How does your countries’ media depict the USA?
What TV character does your child/ren emulate? Who and how?
Say suddenly, you got a million dollars. What would you do with that million dollars?
What is the most underrated thing ever?
People who received an unexpected inheritance, what did you do with it?
Who would you say is more successfull cristiano ronaldo or eminem?
There's no better feeling than ....what?
People are (wrongly) avoiding eating at Asian restaurants. What's your take on eating raw sushi?
How do you fix a messed up sleep schedule?
For extroverts, trapped in isolation, how is your social life it going for you?
If someone were to ask you for a recommendation for a book/movie/series, what would be your first answer?
Which Movie make u "Cry Like A Baby" ?
Why does redditors do reddit hook up?
What is the new American dream in your opinion?
Some historical figures have epithets attached to their names, like The Mad or The Wise. What would you like yours to be?
What do you think when you masturbate?
Doctors of Reddit, how should you study in med school?
What's your boarding school horror story?
Does anyone know of ways to help my female friend through a break up.
Why doesn’t anyone like playing board games?
If you could go back and relive one day in your life without changing anything about it, which day would you revisit?
How would life be different without laws?
Why isn’t all information such as books free to access (no signup or payment)?
Do bald people use shampoo or just stick with regular soap?
Why isn't the rapist Marilyn Manson rotting in prison?
Which celebrities do you think are kinky, and what do you think their kinks are?
If you’re in the states, what are you doing up right now?
People with no chins, how do you fold towels?
Which movie you Love to watch again and again ?
What’s weird to buy in small quantities but not to buy in large quantities?
Why can't adults under 65 yrs old get the Pneumonia vaccine?
Are there any Russians who do Reddit? If so, why do you like Reddit?
What is the best "oh crap, I didn't see that coming" joke?
Fellow humans of Reddit, why do you enjoy engaging in normal human activities, such as walking or dancing?
If a premium version of human were to exist,what characteristics would include?
What is your favourite literary work/scientific article?
How do you force the instacart guy to go get your groceries?
Married pepo, when was the moment you knew you found the one?
What's the most unusual and/or amazing skill you have?
What is your biggest "it's not what it looks like" moment?
How many birthdays are there....365 or 7 billion?
When have you "glitched" in life?
What movie scene pops into your head when you hear a strange noise in the middle of the night?
Dear redditors, what/when was the best hug you've ever had?
Which Movie you can watch again and again ?
What is the most NSFW thing you have done?
Reddit. Have you ever unknowingly left a store without paying for an item? What was it? Did you return to the store to pay for it?
Reddit if you know you were going to die what would you die in your final weeks?
Humans of Reddit who sleep, how do you compare your sleep habits now and before?
Redditors, what is the worst scenario you could imagine of this year’s crisis?
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what is the creepiest/scariest experience you've had during a delivery?
What would you say if you were late for a party / date?
What is the male equivalent of 'Big tiddy goth girlfriend'?
What's the weirdest fact that you know about the human body?
Why is no one talking about sanitizing their phones?
What are some recommendations for square dancing music with the calls to listen to for fun?
What if everytime you blinked your mind took a picture, and at the end of your life you see all your pictures. What would that be like for you?
What are some good examples of Mandela Effect experienced by you or your friends/family?
People who were involved in terrible movies (whether you were behind the scenes or acting in it), did you know the movie would turn out as bad as it did while you were making it? What went wrong?
Parents on reddit: now that you have to do homeschooling, how much more appreciation do you have for teachers at your kid's' school?
What’s the best dumbest thing you’ve ever said?
[SERIOUS] I'm 13 years old. Today my mom talked to me, that she is tired of our dog, and she will put it down in a week. But I love this dog more than anyone and anything in this world. What should I do?
What is the most random thought that came across your mind?
Which sort of people browse /r/whitepeopletwitter?
What’s the beer dumbest thing you’ve said?
What’s The Best Comedy Movie You’ve Ever Seen?
What's your favorite version of Grand Theft Auto (videogame)?
What are some good books that have superpowers included? Not much of a cliche person.
What is the most random thought that came across your mind?
What was the funniest way you first met a friend?
What is it that has keys but can’t unlock doors?
What is something shouldn’t work but in practice it does?
why doesnt the left care about keeping our doctors and nurses safe in these difficult times?
people who realized the their SO was an idiot, what happened?
In your isolation, in what ways have you learned to appreciate those who loves you more then you did before?
What animal looks the funniest while mating?
WhAt does a legitimate Reddit account look like?
What are some of your ideas to kill boredom?
In your isolation, in what ways have you learned to participate those who loves you more then you did before?
what are some clever playstation gamertags without dashes or underscores?
What is the most recent compliment you've received?
Police of Reddit, what have your days been like with the stay-at-home orders? Less crime? Any good stories?
What is the Funniest movie you watched that made you laughed so much that you peed ?
What was the most paranormal experience you had?
What's your favorite quote from The Office?
Girls, what makes your heart sing?
what are some playstation 4 gamertag ideas without dashes and underscores
What’s your new way of dating during shelter in place?
Assuming you’re physically able, what are some opinions/thoughts on sucking your own dick?
Police of Reddit, what have your days been like with stay-at-home orders? I assume less crime right? Any good stories?
YouTubers of Reddit, What made you make a youtube channel and send me a link of one of your videos.
Which feelings or experiences can’t be adequately explained with using words?
What's your favorite food (that's NOT french fries or tator tots) to pour gallons and gallons of ketchup on?
If your life was a movie, what would be its title and who would you cast in it?
What business that currently isn't an essential business SHOULD be an essential business as of now?
What is something unusual that you put in Coffee?
How do you guys feel like microtransactions on video games should be handled?
What are your 3 best video game of all time?
What is some good music to listen while on acid?
Say you’re a terr0rist and your goal is to try and stop technological progress and surveillance (sort of like the unabomber). How would you go about it?
Who is your favourite youtuber and why?
Say you’re a terrorist and your goal is to try and stop technological progress and surveillance (sort of like the unabomber). How would you go about it?
What is your next meal gonna be?
[Serious] For keeping healthy, is it better to exercise 5 minutes a day or 30 minutes a week (in one sitting)? Why?
If a person goes missing and they have no family or friends and no job to question, do they “live” forever? How long would it take the government to find out they no longer exist?
People whos favorite candy is yellow, Why?
What are your secret skills?
What's wrong with the US education system?
What is the best thing you've recently discovered?
People that have found their calling, what was it - and what's it like?
What is something you agreed to do that you normally wouldn't do but you did it because you were so horny?
What is the best non-conventional advice you've ever received for self-care?
What would be the most painless way to go?
How do you feel about peanut butter m&amp;ms?
in what ways since this isolation, have you learned to appreciate your loved ones, more then you done before? please give us examples?
What was your biggest “call of the void” moment?
Dog owners of reddit: What are some dumb/random things that your dog is afraid of?
What’s a song lyric you sang wrong for years before finding out the truth?
To anyone living outside of the US, what do the reports show about what’s happening here? What are they saying?
Do your eyes ever feel blurry? Like when you rub them and your vision is blurry after- can you feel the blurriness?
Fellow atheists, what would you like to believe happens after death?
As you’re trying to go to sleep, you start itching uncontrollably. You get out of bed and turn your light on and see a huge centipede in your bed that was the source of your itches. How do you handle this and how do you get to sleep?
If you were tasked with systematically fucking up your own day, and had no recollection of doing so, how would you fuck with yourself?
[Serious] What do you use to Google something: Chrome, Safari, homescreen search box...or something else?
What is the best roast to use against a normie?
Males of Reddit, would you get a male version of an IUD if it existed?
Fellow Infantryman of reddit past and present what's the craziest thing you're 1SGT or SGM said during a safety brief?
Reddit. What's your favourite movie with an open ending? And what's your interpretation of it?
When Are You Happiest?
in what ways since this isolation, have you learned to love upon your loved ones, more then you done before? please give us examples?
What is a scary fact you know that can keep anyone up at night?
What items is it ok to buy budget?
To anyone living outside of the United States, what do the reports look like about COVID-19 here?
What is the weirdest thing you have found in your food?
What's the craziest dream you ever had?
Adopted users of Reddit, at what age were you told you were adopted and did knowing you were adopted make you want to adopt children?
What's in the box?
Since no one usually believes you, what is your best should have called it moment?
Given that 6 ft is insufficient social distancing for farts, what distance should social distancing actually be to be sufficient for pandemics?
Which feelings or experiences can’t be adequately explained with words?
How do you guys feel about the YouTubers who make videos on this subreddit?
What is your favorite game by rockstar?
Where did you last find your happiness from?
What is your least favorite sex position?
What fascinates you about the opposite sex?
Stoner Parents of Reddit, how do you describe your relationship with weed to your children?
What is the longest amount of time that the current supply of toilet paper in your home will last your family?
You are given a wish (genie rules apply). How does it go horribly wrong?
What would be a person's reason for disliking a cat video?
What can you not forgive yourself for?
How has this period of isolation and concern exposed us as humans?
What’s the best candy?
What was an extremely noticeable incident of an actor breathing while playing a dead person ?
You can telepathically transmit 1 sentence to every single human mind on Earth. How do you cause the most chaos?
People of reddit who are in a relationship right now, but initially thought they never would be with that person. How did you end up together?
Anyone remember THE GAME?
what is the Bizarre Movie you ever watched ?
Why do Americans write their speeches on paper?
What are some innovations you would like to see in everyday objects?
What would happen if all of Earth’s population suddenly teleported to the same spot as a crowd?
What’s your idea that your to lazy to create?
What's something that sounds 100% real, but is actually made up?
How can someone loose feelings suddenly?
How would you write " I never used tik tok in my life" on a resumė ?
[Serious] Why do you or do you not believe in God?
During the current crisis, what are the most surprising industries that have lost or won in revenue?
In what ways are you proud of your current economic status?
What's been your favorite quarantine snack so far?
What is something that works TOO well?
what are some aggressive songs / songs that go really hard ?
What is one thing you hate in music videos?
What is your favourite video game and why?
You woke up one morning and realize everything you experienced was an illusion how do you react ?
What’s your real-life “Level-Up” or “Achievement unlocked” moment?
[Serious] What's a story you want to share?
What did you learn about one of your parents pasts that surprised you?
(Serious only) When was the last time you can remember not being depressed/anxious?
How did you find out about reddit, Was it from a friend or did you just hear about it online? And what made you decide to join?
Gamer of Reddit, what is your favorite RPG(s) of all time?
Old people of Reddit (If there's any), what's your opinion on apps and communities like these?
What's your favorite movie quote from a movie that was absolutely terrible?
What is the best pickup line in the current situation?
What's your favorite rock band? How long have you been listening to it?
Fellow introverts, how do you overcome your quietness and stop being awkward?
First responders of Reddit what keeps you going despite all of the sad things you have to see?
What was your dream job as a child?
Has giving an ex or your partner who has cheated a second chance ever worked out well?
Redditors who smoke and go to grocery stores now, what kind of looks do you get when you cough?
What are your favorite phone games?
Chefs of Reddit, what’s your favourite recipe?
What’s a word or phrase that gives you automatic nostalgia?
What's the shittiest thing you've done in a relationship?
People of the internet, why do you hate us VSCO Girls?
When’s a time you saw a rude customer get absolutely roasted?
What's your favorite rock band? How long have you been listening to it? ♪🎸
What's the male version of showing off cleavage but being offended when other people notice?
What is your strangest Couchsurfing experience?
What are some recipes for home made pesticides for those who can't go out of the house?
(Serious) What did a friend or ex friend do that was complete betrayal?
Ramen eating people of reddit, what are some ways you made ramen taste a little better?
What’s the first thing you’re going to do when you get out of Quarantine
PI's of reddit, what was the most memorable case you were hired for and how'd it turn out?
(Serious) How do you Google something: via Chrome, Safari, homescreen search box...or something else?
What’s the most stupid thing you’ve said or done to your crush?
What is something you thought was really cool that you could do but realized later on that anyone could do?
How can you convince your craziest friends that conspiracy theories by Q are complete bullshit?
What’s your strategy when you search something on the internet?
What are the pros and cons of jail breaking an iphone?
What are some underrated tv shows?
For those that have one, what is your recurring dream?
What is something the majority believe but you don't?
What are your top all time favorite foods/drinks/snacks when high?
Will padded bra with strings attached to it work as makeshift face mask?
What would you do first if you wake up and realize there is a zombie apocalypse?
How can one aquire an operating life sized dalek that one can sit inside of and control?
What is something the majority likes but you don't?
What was the worst first date you went on?
Has anyone here ever fougth their bully and won? How?
What would be the biggest accomplishment for anyone?
If you could time travel, which point of time would you travel to and why?
What are the best subreddits on Reddit for health and fitness articles?
How to do a Jheri haircut like mj and if so how long should ones hair be?
What was your final conversation with someone?
Native Americans/American Indians of Reddit: What do you prefer to be called and what is your opinion of the Washington Redskins’ name?
Is it a bad idea to jailbreak my iphone?
Why are Champion products sold at expensive retailers for an upscaled price when you can get a similar one at Walmart for a fraction of the cost?
Considering the quarantine and it's getting hot , what are some tips to deal with pests without going to the supermarket?
Some words that have legitimate definitions sound silly or humorous and make you laugh when you see or hear them. Which one is your favorite?
Your future self is randomly reading his past comments. What do want to tell him/her?
If you had the power to rewrite a movie, what movie would you rewrite and what would you change?
Has anyone here ever fight their bully and won? How?
Would you rather never eat meat again or never eat vegetables again? Why?
What is the best thing?
When does this stop, where is the line?
What exaggerating lie did you said to a random person about yourself?
How to do a Jheri haircut and how long should ones hair be? (Micheal Jackson hair)
Americans of reddit, why do you have so many government agencies?
People who don't speak to their parents anymore, why?
If you had the Would you ever sell your country? And if yes to which one ?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What's a movie you can watch endlessly and never get tired off?
Reddit - assuming we have the resources and the funding to send materials to Mars, what is the greatest challenge to colonizing Mars?
Fallout 4 vault 88 Is their anything that someone should do such as quests or jobs, Any secrets or tips for the vault ‘story’?
how slutty will people dress in 100 years?
When did you overcome your bully?
What are your thoughts that more people die in three days of starvation more than the numbers of the current event?
WHAT THE FUCK ARE GUT FEELINGS AND WHY I DONT HAVE THEM
What is the craziest idea you have ever had?
Anyone have creative ideas on how to troll or exact revenge on a scammer (asking for a friend)?
Do you think carol baskins kill her husband? Why or why not?
What phone brand do you use? Why?
Who has the best chance to get cut out of your life?
Fallout 4, vault 88. Is their anything I should do such as quests or jobs, Any secrets or tips for the vault ‘story’
What was the dumbest thing you were afraid of as a kid?
What should one do to celebrate their Reddit Cake Day?
What are the more creepy text to speech voices?
What is the first thing you will do when you reach heaven?
What is the funniest irrational fear you’ve been told?
Ex-bullies of reddit... Why were you bullying people, and what made you stop?
What r/askreddit question made you go "I could've asked that!"?
Anyone got any birthdays or anniversaries coming up? what are you plans now that you can't leave the house?
Human.exe has stopped responding. Waiting ain't doing the trick. You must restart the program but it has been several years since you last saved. What do you do?
Is there any way to meet older women interested in chatting with a 20 yo. Male?
What was your best revenge plan that instantly backfired?
What is the best way to fall back asleep after waking up in the middle of the night?
Those of you who are in relationships with people whose names are the same as your siblings; how's that going?
Reddit, what would people panic buy if the government admitted aliens and abductions were real?
If you could be an animal (real or fake) which one would you be and why?
When was the worst time you were talking to someone on speakerphone?
What’s your story about seeing a huge old tree?
What is something free that with just a little bit of effort can be just as good as its expensive counterpart?
How tf are you able to go to sleep before 12, wake up in the morning fully recharged and not be in need of sleep during the day?
Settle a debate
What’s the most inappropriate situation in which you struggled to contain your laughter and what was funny?
What would your warning label say?
What do you always fuck up?
If you could die to any song, what would it be?
What is your Omegle horror story?
What would happen if the United States all of a sudden became dead set on world domination or partial world domination?
Traumatized People of reddit, What's the worst nightmare you'd Experience and still remember it till this Day?
What's your best revenge plan that backfired
What animal is the coolest? Why is it cool?
[Serious] What separates an independent (adult) woman from one who hasn't realized that potential yet?
If gravity suddenly flipped, how long would you and your loved ones survive?
What's the Worst Nightmare you'd Experience and till this Day still remember it?
What is a must watch movie or tv show?
If weed lowers sperm count why do rappers have so many kids?
What’s the most embarrassing thing your parents have found in your room?
What’s a weird name for a Diablo 2 character?
Non Americans of reddit, what do you feel about America right now?
What do you feel is your greatest achievement to date that you wish you got more recognition for?
What’s the worst way to die?
What are some Conspiracy Theories that are actually true?
How to make a Jheri curl for men (Michael Jackson style) and how long should my hair be....
Engineers of Reddit: Me and a group of friends have a question. How big would thrusters have to be to lift a 4,000 pound metal man 100 feet into the air and how much thrust you’d need?
What is something you learned the hard way?
What could lead society to creating something like the Hunger Games, and would we allow it?
How will you celebrate your birthday this year?
what should i waste my first paycheck on?
What are the last 4 digits of your SS number?
What is your biggest regret? [Serious]
just got my first paycheck, what should i waste it on?
What is the rudest thing a teacher/professor has said or done to you?
Men, what was the worst hit in the balls you’ve ever taken?
People who grew up with messed up parents (drugs/abuse) what is it like and what does the media get wrong/what are some stereotypes that are wrong?
Why do all picky eaters love chicken nuggets?
What was your best memory growing up?
What are some non biased new sources?
[SERIOUS] Short of going full-prepper, what should we be doing to prepare for a depression-level economy?
Your state has picked a unit of measure to more easily explain the 6 foot social distance rule to natives. What is it?
To any actors here on Reddit, what's the process like?
Pope Francis is 83 years old. Who are Cardinals that may succeed him?
If you could gain access to historical statistics of one aspect of your life (like the number of times you were extremely close to dying and didn’t know it), what would you pick and why?
“I wouldn’t wish that upon my worst enemy.” What would you wish on your worst enemy though?
What do you think the meaning of life really is?
If you had an extra $100, what would you do with it?
What is your worst experience meeting a SO’s parents/family?
Why do intense flings burn out so quickly?
What’s the first drink you’re ordering at the bar when the quarantine is over?
What do you wish you had during this time?
What does it mean if you feel disgusted with yourself after a hookup?
Bad experiences meeting your SO’s parents/family?
What's the most trippy you've felt without drugs?
Have you ever had to call 911, or another emergency hotline for an emergency, if so what happened? [serious]
Why have I been staring to hear songs but there distant and sometimes I’ll think I feel my dog jump onto my bed and walk around but when I look there’s nothing there. (I am not disabled, on any meds, and don’t have any diagnosed diseases)
When dogs smile, is it an innate reaction from being happy or a learned behavior from seeing humans do it?
With all that's going on, how will people vote?
What are you allergic to?
What was your first video game?
What's something your body does that you think no else does?
What's the first thing you bought after you got your first paycheck ?
People who don't right your wrongs, why?
What keeps you going everyday?
How sexually frustrated are you, due the madness that’s going on right now?
What’s wrong but sounds right?
What's a mundane everyday task, that if lasted longer than 12+ hours, would drive you absolutely mad?
Which actor would you want to initiate you into fight club?
What is something you can't believe is still happening?
When you finish a movie do you watch the credits and why?
You can save the world with 6 months of normal 40 hr work weeks. Every day more people die. How much do you work per week/day to finish the task the quickest?
Who was your best friend growing up?
What’s your top or favorite song while following the stay at home orders?
What's your favourite book, and why?
Outside the US, Whom would you want to have hegemony over the rest of the world/who would do it better?
what's a fact that you know that not many others know?
What kind of secrets do you think the Vatican keeps?
[Serious] people who have had sex with somebody they consider much older than yourself, what was it like?
What’s the biggest booger you’ve ever seen?
Poor people of reddit, what was your favorite poor person luxuries?
people who waste their money on awards to give people, why
What quote from a show or movie changed the way you view the world?
What’s the best profile picture you’ve ever seen?
Pick an Actor, they are now a sock puppet within every movie they have ever starred in. What actor did you pick and why?
Why does it seem like every cruise ship had a breakout of covid 19 on it?
What are you doing to make this extra free time more productive?
What is the most emotionally traumatizing thing you've done?
What is your number one goal right now?
Redditors who work graveyard shift, if someone was interested in working overnight, what should they be prepared for?
Ladies, why all the sex, can't we just cuddle sometimes?
What's a perfectly legal scam?
18+, Why 18 of all the numbers. Why, does it hold any significance?
Ladies, why all the sex, can't we just cuddle sometimes?
When Thanos snapped half the universe away, which of the six main characters from Friends do you think survived?
In your opinion, where would the most dangerous place to live be?
Scientist and historians what myths or legends has an explanation?
[SERIOUS] How effective are completed petitions on sites like Change.org?
Does free will exist? Can you say with certainty, why or why not?
Non-US Redditors, what bands or singers are massive in your home country but virtually unknown elsewhere?
Hot rich girls of askreddit, how can you prove you exist?
You have an unlimited budget to make a movie, the catch is that it has to bomb and you have to spend as much as you can in the process. What movie do you make?
Reddit, what are your irrational fears?
Does free will exist?
What's a big favor you've done for your friend?
What’s the most screwed up thing you did without knowing what it was?
What is the oldest ages person you would snort a line of cocaine off their butt?
What is your dad doing right now?
What is Love ? Your thoughts ?
Redditors, whats your biggest regret?
To all married people, how did you guys react when your spouse got hit on infront of you?
What kind of Loot would you drop when you die?
What was the best off the cuff comeback to a rude question you've ever witnessed?
What would be the best rated R remake of a kids show/movie and how would it change?
What are you doing to make make this extra free time more productive?
How can one stop their brain from ruminating on negative memories before they go to sleep?
Students of reddit. How did you mess with school computers?
Watched a movie in college about a goddess who possessed straight men, and turned them gay. The only way to turn them back straight was to have a woman lick the secret vag of the goddess inside the possessed man. Can someone name the movie?
How does one get karma?
You are now a weapon. What are you and why?
How do you exercise during quarantine?
Urgent just few steps away, What are the best pickup lines?
After things return to normal, how are you going to celebrate?
[Serious] People that don't believe in the paranormal, what was one time you doubted your beliefs, and believers - what would some not-paranormal explanations be for them?
People who have woken up during surgery, what happened next?
{Mostly serous} scientist and historians of Reddit what myths do you believe are true (please have be mostly serous but 1 or 2 jokes are allowed)?
What would be a nice thing to have right now?
[SERIOUS] People who has anti-vax parents and went on vaccinate yourself in secret, what's your relationship with your parents now?
Hey Reddit, what's the spiciest thing you've done in the bedroom?
Reddit, what are your irrational fears? Asking for a friend.
What lessons have you learned from your relationships?
Some tips to create pornstar videos and upload them to Pornhub for money?[Serious]
Can Christians believe in an all-knowing god and also free will? If so, how does that work? If god knows everything, and knows what you are going to do, then how do you have free will?
If someone gave you 1000$ right now, would it change anything for you? What would you do with it?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever purchased?
Why doesn't the Penis fish parasite never swim into vaginas, but only penises?
What is the worst thing a friend has done to you?
Those who have faced near death or a terminal illness...what does it feel like to know it’s the end?
What is your favorite Kidz Bop lyrical change?
Why do we do the things we do?
Animal care workers of Reddit - What’s the biggest booger you’ve ever seen? (Human stories are cool too)
What’s the greatest late night infomercial of all-time?
What's your wildest sexual fantasy ?
In your opinion (I don’t want this to get religious) what do you actually think happens after death ?
Handy people of AskReddit, how do I get white film/cakey powder off of clear plastic from acetone?
Whats a little fun fact about yourself ?
For the people that are endlessly reposting porn, why are you reposting porn?
Thirsty peeps of Reddit who successfully hit up the DMs of an internet stranger or someone you didnt know very well, what's your story?
What did you buy from the home shopping network?
Dear Reddit, what's your zodiac sign?
I watched a movie in college about a goddess that took over mens bodies and turned them gay, and the only way to turn them back straight was to have a woman lick a secret vag. Does anyone know the name of the movie?
What is the weirdest thing you've seen on pornhub since they enacted free premium?
What does Korean language sound like to you?
What is the time duration of a “long shower” in your household?
Why, why, why, why, why, why, why?
What is the worst accident you have survived?
Someone says to you "when you have a girl it's cause you got a little dick". What do you say/do this person in response?
[Serious] What is the scariest story you've ever heard?
To the teachers that told their students, "You won't always have a calculator with you." Where are you now?
why is 1984 illegal?
[NSFW] What's the weirdest thing you've seen on pornhub since free premium?
Cops of Reddit in shelter-in-place states/countries, what have the past couple of weeks been like?
What's the best gift you've received for your one year anniversary?
Non-depressed people of Reddit, what’s it like to live with a brain that functions normally?
What is your craziest college sex story?
How long will this last?
If you could go back in time to exactly one year ago today and live the whole year over again keeping all the knowledge of the year that you have now, what would last year look like for you?
Dear people or reddit, how did you convince your parents (or any elder) that their boomer rules cannot be applied in society anymore?
Single 30+ year old redditors, what great sage abilities did you acquire after being a wizard?
What's the funniest joke you know?
How is the USA’s handling of COVID-19 being reported in your country?
What is your greatest accomplishment that means absolutely nothing to anybody else?
What is lord of flies?
What’s the best memory you’ve made at school?
Reddit. What is it that you consider a downgrade in your life? How has it changed your life?
Straight Men of Reddit, if you were going to have gay sex with any man who would it be?
Can you somehow choose what gender baby you'll have? Like how you can choose what pokemon you'll have?
Why don’t health care workers just... stop working? Crap pay, hazardous work, and insufficient supplies, why don’t they all just say fuck it im done and leave?
(Serious) In a best case scenario, what would a society where citizens don’t pay taxes look like?
Is it normal to not want to watch the news? Why? What do you do if your dad calls it childish to not the news?
If humans were to go instinct tomorrow, which 'animal' would rise to superiority next according to you?
What are some videogames that everyone should play once in their lives?
What is your Tinder success story?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
What Star Wars video game would make a great movie?
What do you do when you can't sleep?
For the Trombone players of reddit... What are some alternatives for slide oil?
What is the weirdest name a person has ever had?
What's one event that happend that no one ever talks about
Why is the ocean salt water ? Like did it have a choice ?
What are some good movies that get straight to the point or escalate quickly?
What's the most NSFW thing you got a teacher to admit to?
What's a thought you've had that immediately made you thankful that no one could read your thoughts?
What is the worst possible way to reheat leftover pizza?
Reddit, who is your Carole Baskin?
What’s something you didn’t know existed or thought was impossible until you became one?
What is the dumbest shit a mod has ever done?
Flight attendants, do you or any of your coworkers actually have sex with pilots?
Gamers Of Reddit. What game, or games had an impactful ending to you? Why is that?
What’s the best roast you seen?
Policemen/woman of reddit. What is the dumbest/funniest thing you have arrested a person for?
Why are Americans so good at English when they are not English?
To the trombone players of reddit, are there any alternatives to slide oil?(at home items)
What is the rudest assumption someone has made about you?
What are some phrases that are normal to say as a kid, but weird to say as an adult?
What is the best way to learn piano for free at home?
if the united states had hyperinflation how would it affect your life ?
Why do Americans say "Faucet" instead of tap ?
Reddit, what's a red flag you saw in a friendship?
3some: Girlfriend (31F) and I (33M) are going to have a 3some with someone I used to fuck many years ago. Bad or good idea. Why or why not.
(IF) The united states has hyperinflation what would happen to amazon the company ?
To the Trombone players of reddit, are there any alternatives to slide oil? (At home items because of quarantine)
What movie could you relate to on a personal level? Why?
How do you think the characters on The Office would be dealing with 2020 so far?
If I can barely hit rim without any vertical jump practice, then after quarantine of practicing for a few months, would I be able to dunk?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what made you stop browsing the dark/deep web?
Why or why not are bike locks the most powerful object one can buy?
Reddit. What do you consider a noticeable "downgrade" in your life ?
What are some first world struggles?
When did "I know the owner" backfire on a customer?
Hey everyone, what colleges in America has a notoriously high lgbt population? Any first hand experiences?
What was the last decision you made that turned out to be a double edged sword?
What is the most fucked up thing you’ve seen?
Redditors, what is the stupidest joke/insult that you have ever heard?
For the hardcore partiers of reddit, what do you would say at a party before passing out intoxicated
For those that are in uni and not a resident of that country. What did you put for your steam billing info?
What movie most accurately portrays high school life?
seen this being done with other places so... Non-Indians of Reddit, what are some of your biggest questions/fascination about India. Alternatively, what did you realize about India when you visited? (hoping to God I phrased this right)
What made you realize that you were depressed?
After all the C-19 dust settles, what national or regional companies won't survive?
What’s your main thing?
Hey guys I'm new tell me everything i need to know
To those who have tried past-life regression, what did you see?
Hey Reddit, what has been your no.1 go-to comfort food during the quarantine?
Why some long questions are stealthy removed?
What changed your view on a person?
What is the scariest fact you know?
What was the last concert you went to before this whole shutdown started?
Our worlds have been tossed upside down. What is important to you now that wasn't important to you last month?
What says so much about a person that is normally not notable?
Have you ever found someone you knew on here? If so, how?
Where is your gao?
Are the physical features women find attractive in men and what gay men find attractive the same?
People who can see spiritual brings,3rd eye opened and such what is scariest thing you've witnessed?
What was the first smartphone you had, how long did you have it?
Students of reddit, what music do you often listen to while studying?
What do yo hate about Instagram?
What’s the most awkward sexual experience you’ve had?
Xbox one owners, what made you choose to get an Xbox over a PS4?
Why does the greatest motivation to change yourself come at night, only to be gone the next morning?
How do you get your dog to pee and poop on a pad and to stop biting?
What is your fav meme?
What’s the creepiest thing you can currently think of on the internet?
Quarantined of Reddit what hobby/pastime have you developed?
Would you join this community? R/thenoicegang
What is the most plausible conspiracy theory that you have heard but hasn't or can't be proved?
You are now a superhero and your username is your new name, what are citizen's reactions to your name being heard?
When I ask what creeps you out, what’s the first thing that comes to mind?
ALL PARENTS of Reddit, as a 'Pre-Parent', what can one expect in the potential coming years of fatherhood?
Why do women drive so slowly on the motorway?
Insomniacs of Reddit, how much sleep do you get on average a night?
What advice do you have for someone who can’t get over their ex from almost 10 years ago?
Homeless or former homeless from reddit, what do you want people to do when they walk in front of you in the street?
I’m curious is there any website,app,subreddit or way to meet specifically older women that are interested in chatting with younger men M20?
What’s something you live with but don’t notice unless pointed out?
If you had to switch bodies with someone for a week, who would you switch with?
How to get money online from a Smartphone without having to invest?[Serious]
Antons of reddit why do you act like your name is anthony?
Whats the best joke you have heard?
What’s the worst time/place you’ve had vehicle trouble?
What was the last thing to make your jaw drop, or say "Oh my God?"
How to make a Comic strip and comic characters in mobile phone?
What is the best cod game?
What is a conspiracy theory you 100% believe?
What is one thing you did as a child/teen that, to this day, your parents have no idea about?
At what point do you know you've been indoors too long and need to at least step outside?
How did you fuck / deface a Gideon Bible in a hotel room?
Fast Food Workers of Reddit, What is Your Favorite Story From Work?
Women of Reddit, what goes through your head during labor?
What are the signs of an emotionally abusive relationship?
If no one has asked you today. How are you?
What’s the meanest prank you have seen played on someone, what did it affect?
When you hear a word you don't know, how often do you Google the meaning?
People of reddit what is your weirdest dream?
What new are you learning these days?
How familiar do you think Trump is with the preamble to the US Constitution that he allegedly loves so much?
If Scientology used their resources against the fortitude of Westboro Baptist Church, who would win?
If you could make changes to the world right now, what would they be?
What is the easiest and most effective way to get money on the Internet?[Serious]
What’s the strangest thing you have ever stolen?
What's your favourite foreign word/phrase?
What’s the most valuable thing you own?
Women of reddit, what is the maximum number of times you had masturbated in a day?
If you ever tried the “fire noodles,” how was it?
If you could get any 3 artists to collaborate on a song who would they be?
Veterans of Reddit, was your military service worth it? If you could go back would you do it again? Why or why not?
Which stoner conspiracy theory shut the entire world down for the month of 04/20?
Italy wins world sympathy in 1 month! Kashmiris have been living like hell for 72 years and Palestinians for 89 years. Is the blood of Muslims so cheap, what?
What is the opposite of a frown?
How do you write Synthwave lyrics, What words do you need to include in the song to be successful?
What is the best way to lose weight and body fat?
What’s your biggest “it’s not what it looks like” story?
What gives you hope?
Do you believe in ghosts, why or why not?
Which completely unexpected conspiracy theory shut the entire world down for the month of 04/20?
I'm sure it's what everybody else is thinking, where does covid-19 stop and when do we get our jobs back?
Italy wins world sympathy in 1 month! Kashmiris have been living like hell for 72 years and Palestinians for 89 years. Is the blood of Muslims so cheap?
Fathers of reddit, what’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen your child do?
When did the school's star crossed lovers take it too far?
If you could have a 10-inch anything, what would it be?
who is the worst youtuber that ever set foot in youtube?
Who, What, Why, When, Where, How, and How Much?
What, like soylent green, is probably made of people?
What’s the funniest joke you’ve heard?
Pet owners: If you could go back in time and talk to yourself when you considered getting your pet(s)- what advice would you give?
Character writers want to know: If your work has been poorly or under represented in media, what's your typical work day like, including every day problems you want to share?
Why haven't trucks been designed not to have blind spots?
What is the most violent thing you have ever seen/experienced?
What can we do anonymous for all our neighbors to bring them some joy during these tough time?
Whats the best coping mechanism in your opinion?
Reddit dudes, who is the best protagonist in a game?
Former Flat-Earthers of reddit, What was the explanation/reasoning that led you to finally accept that the earth is spherical?
What’s your favorite tv show? Why?
What is it like to get shot?
If God was real, what would the first question you ask be?
What if everyone disappeared except you? Nobody, no friend, no enemy. How will you be ??
What was the first time you remember someone lied to you?
The last thing you touched is what killed you, how did you die?
Bartenders of reddit, what was the worst night (or customer) you had to deal with?
Who's an artist that features on good songs but their individual music isn't that good?
What are some topics an average white dude can rap about?
How do you get over a mental block?
What can we do anonymous for all our neighbors to bring them some joy in this quarantined world?
What are some topics an average white dude can rap about? :/
Who's an artist who features a lot in good songs but their individual music isn't that great?
What's a movie or TV show that you thought you wouldn't like but ended really enjoying?
When is a good time to tell your apprentice the tragedy of darth plauguis the wise?
People who don’t use technology, how is life?
Nostalgic people, you can either continue the present with what you have or go back in time knowing everything that you've lost from the future. What's the one thing, or many things, that make you ultimately decide where you're going to go?
Redditors,what are your secrets to studying effectively?
Who really messed up your life?
People who dropped out of university/college, why did you do it and what did you do next?
What do you do to cope if you are suffering from a severe bout of mental health?
People with sleep paralysis, what do you see?
When was the last time you cried?
Where do you put negativity?
People who got out of a long term relationship, how did you cope with the break up?
People with bizarre names, what is the origin of your name and how do you live with it?
Which mall has the best food court and why?
Redditors what are to secrets to studying effectively?
Anyone know any names for a file that no one would open?
What is it like to get shot?
People that left your house because of an abusive family member or some other reason, and were completely broke, how did you survive?
Long distance couples of reddit, what is your secret for making things work?
You find out that one of your friends is actually a demon wearing human skin and wants to kidnap you to it's dimension and torture you for eternity. How would you figure which one of your friends is the demon?
To the people who dropped out of school, where are you at now?
What game should have been played professionally?
What is one aspect of quarantine life that you want to keep after this is all over?
(Wrong answers only) What do you say after sex?
What’s something your dad always said?
Apparently there's no case in Shanghai, how come?
The One you Loved Most in the world and if that someone betrays you, How does that feel ? What are your thoughts ?
The last picture you saw is what will kill, you have to describe it in starwars quotes. What killed you?
What habit do you find comforting, but drives other people nuts?
You, your friends and characters from other games and animations form up to fight against Thanos and his army. What happens during the battle and who is the strongest?
What DIY/craft project(s) are you most proud of?
What have you found on the deep web that you wish you didn’t see?
What is the real reason why Val Kilmer is not seen without a neckerchief these days?
What’s the worst trend since Internet was found until today?
What is the best 0.5mm mechanical pencil?
Who was the most annoying TV character from your childhood?
Redditors who have been to a wedding where a guest tried to upstage the bride what happened?
Are home made masks effective? I've been seeing alot of videos and posts on diy masks, using materials from paper towel, t shirts and almost any other household material readily available.
Sellers of reddit, what is the most effective psychological trick you use to make a good sale?
What plants will grow in a container on a covered porch facing west in Texas?
What is your scariest memory?
You get to make 5 Pokémon appear in real life naturally (not including evolutions) which ones would they be and why?
Searching for first diesel pickup truck, under $26k, what truck would you recommend?
People who have run out of toilet paper and can’t buy more, what did you do?
Single parents of autistic children what are some do's and don'ts for a potential so?
What is a secret you have kept that you swear to never tell anyone?
[Serious] People who have overcome mental illnesses, how long did it take? What steps did you take to recover? Do you have any advice for others?
Is there ever a point at which American democracy censors a group of people and doesn’t mention it, and what group?
Where’s a good place to find friends male or females who game?
What's it like to be high, for someone who doesn't know?
What is you favorite movie but give your answer by telling the story in reverse?
What does the new "rich" look like?
What is the most efficient way to learn a language?
If Reddit is the front page of the internet, what is the back page of the internet?
How has your alcohol consumption changed since being stuck at home?
When will the human race go extinct?
Have you ever jerked off to anime porn?
What is the most "okay" thing. Not great, not terrible. Just "okay"?
What’s your go to comedian or stand-up?
Single parents of autistic children... questions from potential so. The do's and don'ts
What are your theories on aliens?
What is something you did that you haven’t told anyone? [Serious]
How did you nearly get yourself killed as a kid?
What’s the closest you’ve been to drowning?
Redditors who are decent at socializing, how do you spark conversations with people who are less good at talking to people?
If it exist theirs porn of it?
How many times a week do you workout &amp; how many hours of sleep do you get?
I wanna laugh. What’s your go to comedian or stand up?
What’s something a robot could never do for you?
What year of college did you enjoy the most?
What is one thing that you would change about yourself?
Have you ever given the police a tip that helped solve a crime?
What does “hot mess” mean, exactly?
What is something you like to do that other people would probably consider “weird” if they knew?
How to be hated on reddit?
Pizza guy/gals what's something that happened on a run no one believes?
What seemingly unimportant, miscellaneous household item did you realize was actually really important when you began living on your own?
What is the worse thing you’ve done without people finding out?
What’s your best [NSFW] tip?
What's your weirdest gas station encounter?
You get to jump back to any point in your life and change how things happen, what would you do?
When it comes to romance, is heart/gut feeling better over opinion of others or viceversa?
Are the booty call hours different under this new 'home-body policy'? If so, what are the rules if you don't want to make a booty call?
What’s something that always seems to happen to you?
Any body dealing with being away from your partner, how are you handling it?
How’s your quarantine going?
How would competitive sex differ from casual sex?
What is the biggest opportunity you passed up on? Do you still think about it to this day?
What are some niche Youtube rabbit holes to dive down?
Redditors, how are you making money right now since you’ve been laid off?
What were you doing exactly 5 hours ago?
What other news / developments are we missing because of this outbreak coverage?
Redditors, what is the stupidest joke/insult that you have ever heard?
Rich people who we NOT born rich, how did you get rich?
What's a great item to have if you're ever stranded in a deserted island?
If you are to create an app that you feel the world is lacking right now, what would you name it and how will it work?
What computer program that no longer exists do you regret the most?
What exactly does it mean to be “manic”?
Military personnel of Reddit: For someone who is thinking about joining the military, what advice could you give?
What have you posted on Reddit that had few votes but then someone else posted the same or similar thing and it did really well?
What are some of the newest and most promising breakthroughs in science that more people should know about?
Mc players, do you guys believe in Herobrine?
What stupid shit will the younger generations believe in and be into when they are old?
If you had the chance to become god, what would you change about the world?
If the dawn of time ‘til now were to be put on time-lapse, how many seconds would it be?
What competition were you sure you were going to dominate but it got cancelled because of THIS?
What’s the best drama tv series of the 2000s ?
What was your first earning?
Autistic Redditors, how has the recent change in routine affected you?
What are some good topics to rap about?
What's something you desperately want to rant about but have no one to vent to about it?
Your favorite movie now has a clickbait YouTube title. What is it?
What is the dumbest reason a Significant Other broke relations with you?
Why do teens love to drink?
What stopped your nuclear revenge?
You have been given the chance to genetically splice any two animal species, but you must keep the result as a companion. Which two animals do you choose and why?
NSFW: How do you politely ask someone to pin you against the wall?
animators of reddit, do you get paid differently for animated scenes with lots of characters, lots of things happening, complex work, or is it just one pay as a whole?
What's your most embarrassing topless moment?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve found yourself doing to cope with depression or anxiety?
You’re given a prize if you can describe your favourite movie with food. How do you describe it?
Is the movie Stand By Me too outdated now since the author can now just find his old friends on Facebook?
If you could add a new letter to the English alphabet, what would it be?
What kind of props do you like to use in the bedroom?
People who almost got catfished or got catfished on the internet ,what’s your story ?
Which movie title becomes hilarious when you replace one word with 'sausage'?
Dear Redditors, how did you tell your parents you were moving out?
To all Woman of reddit, If half of the worlds population switched genders, what advice would you give to the Boys turning into Girls?
Are you a fan of Boxing or MMA? If so, who do you like to watch?
What’s one thing you took for granted prior to everything changing and having to self-isolate?
People who always text first. Do you ever get lonely, if so how do you deal with it?
Without intended judgement, what split-second scenario had you imagined doing the right thing, but became a statistic of the Bystander Effect?
To all men of reddit, If half of the worlds population switched genders, what advice would you give to the girls turning into boys?
What is your oldest and most beloved object or thing you own and why it is so?
Do you like to watch Boxing/MMA?
Toppers of reddit,what are your secrets to studying effectively?
If you only had the choice of one mask or two gloves, which would you choose and why?
What's your least favorite chore/household task to perform and why?
What’s something you will NEVER get enough of?
Why is "do what your heart tells you" a common phrase when your heart only pumps blood?
Which teams do cities without a sports team support?
What's something strange or unique you've experienced that can't be explained?
Redditors, you suddenly gain the ability to bring back anything from items to people from the past. What do you bring back from the past?
What's a story you never found the right subreddit/askreddit to share on?
Entrepreneurs or Reddit, what is a field in which someone can be really successful in but no one is willing to work in it?
What was your Scariest Moment ? What Scares you the most in your life ?
How would you describe the person that you think is most likely answering when you post an AskReddit question?
What are you proud of that's too boring to tell your friends and family about?
What’s your favorite word in the English language and why?
What’s your favorite movie poster?
What is a random Simpsons quote that you use often in your normal dialogue with people?
What's the strangest dream you've had lately?
How do you communicate kindly and effectively?
How do you eat your pizza, i personally like to eat the crust first
Yoo what is that song that goes "Hella jaggedy ride ride ride but a fuckin superstar mind mind mind" ??? Was sooo goood and addictiveee!! My girl and I found it on Spotify and replayed it on her broken phone over and over again, but then lost it!! Please help!!!
Who do you imagine you're screwing when you're having sex?
What clothing fabrics do you find the sexiest?
Men of reddit, what's your 'random boner at the wrong time and place' story?
What changed your mind to believe in something you didn't before or were against?
What advice or recommendation did you regret following and why?
You are given the opportunity to create a limited edition LEGO set. What will it be based off and what will be the advertisement for it?
What are some cool sites or apps?
Ex-smokers of Reddit, what are some unexpected benefits of quitting smoking?
What is your go to snack?
Anyone know any discrete file title names I can use to ensure no one opens them?
How would one dispense 'health justice' on perpetrators ?
How safe do you feel to have food and groceries delivered to you at you doorstep?
[Serious] Redditors with night guard jobs, what was most horrifying thing that happened during your shift?
NSFW what was you worst experience with an online dating service?
What’s the worst thing you could do, knowing you could still sleep at night?
How can I make money as a highschooler rn
What’s something that’s stressful yet fulfilling for you?
What’s the be at thing you guys are doing in quarantine?
Who is Esther and why does she want to introduce us to Cake?
Why do most people on Reddit feel the need to tell long, extremely personal life stories or share details of their mental or physical health to complete strangers? Do you feel safe here?
What's the best case scenario if your parents find out you've done porn?
What is it like to get struck by lightning or to be near a lightning strike?
The last dream you had becomes a movie. What's the title, and who stars in it?
Reddit? How did it feel to take credit/praises for something you didn’t do?
What movie do you think changed your life and why?
People who married rich and don’t work, how’s life?
Reddit. According to the rule of three, we are due for one more disaster. What is the next disaster going to be and why?
What's an awkward moment you had when somebody hit on you?
Would you say logan paul 100,000 time to instantly become famous? Why or why not?
What's the bravest thing you've ever done?
What made you fall for him/her?
After we’re dead, where do we go?
What is your Girlfriend /Boyfriend crazy parents story?
What is your favorite movie from the 90s?
What is the one recipe you always wished you had?
If you had to go back in time and tell someone about our culture and technology, which historical figure will it be and why?
You hate 50% of what?
Do people like the smell of their own farts? If yes, why do you think so?
Combat Veterans of Reddit: How has your experience fighting in a foreign country shaped your view on the people there?
What was your first pet as a child?
What would have happened if Davy Jones had stabbed his heart?
What is something you will always regret no matter what?
Woman who refuse to wear tampons/cups instead of pads, why?
Because of Covid 19, What is the most fun thing you guys are doing in quarantine?
What's the most scuffed thing that you have seen?
What are your guilty pleasures?
What is your experience with a person who changed for the better or worse?
People with COVID-19, how are things going? [serious]
Do you like Drakes older music or newer music and why?
Who has the weirdest flex?
If you had the ability to rewind time how would you prove it to someone?
What tips/advice would you recommend to a new Reddit user?
Hi Reddit, name a movie then completely make up a new plot, what story does your movie tell now?
What's a petition you signed that actually went through?
What was something that you said that ended your job/career?
What is your favorite flavor of M&amp;M's?
What is the weirdest photo/video you have seen?
How come all your emotional feelings come from the left side of your chest and not your right?
After you die there's a character creation screen: How would you customize yourself for your New Game + reincarnation run?
What was the best decade of fashion and style?
What is something that happened to you that no one believes?
What is one convincing nonreligious argument against homosexuality &amp; gay marriage?
Why or why not do you enjoy Drakes music over the last couple of years?
If you can pick a custom feature for your house to have before you buy what would it be?
Redditors who have been married more than ten years: how long have you been married and what is the best/worst thing about it?
What is a word that you always thought was a word but in reality,it wasn't a word?
You are the Teacher in a class of 30 Loud, Noisy and Misbehaving Middle/High School Students. How do you get them to Stop and Focus in the Fastest Way Possible?
Introverts of Reddit, since being grounded, have you enjoyed being home? Or do you regret not taking the opportunity of being out and “enjoying” life?
What are your period horror stories?
What type of item is toilet paper?
what are the some of the best fan made Pokémon game ?
What was your GO-TO way to occupy your time as a kid?
Introverts of reddit. What is the greatest thing that has happened to you while you were home alone?
Just want to see what are people’s top 5 siege pathfinders?
Is there a subreddit where I, as a man, can feel better about my body?
Do you like the smell of your own farts?
What are some fun websites to waste a lot of time on besides Reddit?
What was your unintentional doings, but if you remember it by, it felt hilarious?
Lads of reddit. I know we have done many a thing while sheltered in our homes thanks to COVID-19. What is the greatest thing you have done, or seen in this here quarantine?
You are in a loud and noisy Classroom with 30 misbehaving students. How do you stop them in the Fastest Way Possible?
Which music artist gave you been listening to the most over the last two years?
Rough day? Perhaps a positive comment can make it better... what has happened today?
WHat is the most ridiculous instance of censorship you've seen on tv?
When and how, did you go from being the student to becoming the Master in your specific field?
What is the unrealistic horror movie scene that bothers you the most?
What do people find appealing about Mukbangs?
What’s the funniest scene from a TV show/movie you’ve ever seen?
What’s a word you use when you’re trying to sound smart?
If you could choose any weapon from mythology/fiction, which weapon would you choose and why?
If a 26 year old believes he will never find a girlfriend because he screwed up and is behind in life, and therefore financially dependent while working on getting into med school, how would you prove him wrong?
What’s your best first kiss story?
What is an Experience you wish to try it for the first time again?
Will this outbreak cause long term changes to the way humans do things, specifically in regards to distancing?
How do guys feel the historians/books are gonna portray this time?
If all foods never went bad, what would you have a stockpile of?
What convinced you that conspiracy theorists might be on to something?
How does the Nice bot work? Does it reset daily?
Why don't pornstars have sex in the rain?
What is something you overthink but is actually normal?
What were you laughing at without stopping?
What did you eat today?
What is the best way to get rid of or become unaffected by emotional pain? (Serious)
If you were to make a personal time capsule right now, what would you include in it?
How do you prevent a video playing on reddit from auto pausing when changing taps?
Who are some of the most evil people in history that are often overlooked and aren’t talked about enough?
Why are people more quick to judge others? You should think they know themselves best.
What story have you not told anyone because you think no one would believe you?
Whats the difference between a meme lord, and a edge lord?
What did you say as a child that you realized was really messed up as an adult?
What age did you lose your virginnity?
Redditors without kids, how amazing is it right now not having to deal with all that financially or emotionally?
Why do some people think Tom Hanks is a pedophile when he is clearly not?
What thought that hasn't been found on the internet?
If you could move to any country, where would you go to now?
How can you get the most fun out of a paper printer?
What is the best example of a team where only one of the members is male, and nobody doubts his masculinity?
What is the weirdest/unconventional thing you do to pass time?
Do you feel like there’s been a lot of trans and homophobia media on reddit lately? Why or why not?
Exteoverts of Reddit, what are you doing to not be lonely during self isolation?
What are you doing to keep busy during this hectic time?
What is the difference between lying and laying?
When did you realize that your childhood friend was a jerk?
Parents of Reddit, with the sudden change in having your kids home all the time now, how is it going?
What is a memory you have that still makes you cringe with embarrassment? You know, that memory that no matter how long its been, when it enters your mind you instantly and unconsciously make a face?
When did you realize your were stupid as a child?
What do you predict will be true of some future civilization?
People who celebrate Thanksgiving, do your relatives stay overnight?
You are the last person alive but you can bring 2 other person with you on your journey. Who do you choose and why?
Your favorite character from your favorite TV show is now the main protagonist in your favorite video game. How does your new hero adjust to their new way of life?
How much better or worse has music gotten over the last 10 years?
Is sex better in the dark? Has it ever been more wild for you in a dark room, if so why?
People of reddit, if you were to write a song, what would it be about and why?
Fellow insomniacs, what's your worst experience not sleeping?
Just got rick-rolled in Fortnite...is this what was foretold by our ancestors?
How many time have you had a really good Idea for a video game but don’t know how it look of how people will react when you tell them so you kinda just make art and writing of it?
(Finish this sentence) If at first you don’t succeed...
If you could swap movie/cartoon characters, from another movie/cartoon, what would you do?
What is the most possitive thing you’ve aeen since the quarantine started?
How are you holding up this month?
Why do Americans feel that they are the best country in the world? Especially in the current environment?
People of reddit, ik this belongs on r/showerthoughts but what were your weirdest shower thoughts?
What's the first movie you went to the theatre to see?
What two completely different games should have crossover?
What songs are helping you cope with or relate to 2020 so far, and how so?
How will fortnite die?
What do you think would be the scariest way for the world/human life to end?
What main character’s role in any movie, tv show, or game would you switch another character’s role with?
What’s better than sex?
How does one stay motivated to workout?
How many of you have a really good idea for a video game but do t know how to get it out there and tell people
[Serious] Redditors who want to be a parent one day, what are you looking forward to most about it?
What do you know is not true but you like to entertain anyway because it amuses you?
[serious] Why has mild to moderate insomnia become so common? Is there something people are just forgetting how to do in order to sleep?
Gamers of Reddit, what video game series or single game would you like to see remade or rebooted?
What are work from home jobs that will pay you 6,000 dollars a month? Your background being 10 years in film production and about 13 years in office assistant/office manager?
What movie/tv show or video game does everyone like except you?
When have you shit/shart your pants?
What is something you are not sure whether you like it or not?
Is toilet paper a luxury item?
What subreddit have you recently un-joined?
Why was summer of 2016 the best year for most ppl?
For anyone who has external hemorrhoids, what have you done to get rid of them?
People who dated a pick-up artist, what is your story? (Serious)
Cameramen for porn, what’s it like on the job?
Getting an Australian Shepard, what should it be named?
Is it ok for non-trans actors to play trans characters on stage?
What is your best "Oh shit, I fucked up," moment?
People of reddit, what's a conspiracy theory that you can prove?
[serious] Medical professionals of reddit, what advice would you give to any aspiring doctors/nurses about getting into your profession?
Parents, what have your kids done that seriously shook/disturbed you? [SERIOUS]
What are laws that you always thought were ridiculous?
What 3 dimensional thing can you create without matter?
Americans of reddit how do you feel about the shit show that is your government during this pandamic?
What is the most amazing or impressive thing you have ever done?
Redditors, have you ever found someone you knew in real life on reddit? How did that go?
Reddit, what small thing triggers your OCD?
What is your favorite brand of water? Why?
If you could change one event from history, what would it be and why?
Ricks of Reddit, what do you do when someone gives you up or lets you down ?
How did our cave dwelling ancestors manage to domesticate wolves?
What is your greatest fear and why?
Why can I not upvote/downvote and comment on some posts?
Where were you the night your 1st born child was conceived?
What do guys like to talk about?
What is the best song ever written?
Hey guys how do you take out a girl from your mind ?
Redditors who love nightlife (Bars, Casinos, Nightclubs, etc.) on a scale of 0 (No hate at all) to 10 (Extremely furious), how much do you hate Bouncers?
When’s the last time you cried?
Therapists of Reddit, who was the worst human being you ever had as a patient?
[Serious] What are the truths that we have learned from the Panama Papers and why are they not exposed anymore?
Which Harry Potter movie was it when boys watching started getting crushes on Hermione?
Attractive/Average looking people of Reddit, what can us Ugly people do better?
Serious..... What was something your ex love did that your current love doesn't do?
Where do giant pizzas this big come from?
If you can meet with Joseph Stalin before WWII and ask him one question, what question would you ask him?
How can you make the most out of reddit?
How can you tell your attractiveness level from people's actions and behavior towards you(Not for extremely attractive or ugly mostly the in-between)?
What's your favourite thing about being alive?
Which pornstar looks like Jesse Eisenberg?
Hola comunidad, alguien puede pasarme algun curso o me pueden enseñar a poder entrar al Whatssapp de otra persona de forma remota?
What's a tasty food combination that most people wouldn't know about?
What's an easy subreddit to spend a lot of time in?
Why do Islam accept cousin marriages and t say... gay marriages?
Older people of Reddit, what advice would you give to 20 year olds today?
What author do you both love and hate?
Who has craze of good story Mission games, like " FINAL FANTASY X ". What are your thoughts about " FINAL FANTASY X ", Which is your favorite game you adore the most ?
Elderly people of Reddit, what made you start to use Reddit and why?
Refugees of other social medias, what was your reason to try reddit and how did you like it?
what everyday phrase could destroy the space-time continuum?
What are some good tips that people who suffer from anxiety attacks should know and remember?
What’s an expensive thing that you’ve done/bought, but hated?
How do you prevent getting burnt out but not feel guilty about using time for recreation?
What’s the most BS story you’ve seen on this sub?
How safe do you feel to have food delivered to you at you doorstep?
What’s your reoccurring dream?
What items are sold for way too much but can easily be made at home?
What is the last wholly original thing you saw?
What website could I (F) use to post a modeling portfolio to such that I could work in adult entertainment?
What do you think the last Minecraft update will be?
What is the most interesting adventure book that has the most unique storyline and best characters?
When reading someone's message, with what feeling/emotion do you read their tonality in?
I’ve been seeing a lot of homophobic and transphobic media on this app, what do you think? [serious]
If a medieval settlement had to rely on your medical expertise to survive, how screwed would they be?
What's something sweet your tinder date has done for you?
What’s a word that sounds filthy when you say it?
People of Reddit, why do you download porn and how much have you accumulated over the years?
How many reddit accounts you have had so far? Including the ones which you deleted. And why did you delete it?
If colors had a taste and smell what would it be?
What's something sweet your tinder date has done for you.
Gamers of reddit, what is your favorite zombie apoclypse game?
You have 30 seconds to ruin your life. What do you do?
What vacation spot do you rate 10/10?
Knowing what you know now, what would you be doing differently if you could go back 10 years?
Do you prefer talking to people who use complicated words in the conversation?
How to gain karma in reddit ?
what is one food you hate that everyone else loves?
What are some Reddit "stereotypes" you have noticed, and like or dislike?
Is there anyone who is looking for a moderator for their subreddit?
What is your favorites NSFW subreddit?
Women of reddit who “give blow jobs”, what does semen taste like?
What is your opinion on training barefoot at the gym?
What are your near-miss death stories?
How are Americans paying hospital bills if they get severe covid?
What are some weird random historical facts you know ?
What do you call it when a movie/tv show/book is made with zero diversity and only has straight white males then the whole fandom takes the most minute signs to make the whole cast gay?
What's your best made-up memory of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
What are some free ps4 games with a good story you would recommend?
What alcoholic drink, smoothie, or coffee would you create ? And what would you name it ?
how would things be different if the dogs were human and the humans were dogs?
Do you have lots more arguements and fights with your partner during these trying times? If so, what's it about? (Serious)
[Serious] I've ran away from home because of my abusive older brother, what do I do now?
People who had there life ruined by someone else, What happened?
What is the worst movie you've ever seen?
What song sums up your sex life?
What is something that’s Legal but should be Illegal?
You are now the villain of your favorite Disney movie. What would you have done differently to make sure you won?
whats that point in time where music should kick in to help your case... like a movie?
What seemingly innocent action gives off a sexual impression?
What is grad school like for someone pursuing an MA in U.S History?
Hello Reddit; what do?
What’s the best nickname you’ve ever come across and what’s the reasoning behind it?
How can I know if a girl has big breasts while she wearing wide clothes?
What is something you witnessed/experienced that you still can't explain?
If you could improve society somewhat how would you do it?
Hello Reddit...what do?
What made you have to create a new Reddit account?
Who are the top 5 celebrities you would like to sleep with?
What is your spirit animal?
Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit; what is the most awkward date you’ve ever witnessed on the job?
Redditors who shop at Costco or Sam's Club, what stories of unbelievably large ammounts or sizes of normal items do you have?
You are dead. Now as a ghost, what is the best way to communicate with people that are alive but doesn't come off as a poltergeist/demon? What would you say?
Things on reddit are you not form earth if so why?
If you could tell your best friend to do anything and they will do it, what will you tell them to do?
What are some new ways people will behave in the near future?
What are some weird habits you’ve created because of past fears?
What is something that truly terrifies you?
What is grad school like for someone pursuing an MA in History? (More specifically, U.S History if it helps answer the question)
What song is stuck in your head?
Deaf people of reddit, what songs do you guys like for the feeling of vibration it gives you?
What is the Oldest Minecraft Anarchy Server?
What’s something you would do on your reddit cake day that you wouldn’t do on your actual cake day?
Women of Reddit who have an IUD, as the IUD gets closer to the end of its lifespan, is the birth control less effective? Do the hormones 'run out'? Is there a higher chance of pregnancy within the last few months of it's time?
What kind of rides would be a theme park for people with PTSD?
What is your "money can not buy everything" moment you experienced in this season?
People of Reddit, please suggest me a Software or Website that can convert handwriting into text Font for free. Or any text editing platform with handwriting like font styles ?
Nonessential Employees what type of work do you do and are you being paid?
Which is the last book you read?
Marvel fans of reddit what is the first movie you ever saw of Marvel Studios?
When was the last time you couldn’t sleep from excitement? What was it about?
Hey Reddit, what's your experience with blue-blocking glasses been for reducing eye strain during heavy computer use?
The government offered you $1,000,000,000 to babysit a devilish baby with mild superpowers. If it gets out of the house or destroys any of it, you lose the money. How do you restrain it?
What's a piece of dangerous political misinformation you want to dispel?
When you die, you will be reborn as an extinct animal of your choice charged with the responsibility of the revival of your species. What animal would you choose and how would you overcome the hardships put in place by humans?
What's your Tinder success story?
What is Reddit’s favorite sponsor?
At what point did you realize your parents are actual people?
What’s your wildest/craziest sexual experience?
Reddit. How do you get over someone?
Where can one take a legitimate IQ test?
Have anyone of you tried those blue-blocking glasses for computer use? Are they worth the money? My online time has really spiked for obvious reasons, and I'm feeling eye strain.
What are some interesting skills to learn or hobbies to take up when quarantined at home?
Who got to have sex tonight?
men of reddit: would it be mean to troll you on tinder? do you take it seriously? why or why not?
Has anyone gone from being really rich to poor? What caused it and what’s it like?
How would you react if everything around you stopped, and time for everything except you is at a standstill?
reddit be honest Persona 5 or Persona 4 Golden both on PS3
What is you best karma whoring story?
People of reddit, Whats the dumbest thing you've caught your friends do?
Which game did you hate even though the majority loved it? Reason why you disliked it?
anybody else scared af right now?
What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
There was an early 2000s screensaver. It had a silhouette "trapped behind a computer screen" and the silhouette would knock 3 times before the screen would turn to complete static. The silhouette would interrupt the static and the screensaver would loop. Any info on this is appreciated. Thanks
Reddit, what is the most comfortable way to browse on your phone while laying down?
The last thing you texted is the thing you must shout very loud in the middle of class. What do you shout?
As an adult, what elementary- or middle-school learning have you retained and what have you forgotten?
What is the best book you've read on a certain topic?
Redditors with short hair, what are your plans if you're unable to go to the barbershop/salon for the foreseeable future?
What was your high school senior prank or your ultimate prank?
There are 52 alternative universes and whenever one is born, there are 52 paths based on the regular card deck and one path is chosen for every alternative universe. What path (card) are you living in and what are the rest of paths doing right now in the alternative universes?
People who give awards to reddit users - why?
Which game is so bad that it is good? Did you play it all the way through?
(Serious) 2013 was 7 years ago, what do you miss alot about that year?
What are some lyrics you know others can finish?
What’s the worst dream you’ve had recently?
What was you senior high school prank or you ultimate prank?
What barely registers as "old school" to you?
So what’s the outcome after all this? Normal or will there be a lot of crime and poverty? What do you think?
People from the 45mins time zone (Chatham Islands, Nepal, and Eucla), how are you doing?
What is your biggest regret from your 20’s ?
What is your biggest regret form your 20’s ?
Highschool/college dropouts what are you doing now?
Fellow ugly people of reddit, what is your sex life like?
What could be removed from a hotel room and you wouldn't care?
Mum's and dad's of reddit, what's the best lie or excuse given when walking in on your kids "alone time"?
When did your body fail you in the most embarrassing way?
If Harvey Weinstein doesn't have testicles as two of his accusers have claimed, why do you think that is?
redditors, why are you gae?
Whats the most absurd thing you jerked to?
When was the last time you couldn’t sleep from excitement?
What was your first real kiss like and what were the circumstances?
If your taste buds stopped working and you couldn't taste anything for the next 6 months, how would it personally affect your eating habits?
How do you feel about eating specific foods at specific times of the day?
If you had fairy god parents like Timmy Turner, what kind of life do you think you would lead?
[Serious] What if you found out that a best friend of yours was in a hate group?
You enter a room and a LEVEL UP in flashy letters and dramatic music appears. It is not a dream. What do you do in this situation?
What's the best way to gauge how much of an asshole someone is??
Teacher/parents/students of Reddit, what would you change about the school system if you could?
Who has craze of good story Mission games, like " FANTASY X ". What are your thoughts about " FANTASY X ", Which is your favorite game you adore the most ?
Are Zebras Black with white stripes or white with black stripes
What is the true reason of why we dont move on a global scale to a renewable energy and provide free/very cheap energy for the population ?
(Serious) What is the best way to grieve the loss of a pet you were extremely close to and have grown up with?
What is a small unsettling detail/action that can change what you are doing 180 degrees?
[Serious] What do you think are the key differences between standard depression and depression caused by a PTSD type experience are?
You literally fall out of an 1800 floor building in your normal outfit and everything normally in them. How do you survive and;or recover?
What is called when someone feels disconnected from their body? They’re watching themselves from a outside view?
What's your weirdest pet peeve that's too embarrassing to tell another person?
Magnet Fishers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you've pulled up?
What's your worst traveling experience?
What is your favorite gif?
Sleeping around really something that should be done whilst young or? Worried if I’ll regret it or regret not doing it
Do you have a world that was made through dreams that you can map out right now
SECOND EDITION: What is the worst fandon?
On a scale of 1 to America how free are you?
What is the thing you most regret?
What do you think are the key differences between standard depression and depression caused by a PTSD type experience are?
How many of you people wanna do serious weight loss?
What is the weirdest sub on Reddit?
This is kind of a question that it's been bothering me for a while... I find people that write correctly in chats kind of weird, but I feel that it's the right way to do it anyway... And then I was wondering if it's correct to even write "hahaha" as a reply... What do you think about that? Should w
When have you played hide and seek where no matter how hard the seekers tried, they were never able to find you?
What are some red flags for you in a relationship?
Do you know someone with a really fat neck, what’s your story?
What is something that would make you audibly gulp nervously?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
Was there a time where you and your siblings friend were alone? What happened? NSFW
What is something you are completely average at?
Short people of Reddit, what is the advantage of being short?
[NSFW] Women/non-binary/gender queer/ etc, who are insecure or uncomfortable with your vulva, what is your story? If you have considered labiaplasty, why?
If you could have sex with a clone of yourself, what position would you choose?
Is sleeping around something we should all do in order to ‘live’ and experience sex before we die? No shame in it, before we settle down and find a lover? Or is it something you end up regretting? Or makes you feel worse?
Is it just me or dose someone else out there have an imaginary world that was created through dreams?
if a cow were a human where would the tenderloin be?
Smokers of Reddit, are you still going out of your way to get smoke products? Why or why not? What have you realized through all of this?
What's the coolest thing about being your current age that you did not know about when you were younger?
What’s the worst thing your teacher pulled up on their projector by accident?
Which cereal mascot is most likely secretly a serial killer?
If you have to do a T.V. interview from your house what room and background would to choose to be the most interesting?
People of Reddit, what is the dumbest/weirdest way you got hurt?
What do you think about soulmates? Do you believe that you will find the right person eventually?
Monolingual people of reddit, have you ever been in a situation where you wished you speakers another language?
whats that point in time where music should kick in to help your case... like a movie
What is something good that has happened to you or around you lately?
Bojack Horseman fans of Reddit, what’s your favorite Princess Carolyn moment?
Asking for a friend. If Nestle was coming after you, how would you protect yourself?
What little thing can help you save time doing chores around the house?
[Serious] With everyone everywhere staying home; the animals coming back, and air pollution clearing up... Could this have any lasting effect on global warming?
if a cow were a human where would the ribeye be?
Teens of Reddit, what’s something other teens do that you really don’t want to be associated with?
Hey can you send me pics of you planking naked? Or like start a sub for it? I would but I'm laying on the couch and i don't wanna get up
Which one of Haruki Murakami’s book is your favorite? Why?
Would you donate me some gold, I’ve never gotten any gold on here?
Why do musical themes like Dances With Wolves and Robin Hood not work into pop culture today like they did in the early 90’s?
When people say, “I make $X amount of money,” are they referring to net “take-home” pay or their current salary?
Adults of Reddit, what advice would you give to your 21 year old self?
What is the best non scripted line in a show or movie?
[SERIOUS] Former Hypochondriacs of reddit, how did you overcome your hypochondria?
People of Reddit, what's the strangest thing to happen to you at a friend's house?
What’s going on through your mind right now?
What are some ridiculous reasons people have sued other people for?
Who keeps posting all these comments you can't see?
What do you hope to achieve before your life is over?
Reddit folks who have bought Reddit coins, how much did you buy and was it worth it?
What is your favorite genre of video games?
Can dogs get corvid 19? My dogs sick I’ve never seen him this sick he’s been puking all day long, and vets are closed due to the current situation. I’m starting to get really scared. Has there been any known cases in dogs so far?
What is the best way to tell people life on earth as we know it is ending; Would you want to know, if there were going to be a catastrophic impact event; Should officials tell you if an asteroid will impact Earth, even if there’s nothing you can do to help, prepare, or stop it?
What are some ways to volunteer while we are all physically distancing?
Train drivers of reddit, what’s the creepiest thing you have seen? [serious]
What’s your favorite song and/or artist?
What do you wish you could do right now?
What is the worst food to try to eat while having sex?
What are problems men have that women will never understand?
You discover the earth is flat! How do you profit from this 'secret'?
What’s your favorite film?
If you changed to the Flash, and your city is on fire, what would you do? No calling for the other DC superheroes okay?
How are you paying your rent and bills right now without a job?
What is your biggest challenge right now due to current world events ?
How many people have you blocked on reddit?
[Serious] Adults of Reddit, what advice would you give to your 21 year old self?
If the entire world was one giant tv show, with each season being a century, who would’ve been the main character of each season? And who would be the main character of this season?
What major events do you know of that had surprisingly little to no news coverage?
What's your favorite animal of the Apoda suborder of Amphibians??
What can you do with your body that not many people can do?
You have the money, now what’s the plan?
What games (or services) can be played while on zoom?
Hey bois and gurls of reddit, what was the most luckiest event/set of events that has ever happened to you?
Redditors, have you ever met a real genius? What happened?
reddit. what is your thing that you do?
People of Reddit what's the creepiest experience you've ever had?
How do celebrities and models tell whether they are physically attractive themselves? When they pick their outfits, how do they know if it looks good or not or do they not care?
You know a prophecy that says after 3 days there will be a zombie apocalypse,What do you do?
Who learned something new today? What was it?
[Serious] Adults of Reddit, what advice would you give to your 20 year old self?
You have to scare a family member by only bringing 3 items to a religious family gathering. What do you bring?
What is your nastiest habit?
what dumb thing did you do that didn't seem like a big deal at the time?
To those who changed their mind from what career they wanted when they were young, what happened?
How do u pass your time at home ?
If a convenience store is easily accessible for everyday items; what does an inconvenient store have/do?
What would be the worst video game universe to live in
What test exits to determine somebody's political affiliation (center, progressive, conservative, etc.)?
What major event do you know about that mysteriously disappeared off the internet?
There is a concept of a “midnight snack” where people get out of bed in the middle of the night to eat. Is this a real thing?
Can someone please explain what the latest terms used by teenagers mean?
You wake up in bed except you’ve time traveled in your sleep. It’s April, 3rd 1994. What’s the first thing you do?
Who is the most immoral Robbin Hood character? And why?
What is the biggest flaw of your personality that you’re aware of but can’t seem to fix?
What are people too sensitive about?
If you had a friend who was just a head and didn't have a body, what would you buy them as a present that wasn't another hat?
Women of reddit, Whats something that barely any men know that turn you on?
Playboi Carti’s Kid Cudi song: Kid Cudi song was up on YouTube and Spotify for a while and it was such an awesome song. However, it was taken off and can’t be found anywhere. Anyone have MP3 file or a location where it can be found?
What’s the most memorable opening line from something you’ve read or watched?
Which 2 tv shows would make the most entertaining crossover?
What is your go-to drinking toast?
People who cheated on their SO, how are you now?
How do u past your time at home during Coronavirus ?
Sarcastic answers only, How are you doing?
Which is better 4/4/20 or 4/20/20?
Why do bees produce so much more honey than they need?
What pisses you off the most?
Is there a written test to determine political affiliation (center, progressive, conservative, etc.)?
What is good to drink hot water with lemon?
What would you do if you were at home while someone just broke in?
Why would you give someone 7 comments per ghost pepper extract drop?
I’ve heard of the concept of a “midnight snack” where people get out of bed in the middle of the night to eat. I’ve never once had this desire and I’ve never heard anyone talk about it in real life. Is this a real thing?
Attention gamers of Reddit. Your in a situation where your video games are know where to be found, and your in a crazy family. How do you deal with it?
When was a time you felt like an asshole for what you did online?
What was something that your parents told you that you couldn't do but you ended up doing it anyway? Do you regret not listening, why or why not?
What do you wish you knew when you moved into your first place alone?
What is the best real life rivalry of all time?
Playboi Carti’s Kid Cudi song: Kid Cudi song was up on YouTube and Spotify for a while and it was such an awesome song. However, it was taken off and I can’t find it anywhere. Does anyone have the MP3 file or a place where I can get the song?
What's a secret that would get you "cancelled?"
Are we ever going to get over Covid-19?
What genre or subgenre of music from a previous decade do you want to make a comeback in the 2020’s?
People of Reddit, what's the weirdest/strangest thing you've seen at a gas station?
Most painless way to commit suicide?
Sanatation workers, what was the weirdest thing you ever found while on the job?
What is your most recent nightmare?
In 40 years, what do you think you’ll be most nostalgic about?
What’s your recent lay-off story? What is your next move? How can we help?
Those who have/had cancer, at what point did your symptoms concern you enough to go to the doctor?
What's the most impressive thing you've ever done?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
If you could "upgrade" any member of your body, what would the member and the upgrade be?
What’s the most expensive meal you’ve ever eaten and did you enjoy the food?
If you could switch places with someone for 1 year who would it be?
People who planned their kids, When did you know you were ready for a child?
If you could rewind life, where would you go back to first? What would you do?
Gender identity, if someone looks female but identifies as male how do you ask them if they can get pregnant?
Which game (video game or board game) creates the most intense rivalries?
how do you help someone who is hearing voices?
Guitarists of Reddit, what was the thing that embarrassed you the most and almost makes you quit playing guitar?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
Whats something men can do better during sex?
Pilots of reddit. What are some of your scary stories?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
Why have the option to be able to downvote your own posts?
What subreddits are there for lewdly personifying objects and other things?
With neoliberalism a dumpster fire what values and strategy should the USA go forward with instead?
men, has a woman ever intentionally passed her gases in your face. if so, what did you do and how did it make you feel?
Is there a good free Pdf editor ? I have to add text to a bunch of pdfs but can't afford a full version of adobe
Redditors that got your dream job, how is/was it?
You are in a situation where your video games are know where to be found and your in a crazy family. How do you deal with it
Have you ever hurt yourself while playing video games? If so what happened?
What is the strangest thing that was lastingly improved or ruined for you by association with an ex?
Adults of reddit, what is your favourite childhood memory?
People who beat your parents on an argument, How did you do it, and what happened later?
Extroverts that recharge their energy levels by being in social situations, how are you holding up at home?
Which has been your favorite movie theater experience?
If you could invent a holiday, what would it be?
People who are still happy right now, how the heck do you stay happy?
Dear AskReddit, what is your scariest childhood memory, and is the memory scarrier now that you are an adult ?
Do you think the housing market will crash anytime soon as a result of quarantine and covid?
Would 'The Office' (US version) be as popular if it was released for the first time this year?
Redditors that love to shop, have you experience your delivery being affected during this time? What's your favorite shopping site?
How has staying home affected your routine?
How do you feel about politicians who have spoken negatively about you or your business?
How did you get yourself out of a toxic friendship?
What changes are you going to make to your life after this is all over?
Reddit, can you write a song about the civic crisis using only one comment thread?
When a woman violently castrates a guy, exploits and destroys his manhood, his most vulnerable parts and genitals - is that physically, psychologically and emotionally as violating, traumatizing and damaging as r***? Why/why not?
What is some secret code you have with your best friend/sibling?
Do you fault the band Disturbed for the current state of affairs, why or why not?
How good (or bad) are you at saving money?
[Serious] What makes you want to talk to someone?
What is some music that is similar to the song faceshopping by sophie?
Military personnel of Reddit, what's the most ridiculous punishment a commanding officer gave a subordinate?
What was the most awkward conversation you ever had with someone?
You immediately teleport a few feet to the right, what is your new situation?
To all pet owners, how has this whole stay-at-home thing affected you and your pets?
Can you remove a human-made product, how would you fuck the world?
Have you ever gotten an injury (sprain, blister, break) from playing video games?
Reddit. Your sister's boyfriend was invited to Family Dinner but there's a bomb in the lasagna. What do you do?
How many ghost pepper extract DROPS should I do every 7 comments?
Gamers of Reddit, what video game broke one of your best friendships and how?
Building-repair workers, what unusual or interesting thing have you found while working?
What do you think was your high school’s biggest scandal and why?
When was the last time you really panicked?
Which actor has the greatest range?
People who carry wallets: When you open your wallet do you keep your larger bills to the front or to the back?
Is coronnaviruus a hoax? Why?
What was the last text message you sent?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
Are you going to make any changes to your life after this is all over?
Answer this , what would u do if you woke up tomorrow and there is a zombie apocalypse going on outside?
Do you think any part of your personality needs to be improved? If so, which part and why?
You are the answer. What was the question?
What is one thing everyone should do in their 20s?
What is your story of being the savior in an “Is anyone on the plane a doctor?” type of scenario?
Are there any communities that are for talking about Cultures?
Has anyone else had a mama massage? If so how did it feel?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How would you end up as a character in Stephen Kings the Stand?
People who’ve run out of toilet paper, how are you making do?
What small creature would be scary human sized?
What if a reddit could reddit and reddit could reddit?
Which is better? Clash of clans or Clash royale?
Who is the weirdest person you've ever met?
For gamers. What is the most weirdest creeper incounter you’ve ever had
Dear reddit, what is ur scariest childhood memory (and is it creepier now that you can remember as an adult and maybe pick apart things better?)
What is your best "I thought they were joking but it turned out they were being serious" story?
What would happen if Elon Musk went full communism?
What was your favorite question here on AskReddit ?
What was that thing we said we were going to do?
Do you think humans will survive long enough to evolve into something different or will we make ourselves extinct before we have the chance to?
What is your favorite Broadway musical?
Anyone got any stories of being the savior in an “is anyone on the plane a doctor?”-type scenarios?
Which fictional world would you live in?
You wake up and you are ethnically Malaysian and so is everybody else in the entire world. How do you feel?
What’s your favorite Tupac song and why?
You have 30 Seconds to get in the most trouble you can in during quarantine. What do you do?
Will the handshake go away after this? If so what should replace it?
What is the most bizarre hobby you have ever seen?
What percentage of a relationship does sex actually consist of?
Hunters, what's the most creepy thing you've seen in the woods?
When was the last time you were so drunk you passed out?
What jobs are still available in this extinction level event we’re living in?
Linux users, why do you use linux over windows or mac?
What do you hate for no particular good reason?
What year do you wish you could go back to and why?
What is your guy’s favorite SNES game?
“If walls could talk they would tell a story”. The walls of which building would you want to talk to and why?
What's your favorite late night snack?
What are your views on swearing?
Who is the best hero turned villain and vice versa?
What are you exactly doing as of right now?
How would you describe being drunk to someone who’s never been?
What is one of your favourite memories?
What is your favorite meal to make for dinner?
For those of you who think the Star Wars prequel trilogy is good/better than the Star Wars sequel trilogy (this is coming from someone who only likes The Original Trilogy by the way), can you explain why?
People of reddit, how are you doing?
Redditors of various cultures, how do people fuck up your native dishes.
How did you find out you were ugly?
You are playing your favorite video game and suddenly, one of the characters comes to your aid when you are having issues. What character would it be?
What makes you truly happy?
you're doing a project and you have to scare the teacher by bringing only 3 materials what are they?
People whose name sound like something else, when has a stranger made a joke about it?
What would be happening if YOU were the leader of the US right now?
Favorite family dish to make for dinner?
What kind of discoveries and inventions do you think will be made in the next 20 years?
People who put dislikes on youtube videos, whats your story?
What are some movies that everyone should watch?
What do you miss most about the way of life you once had in 2019?
Who do you think you are?
For any Legends of Zelda fans: Name a time, wgamehile playing a Zelda , where you failed so hard, you’d post it on r/facepalm. (This can be from any game from the franchise)?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
so i live in south east england and i can hear a high pitched ringing sound which caused me a pain in my head so i searched the internet and it said it could be tinnitus but then my brother also heard the sound so i messaged my friend about it who lives close too me and she could too i need answers
For those of you who struggle with anxiety and/or depression, how do you personally visualize/describe the 'bad' feelings?
In your opinion, what is your least favorite body part and why?
What’s your favorite quote?
What's the equivalent of "simp" for corporations?
What's a food/drink that takes you back to happy times?
Why are Americans obsessed with toilet paper. They can use a combination of water and toilet paper, or water jet, like European countries. Why only TP with no water?
What's your funniest incident where you sounded like you were being sarcastic, but weren't?
What is the biggest things holding you back?
what does your initials spell out?
What is your favorite Xbox game (not Xbox 360 or Xbox one. The original Xbox.)?
Describe your job in the worst possible way without saying what your job title is?
When was the last time you felt satisfied with every aspect of your life?
What's your "life isn't fair" story?
When was the moment you realized Corona was worse than you initialy expected?
You suddenly appear on the stage of America’s Got Talent. 1,000 people are clapping and cheering. The crowd goes silent, and Simon Cowell tells you to start. What talent do you perform?
What’s your go to drink at the bar?
You suddenly appear on the stage of America’s Got Talent. 1,000 people are clapping and cheering. Then, the crowd goes silent. Simon Cowell tells you to start. What talent do you perform?
So this person who was supposed to be my friend shot my car 3 times &amp; I have bullet holes in my 2019 car. We still owe money on it. We called the cops &amp; presses charges but they didn’t take him to jail. What will happen from here &amp; how do I get him to pay for putting bullet holes in my brand new car
What did your partner or spouse suddenly say or do that made you realize you don’t really like who they are?
How much reddit is a good reddit reddit?
She was there a time in a movie where you wanted the bad guy to win?
During this quarantine, what is everybody doing to improve your lives?
People who have made best friends online, how did you first meet them?
If you were an object head what do you want for a head?
what is the most easiest way to earn money on the internet?
What if one has acid reflux, is one at increased risk of severe complications if one gets C0VID?
Why do some people ask questions here on Reddit, and then get mad at people for not giving them the answer they want to hear?
People who religously use coasters, why?
Who’s your favorite Pokémon?
Why can rockets fly if there is no air in space to push against?
What should you never say to a cop?
When this is all over, what's the first thing you want to do when you're free?
Why, just goddamnit why?
What's up with these shitty mobile game ads? Like, do people actually install games because of them?
At what point does a chicken nugget become a chicken tender?
Gym Goers of reddit, what happened to your gains?
How did things turn around really quickly while they were going great for you?
why are reading books and similar hobbies viewed as good while playing video games is bad?
What would've happened if the sun rose from the west?
What is the worst Ask Reddit question you've seen?
Why aren’t windows made of one way mirrors?
What is something worth it in life?
What's the most romantic way to respond to a fart?
Why are you so stupid?
What are examples of people seeking a cease and desist to try and gain notoriety?
Doomsday preppers, when do you believe it will happen?
In your area of expertise, what is the best textbook(s), website(s), and/or other resource to quickly (within days, if not weeks) learn the 80% of what you know? Via the Pareto principle. Assuming, theoretically, we had some free time over the next month to learn it from now :)
If you could change anything about football what would it be?
What is worst: Live only in the past, only in the present or only in the future?
What gesture can completely melt your heart?
What are some of your nightmares ? And what happened in it ?
What was the soundtrack to your teenage years?
What are some tips for a first playthrough of Red Dead 2?
What is something you’ll never get to do and wish you could?
If you could choose they way you'll die, what would it be?
What are some good reptiles to keep as a pet for semi-experienced keeper?
What are some must-watch Hollywood movies?
Criminals/emergency people who have been on TV shows such as Cops, Live PD, Live FD, ect. How has your life been impacted?
What is a piece of technology under 100$ that has changed your life?
What’s the most bone-chilling fact you know?
Would you rather eat poo flavoured candy, or candy flavoured poo? And why?
Redditors that sleep on their stomachs, where do you put your head?
You’ve dropped your phone into a 8x8m dam roughly 2m deep, how do you get it out?
Who's still awake? How's it hanging tonight?
Why do friend groups tolerate that one annoying person that makes every gathering less fun?
What is an industry where in people have a love-hate relationship with, and why?
[Serious]Lawyers, what's the worst thing you've seen that began with "I'm not a lawyer, but"?
When has someone made you hate what you loved/liked?
Highschool teachers of reddit, what is the biggest transformation you've seen in a student?
How often does the AskReddit bot deny your post?
What is the fastest way to make enough money to buy 375,000 mallards?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done out of boredom/to pass the time during this quarantine?
Guys not finding promiscuity a desirable trait will be illegal soon. What’s next on the agenda?
[Serious] What are the reasons Nikola Tesla's ideas are still not part of the Elementary/High School system?
What is the most positive thing to happen to you on reddit?
How did you crack your phone?
[NSFW] Is there a song or piece of music that arouses you or greatly encourages a sexual mood?
What's the worst way that a school lesson or activity went wrong?
What lesson have you been taught recently?
How would like to be loved ?
What are you doing right now?
What tangible unit of certainty do you have?
Redditors... What thoughts keep you awake at night?
What's a food combination that sounds gross, but actually tastes good?
A company is trying to advertise their product on Reddit. How would they do it best?
Your new name is now the first 3 letters of your mothers name and the last 3 letters of your fathers name. What's your name?
What are some celebrities/YouTubers that don't deserve the fame they get?
What is it like being a young, attractive guy?
Humans now have a memory span of one day. What happens?
Adults of Reddit. What's something your parents did for you as a child that you now benefit from as an adult?
What goal seemed impossible at first, but you accomplished it?
What do you do if someone asks you who your celebrity crush is and you get embarrassed?
If whatever you wanted on your birthday was forced to happen what would you want?
What’s the best part about giving up alcohol?
We should a build a disaster box, in light of recent events, what should we put in the box, besides toilet paper?
What is a chemical everyone should know and why?
Doctors of reddit what is the scariest experience you have had in a hospital(serious)?
It's 4/20 all month! What's the one high experience that is most memorable for you?
What are some things that brings meaning to your life?
Reddit, if a person had $200 extra to donate this month, where would you recommend it go to?
Crazy high school stories?
What is the modern day equivalent of comedy cliche like 80's dog peeing on a fire hydrant or a safe falling on someone's head?
What movie deserves all the praise that it gets?
How often do you feel connected to something greater than yourself?
Guys who grope women in public: Why do you do it?
How do you feel about the fact that what we're facing now is basically just the common cold on steroids?
What f’d up sh*t has China done lately?
What’s The Act Of ‘Thinking’?
Reddit, When you shower,Do you shampoo or body wash first?
How are you supposed to hold a Sten SMG? By the mag, or underbarrel?
When you were told you were going to be a father how did you react?
Reddit, where should I donate money to this month?
What’s a good book to get lost in after a break up?
When did you know that you found "the one"?
Since people probably have a lot of time on their hands at the moment, what are some of your favorite YouTube channels they can subscribe to they probably didn't know existed?
what's the best way to kill time on internet now?
How can you convince a coworker that a mental day off in the middle of the week is ok? They dont ever call in but the stress is huge right now. How can you convence someone with such a strong work pride?
Where is the best hiding places to hide valuables from burglars?
Threesomes: As a man or woman, would you rather 2 men and 1 woman or 2 woman and 1 men? And why?
If all good people get reincarnated as dogs. What do evil people reincarnate as?
Since I have a lot of time on my hands at the moment, what are some of your favorite YouTube channels I can subscribe to that I probably didn't know existed?
How many ducks is needed to take over the world?
What is the first thing you are going to do after this is all over?
Why does the end justify the means?
Parents, Why do you love your children?
What is your favorite snack from Trader Joes?
Redditors who text frequently, what’s one way a misspelling had major consequences?
What is your favorite non sexual act of intimacy?
If you lost your sense of taste, what would you eat that you normally don't eat?
Whats the biggest exaggeration of a situation you've ever seen or heard?
What’s terrible today but will be awesome in 50 years?
What is your advice for late 20s going on into their 30s?
What will we call the COVID-19 baby generation? Korona-Kids?
What is an amazing comeback, that needs a specific situation for it?
For those who have had to postpone or cancel bachelor/bachelorette parties, wedding showers, and/or weddings because of Corona, what are you and your SO doing to manage the plans?
What was a plot you made in your mind that was so good that you started to make up an entire story out of it? What was the story?
Why can't you see yourself?
So we all know the incredibly famous film white chicks right? Wrong. One of my closest friends has just told me he had never so much as heard of it. Is this normal? Did I think it was much more important than it was? Is it not as big of a deal to other people? Is he an alien?
How is is possible for a family to be infected and 1 daughter only gets a stye, while the rest have fevers and coughs?
[Serious] What's something very strange or unusual you want to eat?
What are some online 'date' ideas for when you won't be able to see your SO in person for a long time?
men with big ding dongs. has a woman ever said, ITS TOO BIG. How did that make you feel?
How did the "I'm so smart bacause I watch rick and morty" trend begins?
What’s your next goal?
What is one thing that is universally agreed upon?
What’s an open world video game you dislike and why ?
What's your favorite video game and what do you like about it?
If you want to describe your life with a movie name .What would it be?
[Serious] What are some ways to make money during these stay-at-home times?
People who do drugs, how does withdrawal feel?
What small thing makes you feel like everything is going to be ok?
Is there a search engine that isn't controlled by a foreign entity or one not owned by a giant corporation that would give results unfiltered?
What was hugely hyped up but flopped?
What is a song or a video that would give you goose bumps now?
What star, that you were in love with as a younger person, absolutely did not keep their looks?
What are funny ways to say "yes"? Such as "does a three legged dog swim in a circle?
(NSFW) Redditors what's one of the most disturbing things you've seen out your home window at night?
What are governments actually using all those spy satellites for?
Redditors who have perused through other Redditors profiles: What have you seen that you wish you didn't?
Seriously, why Westerners love stinky cheese but hate durian ?
What just doesn't make any sense?
Redditors, what do you miss most about your everyday lives?
How do you get rid of a stye?
Given how hard NYC and many parts of Europe have been hit, do you think this shows that having widespread public transit is a bad idea? Why or why not?
What’s the one food that you will never eat again?
What are some fun games or ideas to do with friends and family over video chat?
Why are some swear words without any naughty meanings still considered bad and we’re not supposed to say them? Hasn’t enough time passed? Why is it like you have to be this old to say this word?
Who should fuck off in particular?
Why is Variety allowed to bash Louis CK when they are essentially harassing him for doing nothing?
Redditors, pick one person you know. How did you meet?
Humans of Reddit, in these times of stress and uncertainty have you been able to find a positive perspective?
What can you say about some businesses claiming they have 50 years experience in something then find out that they are a team of 10 with 5 years experience each?
How many redditors are normal and leave the pegs on the clothesline?
Who should fuck of in particular?
What's it liked being married to a chef?
What fast food restaurants seal their food bags when using uber eats or delivery services?
How am I supposed to perform the rape with all this social distancing?
[Serious] What do you think about rash generalizations against either men or women?
Redditors, who’ve been on house arrest, how does it compare to now having to stay at home?
What's the most disgusting sexual act you've committed?
How you been dude?
[Serious] What is the most painful thing you've ever gone through physically, and what caused it?
What's going to be the next global disaster?
What do you think about after an orgasm?
[Serious] What is a good way to deal with narcissists?
What motivates you to look at a person's Reddit account?
Are hospitals hiring for any positions? I want to be able to help any way I can
Gamers of Reddit, what game do you hate the most, and why?
Look away from your device. The first thing you see is your superpower what would it be and what would you do with it?
DND Players, What was the Nat 20 moment?
Redditors with read receipts on, why?
(Wrong answers only) What happened to Carole Baskins' husband?
What medication are you on?
Redditors, whats a good way to discreetly avoid answering someone’s question?
What is something people should enjoy more ?
What food is typically eaten with others but you enjoy on its own?
If Subreddits Were Traded Like Stock That Went Up And Down Depending On Votes, Which Subreddit Would You Invest In?
LGBTQ+ people of Reddit, who is the hardest person you came/have to come out to?
How to make a sandwich?
Which companies in America have shown they value money over lives during this time?
How did you get to be the way you are?
Need help ASAP. How do you help somebody who hears voices telling them to kill themself? According to her, medication has never worked.
What is actually the worst sickness you could get?
What was the weirdest thing you been told you were doing while sleepwalking?
Former bullies of reddit, what made you stop?
People who’ve had near-death experiences, what would your last words have been?
How did you get on Reddit?
Redditors, whats your best dessert recipe?
Whats up with you?
What are the top 10 albums of all time ?
What companies have taken care of their employees during this time?
Why do you hate fortnite?
LGBTQ+ people of Reddit, who is the worst person to be outed by for you?
What is your most chad moment?
What happened to Carol Baskin’s husband?
In prison or jail are you allowed to ask what other people are in for?
What’s the worst injury you have seen where the person did not receive medical attention, but should have?
Computer builders of Reddit. What are the best parts that you put into your overkill builds?
What’s one book you’d LOVE to be the main character of?
What is the best thing that ever happened to you completely unexpectedly?
Why does the word lasagna have a "G" in it?
What are your thoughts on your parents choosing what college you go to? Does scholarships and overall cost play a role? Why?
If you had two years to make a million dollars legally, how would you do it?
What video game/ movie had the most impact on your life and why?
What companies should Americans stay away from due to their horrible response to the virus and how they treated their employees?
What interesting things have you found from sticking a Q-Tip up their butt?
What is the oldest youtube video that you remember?
Authors of reddit what is your story?
Who is much mote brutal, Kratos or DoomGuy?
What is your do it at home haircut horror story?
Fast food workers, in this time of crisis, has your company provided any extra training in how to prevent cross contamination?
When was your last human hug?
What is your system that helps you condense value through words so that you end up typing out diamonds?
What's your "Wrong place at the wrong time" story?
If you could place a streaming camera anywhere in the world, where would you choose?
What are signs of emotional abuse?
Because of COVID-19 most companies are waving fees, which is the best one to take advantage of?
What subreddit sounds good on paper but sucks in reality. Why?
If you knew that tomorrow was your last living day, what is something you'd want to get off your chest?
In these times of much needed escapism via media and the written word, where should one start and why?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
Has a VPN ever worked for you? When it didn’t how did you know you were hacked?
Redditors, what is the most fun but worst experience of your life?
With the current tiger king craze. What is a documentary you think everyone should see?
What is the best comforting subreddit that everyone should know specially in times like this?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
What is the best method for cleaning a room? More specifically a bedroom?
What are some of the worse/weirdest pickup lines you ever heard/read?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
Pick any band, but now that band is replaced in its entirety by the Tiger King. What band do you pick and why?
What's a dream you always fantasized about as a child?
Redditors of Reddit, what would you want your tombstone to say?
Snackers of reddit, what is your favorite bag of chips?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
What are some of best/funny pick up lines you have ever heard/read?
[Serious] What is the most important thing in making a relationship work?
what are the reddit awards for?
Driving Instructors, what’s your best story?
What have you learned about society in the last month?
Women of reddit, what small thing has a guy done to make you go from not liking him to liking him?
How rare was it to see a 300 pound person in the 19th century (1800-1899)? What changed?
What pokemon look like they taste good cooked up?
Why are people so stupid?
What’s a weird thing that makes you happy?
If corona would be affecting only certain class of people, for eg. the poor, then would it be still considered serious, and declared as pandemic?
Would you travel to Mars and leave earth? Why?
You have been entered into a contest where you must create as much chaos as possible in 24 hours, with one rule, it cannot be traced back to you. Whats your plan?
Too much of anything is never good except for what?
What's a stat (song you've heard most in your life, how many ppl you've made out with, restaurant most visited, etc) you wish you had about yourself?
If you could name a plane, what would you name it?
Redditors, what was the best-worst experience I’d your life?
When do y’all think Lucifer season 5 will come out?
GSP vs Khabib, who you got?
Private investigators, what were some of your most interesting cases?
[Serious] I am convinced I am going to die, and I don't know why. Help. (I'm not suicidal, and it's not preventing me from doing daily activities) It's just like a recurring thought like if I'm watching youtube I'll think "hey your gonna die soon do you really wanna do that?"
What's your go to radio station on GTA 5?
Redditors, what is a recipe you highly recommend people try making during this time?
What are some working from home life hacks?
What is your favorite mobile device?
What’s one of your achievements that is insignificant to others, but important to you?
What would have happened if Vader wasn't Luke's father?
What jobs can totally prove that "not all heroes wear capes"?
How should we divide China and how long should we enslave the Chinese people for reparations?
What’s one job machines could never take?
What is your Zoom horror story?
Favorite mobile device?
If u could know at any point in ur life, when you will die, would u choose to see it?
Chefs of reddit, what is a recipe that you highly reccomend people trying making?
What is the most embarrassing app you have on your phone?
How do we know “if its meant to be, it’ll be” is true?
What is the worst thing you have done to/with your assistant at work?
Where did you get your sense of humor from?
What's something that you never had or tried but would like to experience it?
What is the first thing you would say/do if you met your long lost identical twin?
What do you wish you didn't know?
What’s something no body has asked you but want people to know?
How do you fun communicate with feelings remotely?
For those of you who hoarded items at the grocery store, why did you do this?
If you could teleport into a video game and live there, which one would it be and why?
My roommate and I were talking. So, during our conversation I asked "When you're counting days, do you count the day that you're on, or do you wait until that day is finished to count it?" He was like 'that's a reddit question', so here we are. Thanks in advance!
Redditors, what is your go to recipe?
What skills do you possess, to aid you in the apocalypse?
What do you call a movie that shows the story of someones entire life ie Riding in Cars with Boys, The Butler, Benjamin Button etc
do you really believe that if its meant to be, it’ll be?
Whats your best “Final Destination” death?
I always wondered if I met a mega celebrity, how would I react, you know, an actor who brings you countless hours of entertainment. So reddit how would you?
When did you realize you might be different?
How do you get a sex change?
Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, is not married to his pregnant girlfriend. When do you think the United States will elect a president whose has a baby momma?
Redditors, what is a good habit you have developed that you think everyone should do?
When you burn a candle, where does the wax go?
If you had a superpower what would it be?
What is it that you truly desire?
What's a life lesson you learned the hard way?
If fast food employees are now fiercely loyal to their corporations and a fast food civil war breaks out, what would the conflict be like? Which fast food corporation would have the best soldiers and weaponry?
People of Reddit have you ever had a possible encounter with a cryptid? If so what happened?
What did your cake day bring you?
If your pet ruled the world, what would society be like?
You get to pin one post on the front page of reddit for a day, what do you post?
What has been your biggest HOA horror story?
College students of reddit, what is one thing you wished you knew before you went to college?
What TV shows do you love but got into to late?
What would you reccomend someone try as their first drink/cocktail ever when turning 21?
What is the worst thing you have seen happened at a grocery store after isolation was announced?
How would you end The Simpson's TV show?
When did you have an encounter with a criptid, gost , and or beast?
What sub is for sharing our moments of chance good luck?
Students of Reddit, How did you deal with those "tough ass" teachers?
You’re hosting a trivia night for some friends, what’s your best question and answer?
Reddit users, why a dog eating with spon should scare me?
Why are cops weird?
People who don't tell their friends you love them, why don't you? Is it weird for you?
What was taught to you in school that you later learned to be entirely false?
What gets an unnecessary amount of love?
How did you guys think babies were born before you came to know how reproduction works?
What's something you really want to say to your SO but can't say because of some reason?
What is one thing you absolutely love about yourself?
What's the most annoying sitcom that has a rerun block on TV Land and why?
Redditors, what is the best way to stop caring about what others think of you?
What’s a good question to ask?
What are some fun websites to waste a lot of time on besides Reddit?
What gets an unnecessary amount of hate?
Reddit, using a complex description rather than the name, what is your favorite game?
Why do you think it’s inherently wrong/right to fantasize about your friends sexually?
Restaurant and gig workers who are out of job, what are your plans moving forward once this all passes?
Pick a movie and an actor/character. They are now replaced by Nicolas Cage. What movie do you pick and what charcater?
Are you alone in this universe because of your own insecurities? Why or why not?
To Plunge? Or Not To Plunge? If you have a guest in your home &amp; they clog your toilet with a #2, who is ‘responsible ‘ for unclogging it? As a side note, there’s no plunger in the bathroom. Is there a rule of etiquette for this situation? I’m genuinely curious.
Professional Sex workers / pornstars of reddit, what convinced you to start your career?
How do you tie a tie?
Who knows the show 'Doug'?
What is the most evil thing you ever saw someone do?
What did you "learn" at school, but later realised was just the teacher's opinion?
What have you done in the last four weeks that you normally wouldn't have done?
The apocalypse has arrived and you end up sharing the grocery store of your choice with a survival group. What aisle do you camp out in and why?
How did you learn to cope without substance abuse?
Why are tits the nicest and the firmest when u are about to get your period?
People who have visited one of the Disney parks, or people who have worked there, what was your best memory?
What is one good thing that has happened in your life while you've been in quarantine?
People that have quit their 9-5 job to do something else, what is your job right now?
How did you learn to cope without substance abuse? Ex. Drugs, alcohol, cigarettes, etc
People of Reddit have you ever had a possible encounter with a cryptid? If so what happened? [Serious]
What’s the highest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s something you do that you’re not supposed to do with your job?
What YouTubers under 50k subs do you like?
Without saying the name, What is your city/town known for?
What is the smallest thing that makes you lose your temper immediately?
What are some simple yet interesting hacks or tricks related to chemistry?
What is to you a friend?
How many of you current or past pizza delivery people have ever been propositioned for sex by a customer or someone who isn’t the customer but wants the food you have?
Do you think that by constantly using a slur it makes it less offensive over time and will it stop discrimination? (Please read the description)
Which Ism makes you pissed off the most?
From ranch dressing to honey mustard to BBQ sauce and everything in between - what is the best dipping sauce for McNuggets?
How do you get a post to do well in this sub?
What would be some features of an “adults only” theme park?
Long story short I need some weebs to recommend me some good manga. Could you help me out please?
Bartenders of reddit, what’s your go-to phrase for subtly cutting people off.l without upsetting them and does it always work?
What is the craziest thing about the universe?
What is the angriest you've ever been at an inanimate object?
What's the best prank that happened in your school?
What was your biggest cause of anxiety 4 months ago? What is your biggest cause of anxiety today?
How long do you think it will take before Justin Bieber comments on this post?
When did a person get pissed at you for telling the truth?
What are great songs (a la Don’t Stand So Close by The Police) for a Quarantune playlist?
If it could talk, what would your car say about you?
How different would Harry Potter have been if Ron and Ginny got together?
What is your Crazy-Ex story?
¿Qué es lo más loco del universo?
What do you like, but can’t explain why?
If it could y’all, what would your car say about you?
How to calm down anxiety attacks or panic attacks when worried about the fact you could have one again?
What’s something you own, but you couldn’t afford it if you bought another now?
What is the weirdest thing that you have ever seen at someone's house that they thought was completely normal for them?
If your animals could talk, what would they say about you ?
Meth makers of Reddit. How was your experience watching Breaking Bad, and how does it live up to real life?
What have you learnt about a family member or SO during isolation?
What's a good cliché caveman name?
Lucid dreamers, what was your favourite dream? Can you describe it?
[Serious] Redditors with blind family members or friends, how well are they able to understand sight without being able to see themselves?
What are the silliest events in history?
What are you struggling with?
How do lesbians have sex?
Gamblers of reddit: whats the most obscure amount of money you lost and how did you lose it?
What’s your room/house mate horror story?
What unfortunate events do you think will occur this month and the months to follow for 2020?
It’s 2040. We’re all in the same situation that we are in now. What do you do differently?
Reddit, what’s the most badass thing someone should have on their bucket list?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the weirdest but still related question you've ever heard?
Would you rather have a human die or a pet (dog, cat, etc) in a movie?
What song are you listening to at this exact moment, and what does it mean to you?
Truckers of Reddit, what are the most dangerous stretches of road in the USA?
What’s something that’s really easy to do but sounds sort of impressive when you say you know how to do it?
If you could pass any law, which everyone in the world had to obey, what would it be?
Alright, Reddit. What are some of the best 'Bring it on' moments in cinema?
What are some of the most overrated classical pieces?
Would you be more or *less* likely to trust someone if you found out they had their genitalia removed so they could live a life of "purity", and why?
Why aren’t relationships/marriages lasting like our grandparents generation? Let’s talk about it, what’s your opinion?
Why don't most fat people have will to change their lifestyle?
What is the single most delicious substance on the planet?
What are some NON-sexual experiences that one could also describe as orgasmic?
Redditors who had a wedding planned for this Spring/Summer, what's the plan now?
What are some ways people can volunteer during this time?
How would 'Silence of the Lambs' be different if the story took place now during the age of high speed internet and social networking?
Men of Reddit: What’s your best manscaping story?
What is the most close to being a Sci-fi thing that ever happened in your life?
I have seen everything on here 2-3 times so what are some other cool sites or apps?
If you could only eat your meals with either a spoon, knife, or fork for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
What are some ways people can volunteer during corona-virus?
What is the scariest story or experience you’ve ever had?
[Serious] When did you have to abandon a friend or a close one on the spot?
people who went back to school for an mba, how much did it actually help your career/earnings?
What is the scariest night shift you have ever had at your workplace?
Reddit. Choose The Muppets. Keep one Muppet. The rest are live-action actors. What actors play which Muppets and which Muppet do you keep?
What's the oldest thing you own?
What is the worst tv show/video series intro song you’ve ever heard?
How many times should you be the first one to start a convo?
What is the most significant thing you’ve learn while traveling?
Why do you hate supergirl?
Whats a movie thats generally regarded as good but you dislike?
What’s the weirdest thing you have ever made?
You're Stuck On a Desert Island, What 3 Movies Would You Bring?
Why do celebrities post trivial details about their lives on social media and expect that the rest of us care?
If a premium version of sleep were to exist, what features would it include?
What are some funny steam names?
What was something unexpected that provided you pure, genuine joy ?
If you could remove 1 letter from the alphabet, which one?
Is the curve flattened now? Why?
Would it be possible to be as good as Batman at fighting in just one lifetime? Why or why not?
How to deal with personal loss? - Lost a best friend to drugs three years ago. But haven't been able to properly absorb these emotions until now when stay-at-home has given me all the free time in the world to contemplate it all. I'm 35 now and its taking me apart. Help?
Reddit, what is your NSFW secret that you are proud of?
What cartoon/animated character do you most identify with, and why?
What is the best US airline you have flown on?
Is it okay to be In a LDR where you constantly have to wait for your significant other to talk to you?
What are some underrated music producers that you would recommend?
Reddit, how and what age did you lose your virginity?
In Florida it’s “stay one alligator length apart”. What is your state or province’s measurement for social distance?
What’s an odd thing you do with your body?
For those that believe in the paranormal, what experience convinced you it was real?
Men with massive dongs what's it like?
What's a stat (i.e. knowing what song(s) you've heard the most, what restaurant you've eaten at most, how many people you've made out with, etc) you wish you knew about yourself?
Who is the most insufferable human person you have ever met?
People of reddit, who do you hate most in real life and why?
What was Reddit's lowest point?
whats the weirdest compliment you’ve ever received?
When a woman violently castrates a guy, exploits and destroys his manhood, his most vulnerable parts and genitals - is that physically, psychologically and emotionally as violating, traumatizing and damaging as r***? Why/why not?
What is a food you are craving right now?
Redditor's who have or had Cov nineteen, what was it like?
What’s something you keep doing that you know is wrong?
What is the creepiest thing you have seen a NPC do in game ?
Redditors whose post made it to hot. What do you think made you stand out?
Is it ok to share lipstick with someone you aren’t romantic with (friend, family member, etc.)?
When did you decide to quit a friendship? Also what makes a bad friend?
Women of Reddit: if you were a boy, even just for a day, would you roll out of bed in the morning and wear just what you wanted and go?
Police and security officers of Reddit , with shops hardly open, less people to rob on the streets and everyone at home. How has the crime dynamic shifted ?
I really would like to have a top 10 list telling me the songs I've listened to the most, what's a stat that you wish you had for yourself?
Do men always get an erection when looking at someone they find attractive?
Whats an awkward thing you’ve seen a friend do that you played off as normal?
why is the idea of homeless boomers so funny?
How do you think struggling alcoholics and drug addicts are doing at a time like this?
How strong is your pullout game?
What current conspiracy theories have you heard of?
What is your daily quarantine routine?
People who have had plastic surgery, what did you get done and why?
Gamers, should I get wreckfest or gta?
Realistic zombie advice time. What's some feasible planning you would advise to your friends and family?
For redditors in law school, What was your worst horror story or cold call experience in law school?
Is it ok to share chapstick with someone you’re not dating (friend, family member, etc.)
What is your "I almost became rich" moment?
Why are people so damn stupid??
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What’s the new movie about?
What question do you ask the most to people?
How did you find out you were adopted?
Photographers and Videographers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you’ve done to get a shot?
Best pickup line?
People who voted from trump last election, and did not vote for him the election, what was your reasoning?
What has been your favorite post/comment you’ve ever seen on Reddit?
Who is the most badass person you have ever encountered?
What would you infer about somebody who has never had any siblings, yet has an immense fetish for sibling incest?
Married people of Reddit, when did you know that she/he was the one?
need help ASAP. I am having short breath and a few days ago had very bad acid reflux. typing now feels not normal and i feel like i am not of it. no fever, no cough, nothing. i need some advice on what it could be ?
Military members of Reddit, what do you love and hate the most about your job?
What is the weirdest non-enforced law in your state?
What movie or tv show character has an occupation that wouldn’t correlate with how they live their lifestyle?
What are your thoughts on China vastly underreporting?
What is the most annoying phrase/question everyone says to you?
What sorts of perks would be included in the premium version of sleeping if it existed?
To those outside America right now, how are they reporting the corona virus situation in America?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's the nastiest food you tried?
Why are redditors so hung?
Medical staff of reddit, what do you think when someone says "thank god" in medical situations?
If you could take any movie and switch one character with a different character that actor also played, what movie and characters would it be?
What are your thoughts on cosmetic surgery?
Does anyone know the title of the book that says there are 2 people you meet in life? One for kids and one is soulmate?
[NSFW] Those who have paid for sex, why, how was it, and would you do it again?
Medical staff of reddit, what do you think when someone says "thank god" in medical situations
How come when you want to buy a pack of 8 hot dogs you have to also buy a pack 12 hot dog buns? Why don’t they just sell 8 buns and 8 dogs? Why do the make you buy 2 packs of buns and 3 packs of hot dogs just get an even 24 when you only need to feed one person?
What’s the most memorable back-handed compliment you’ve ever received?
What is a show you were obsessed with as a child that everyone has forgotten about?
What contributes to increasing login attempts on your email and its accounts, and potentially getting your accounts hacked or stolen?
(Serious) What are some of the most disturbing/creepy Wikipedia pages you know of?
What is the planet Venus like on its surface?
Women of Reddit, what can men wear to repay you for yoga pants?
What are the funniest quotes/memes you’ve come across related to our current times?
How have pandas and sloths survived throughout history?
I always wondered if I met a mega celebrity, how would I react, you know like an actor who brings you countless hours of entertainment. So reddit how would you?
If you had the chance to change any actor/actresses from any movies/tv shows who would you have replaced or removed and why?
Does anyone else here miss when they first made their Reddit account and got to discover everything for the first time?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor? (can be generic and simple like just "vanilla" or you can be specific with brand, store, etc.)
Former Atheists of Reddit: What made you suddenly believe?
Driving instructors of Reddit, what’s the worst/weirdest experience you’ve had with one of your students?
In your opinion, who’s an F list celebrity?
Preppers of Reddit or those in contact with preppers. How are you? What has worked/not worked out with your preparation?
What sounds completely true but isn’t?
What small inconveniences are happening in your life right now?
Who should you call when even the police is on the "bad guys side"?
I locked myself out of my Chevy Cobalt 2010 and do not want to call a locksmith. What do I do?
What is one thing you will do differently after the quarantine?
What has been a major turning point in your life? Such as what’s an event that really taught you a good lesson, or something that showed you how real an incident could be? Whether its a good wholesome story or a horrible accident that killed someone, what is it?
People of reddit, what’s something, that’s better when it’s homemade?
What was the best example of "wow... small world" in your life?
Movies/T.V shows always show performing the Heimlich as something easy and soon forgotten. People who have actually had to person the Heimlich maneuver, what’s your story?
Cops of Reddit, what was the funniest/dumbest reason someone got arrested?
What if a man who identifies as woman have sex with a straight woman, is it lesbian?
What’s your weird niche hobby?
What creeps you the fuck out?
Who should i call when even the police is on the "bad guys side"?
[Serious] What percentage of the world population will probably be sick of this plague?
Graphic designers of reddit, what is one project you hated the finished outcome for that your client loved?
How does Reddit affect your mental health?
Cab drivers of Reddit who have been told “Follow that car!” What’s your story?
When will they come out with water cooled laptops?
What’s the difference between religion and mythology?
What’s your story of someone introducing you to someone but that person your introduced to you already know each-other?
What movie is so bad it's actually good?
Paparazzi of Reddit, how are you making ends meet?
If you were the new reddit bachelor/bachelorette, which subreddit would you take your first one on one?
People who have saved someone’s life: What’s your story?
[Serious] What percentage of the world population will probably be infected? Will everyone get infected at some point?
[Serious] What's something you've tried that you will never, ever, ever do again?
What is your "safe for work" curse word?
[Serious] Contrary to popular belief, what are some good things the United States actually does better than other countries?
Okay here we go again, without saying the name what’s your top 5 list?
If you could have a B-List superpower that make your life a bit easier, what would you choose?
What's the worst thing that a teacher has ever said to you?
Do you know of someone who has attempted to climb a mountain, and if so, what happened with that?
What is lesbian sex?
What song do you shamelessly twerk in the mirror to?
What’s the most common sense thing you’ve had to tell an adult?
Exchildren of reddit: What differences were there between you and your siblings/cousins/friends growing up that let you know they were born into a different generation than you?
How bored are you? Why or why not?
A guy walks into a Walmart and starts coughing and sneezing while waiting on the line, what happens next?
Is it normal to fantasize sexually about your friends?
Not children of reddit, what Is one toy or object that you can never let go of, or has very high significance?
What are the red flags in photos on tinder you look for ?
Can anyone help me find the title of a book I read years ago?
What is a sport in your opinion that is unnecessary and SHOULD NOT be a sport?
Porn actors/actresses of reddit what are your crazy story's? Also is "work sex" the same as "relationship sex"?
What’s your favorite hobby?
What personal factors/flaws would lead you to recommend that someone should never attempt to have a relationship?
What would you kill for right now?
People who recovered of self confidence issues how did you do it?
What movie did you watch to the end then thought well that was stupid?
You’re confronted by an anti-vaxxer. What do you say to them to change their mind? [serious]
What are some signs that you need to get laid?
If you couldn’t live in present day, what time period would you want to live in?
What's something strange that you've witnessed while hiking or camping in the wilderness?
Why or Why Not is a Hotdog A Sandwich?
Is it unfair to allow my oldest son (18) to have soda at dinner when I don't allow my younger kids (7,12) to have soda?
People who are diagnosed with schizophrenia and take medication and/or therapy, how does it work for you? What skills do you use to combat hallucinations/paranoia?
Who is quarantining with parents they don’t get along with right now? How is that going?
Why slide into DMs with no intentions of talking and just complimenting?
What was your childhood favorite chocolate bar and did that change over the years?
How do i cop with my dog dying (who i was VERY close with)
Where's the official subreddit list?
What question have you ever wanted to ask your SO, but you can't?
Redditors in open relationships, what do people not in open relationships misunderstand about open relationships?
What made you stop visiting a website?
Those of you who hoarded toilet paper at the start of all this, how did that decision play out for you?
What ghost stories were passed down in your family?
How often do you feel sad ?
What’s your biggest regret?
If you suddenly become hospitalized and a friend or family is given your personal items, what content on your phone would you worry about them finding?
What’s the biggest mistake of your life?
For those of you that have participated in game shows, how was your experience?
Do you know of someone who has been mountaineering (attempting to climb mountains)?
When you build/built Legos and a part requires assembly more than once, do/did you build them together piece by piece or one at a time?
When was a time that you unexpectedly connected with someone over a common interest?
What is the real life equivalent of being spammed online?
What restaurant will you visit first when this crisis is over?
What are some of the weirdest mailboxes you've encountered?
Why won’t the real slim shady stand up?
What made you want to join Reddit?
What are the requirements desired to be able to post onto r/teenagers?
People currently attending virtual schools, what is it like?
When can I post to r/teenagers?
Which movie is great and why: Just Mercy Vs Dark Waters?
What just feels right?
[Serious] It’s 2050 and our children/grandchildren are writing novels about the current (deleted) Era. What aspects are they romanticizing and what record do you leave now to set them straight?
What's something you've eaten that you'll never eat again?
How did you meet your spouse?
You're a space long hauler, whats your ultimate music playlist?
What’s something you’ve unexpectedly been missing the past few weeks?
How did you feel when you kissed someone for the first time?
How do you define success?
Why can an amusement park camera capture your face at 70+ mph but a bank camera cannot catch a criminal’s face who is not moving at all?
(Serious) Why would someone think that a person chooses to be gay? What’s so advantageous about being gay?
Imagine one day you woke up &amp; the entire world was filled with water &amp; you could breathe underwater, where would you swim to first?
What are school clubs like in America?
What was your biggest accomplishment as a kid? What is your biggest accomplishment to date?
What’s the difference between religion and superstition?
If you could make 32 giant centipedes appear in anyone's stomach, who would you pick, and why?
Why are you currently feeling the way you feel?
What have you learned recently?
Redditors that have crazy neighbors, what have they done to you to make you call the police?
Reddit, what’s you’re most awkward encounter?
What is your all-time favorite meme format?
If you had a Mr Meeseeks box what would you use it for?
It’s been said that a penny a day keeps the phlebotomist away. What are your thoughts on post-capitalist Marxism?
What's an underrated band or artist that you feel deserves more recognition?
What is the best film that never got made?
Reddit, if there was an option to Nuke the entire world, quickly and painlessly now, do you think thats a good idea? Why?
Is Doja Cat hot?
What are some easy home cook meals?
What does the monster under your bed look like?
What is so wrong with sleeping with your socks on?
What was your schools senior prank?
What do you regret selling?
Do you feel like you pay better attention to what kids are doing while parents are busy? If so, what are some of the craziest things you witnessed them get away with?
What was a time when you didn't know whether to be impressed or disgusted?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever overheard in public?
You have to say your favorite phrase/line, but make it sound like a verse from the Bible. What do you say?
What game are you currently addicted to?
Redditors with have crazy neighbors, what have they done to you?
What do you secretly do that you don’t tell most people about?
What is something important to you, but probably irrelevant to others?
Ex-Inmates of reddit, what is the stupidest thing you’ve seen/done in jail?
Potheads of Reddit, how are you passing the time?
When did you put too much trust into someone?
What are some well known "secrets" of your related work or dream industry?
Soaring no expense, could we build a giant nuclear powered rocket and use it to dislodge Earth from orbit? What would such a thing look like if we could?
Without saying the name what’s your favourite video game?
[Serious] How can high-risk patients under Safer At Home orders obtain scheduled medications (not legal for mail-order pharmacies, and not safe to go to a retail or HMO for pick-up)?
Who do you talk to to feel better?
Redditors, what's the best ominous line?
What was you schools senior prank?
What movie was so disturbing it Left you feeling shook?
What are some crazy encounters that you’ve had with celebrities that people wouldn’t believe if you told them?
What is your closest "I almost awoke to a new world" moment?
[SERIOUS] Adults of Reddit, how much harder is Adulthood than life as a Teenager?
Do lesbians think objectifying thoughts about women they see in public like men do? How do they reconcile be exploitative and demeaning to women?
What’s your Ouija Board story?
What schools was you senior prank?
What’s the worst thing your HOA has does or has done to you?
Would you put everything on hold for a year, to sail around the globe, exploring islands and native peoples? How would your friends/family handle that?
People who have shaven their heads for fun: was it worth it?
What's the worst job you ever had?
If you were to find out you only had a short time left to live, would you start a bucket list and what things would be on it?
Who’s your favourite redditor?
Hey Reddit, if you had God like powers and were required to try and fix the world, what would you do to humanity?
Suprise, it's holy week! How is your local church "persuading" you to join God this week?
What’s holding you back?
Dear Reddit, during these rather boring times, what is everyone's fav. Board game?
[Serious] For those who are uncomfortable with profanity, why?
What do you think is the line between personal preference and simply being shallow?
What types of things would be on your bucket list if you only had a couple of months to live?
What's a strange event that left you dazed and made you question reality?
What have you been binge watching with all of your free time lately?
[Serious] How can high-risk patients under Safer At Home orders obtain scheduled medications? Not legal for mail-order pharmacies, and not safe to go to a retail or HMO for pick-up.
Redditors, which game (computer, tabletop, etc) radiates the most nostalgia or the best memories for you and why?
Which movie/TV character would you shelter with and why?
A guy walks into a Walmart and starts coughing and sneezing while waiting on the line, what happens next?
What's the best way to start learning acoustic guitar? Essentially zero experience. Thanks for any advice! x
What are some good standard grocery items to purchase to give to some neighbors in need?
What book should be essential reading and why?
Is Shrek your daddy?
Much like being in love with something that you are allergic to, What is one cruel joke that the universe has played on you?
What would be creepy as a kid but normal as a adult?
What is your top 5 favorite candies?
What is your Best/Worst "I watch too much Anime/cartoons" moment?
Have you ever met someone in your dreams who felt like they were real or said they were?
What TV series do you wish you had never seen so you could watch it for the first time?
What is your dog or cat from hell story?
Alright Reddit, I’m tipsy and bored. Give me all your crazy theories as to what caused the Big Bang. God? A.I. Super computer? Scientific Evidence? Spaghetti Monster?
What song do you want played at your funeral?
What is a stereotype from tv shows about American High school that you hate?
What is something you regret that you wish you could change?
What is your worse bad habit?
Minecraft Server runners, what are some useful and essential things to know when starting and operating a server?
What’s one item you shamelessly stocked up on while everyone was in the TP aisle?
What’s your dream car?
If you could re-experience one thing in your life for the first time what would it be?
NSFW Ya mum locates that sixty terabyte file of lesbian midget porn on ya hello kitty laptop. What do ya got to say for ya self?
How did you know that you've found your true love or however you want to call it?
What are your red flags and how, if at all, are you working to change them?
Which song is your favourite uplifting song when you’re feeling down?
How much are mint condition $2 dollar bills worth?
How to block/hide certain subreddits from popular feed?
Men of reddit, have you ever shaved a Hitler stache? How long did you keep it?
Redditors that browses this subreddit in "new" how often do you refresh the page ?
What gadgets are in inspector gadgets dick?
men with big ding dongs. has a woman ever said, ITS TOO BIG. How did that make you feel?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever said and realized it too late?
If you were to make a video game what would it be about?
What’s a popular food that you personally think is totally disgusting?
How Do You Pass Time In These Difficult Times?
[Serious] Say a grandfather lives on the other side of the country and is dying from you-know-what, but there is nothing the grandson can do about it. What would you say/link to distract the grandson?
Women of reddit, in a restroom with numerous vaccant stalls and only one is occupied why do you choose the stall RIGHT NEXT to that occupant?
What do you think happens to helium balloons that fly away?
What is something you own that you're 100% sure no one else in the world owns?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in another person's home?
What's some of y'all's this person is crazy horror stories?
What is the most satisfying moment you've ever had in a video game?
What is a crazy story you dont have the context for?
What event would you rather die than live through?
What are you watching right now?
What was your responce to the last r/AskReddit question you answered? No context. Just copy and paste it.
What are the pros and cons of waiting for marriage to have sex? Does it make sense in the long run?
What was the most NSFW moment you've seen at work?
We have another disaster in 2020, and you get killed, how and why?
You now have the ability to turn anything you want into toilet paper what do you do?
Redditors who support PETA — why?
What was a time that you didn't know weather to be impressed, or disgusted?
What conspiracy theory is most likely true?
Why has Mr. Clean abandoned us when we need him most?
What gives you the heebie-jeebies?
What do you miss the most from pre-isolation status?
When did you realize that you fell in love with a hobby?
If there was an alien invasion, who would be the representative of Earth?
What does it say about a person if they only like pale colors?
Trans people of reddit one of my friends recently came out as trans (male to female) and has made a FB account with her new name should I call her by her birth name or the new name? I don’t want to be insensitive and hurt our friendship by asking the question in the wring way.
What are some weird webpages you've bookmarked years ago?
What design did you have on your metal safety bracelet in elementary school?
People who have cheated on your so before how do you deal with the thought of being caught?
Redditors that have a different sex drive than your partner. How do you make it work?
What is your opinion of the Cosplayer Community?
What’s a unique, but tasty, dessert?
What do you wish you did a month ago?
What would you be doing right now if Covid-19 didn’t exist?
What is the best thing you have ever gotten/someone did for you on your birthday?
Why Could they afford so little vulnerability even as children, that they NEVER really felt everything they could have?
What are some corny, cliche, iconic 90s comedy movies?
Could they afford so little vulnerability even as children, that they NEVER really felt everything they could have?
What quote from a video game would you use as your senior quote?
Fellow Redditors, what is one conspiracy theory that shook you?
What's the worst decision you ever made?
Why why why why why?
What was your " just wanna die " moment ?
Redditors who died of Pneumonia caused by current circumstances, what's up? How's it going?
What are some fun, creative things to do during these times?
Who is the luckiest person?
What is the craziest thing that happened in your childhood that you didn't realize was crazy?
What’s the one thing you should be doing that you’re not doing right now?
What are some new, creative things that you are doing to kill time during the pandemic?
Teens of Reddit what extremely strict rule did your parent/guardian force you to do?
Why are actually convinced they were born with fewer, than? Don't they remember being a? Could they afford so little even as , that they NEVER really felt everything they could have?
Who are you when you're by yourself?
Dominatrixes of Reddit, can you tell us about your job and how it’s going right now?
What is your favourite hobby right now?
If you were not prohibited at the moment what would you be doing?
How can you get better at forcing laughter?
People who have met your favorite celebrity or athlete, how did it go?
Whats the weirdest thing that has happened to you while being isolated?
What do you do that you think you do better than any one in the world?
What are some internet or technical acronyms that can be easily changed to something funny?
[serious] People who went through an existential life crisis, how did you get back to your normal self?
What is something creepy that has happened in your house that is unexplained to this day?
Could so little even as , that NEVER really everything could have?
Is "Fake Nostalgia" a real thing?
How have you almost killed someone?
What app have you downloaded recently that made you question your personal knowledge of using technology?
Without saying the title, what’s your favourite movie?
Dear peapol of Reddit, whats up? How yall doing today?
whats something that would be heard to explain to a blind person ?
What are your best childhood memories?
Is wearing a diaper around your face a safe alternative to wearing a medical mask, why or why not?
What movies have the power to make a kid laugh and an adult cry?
What is your favourite instrument and why?
are actually convinced they were born with fewer, than? Don't they remember being a? Could they afford so little even as , that they NEVER really everything they could have?
what made you happiest in the last 2 weeks?
If you made a time machine and you can only use it one time what will you do ?
What would be a great game show idea?
What's your favorite quote from animes?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
What's your meaning of life?
Which came first the chicken or the egg?
Would you prefer to be able to see without smell or to hear without taste? Why?
What is on the perfect burger? And in what order should condiments be placed?
Why is Dracula Seen Reading the Bible and Yet a Cross is One of His Weaknesses?
When a political opinion is stated as such that it can be interpreted in a way that suggests that this question is over, please explain. Why?
You always seem to be extremely anxious, insecure, and self conscious from past embarrassment (which could've been brought on by others). How would you stop feeling this way?
When in a relationship what is a total deal breaker for you?
If you were given the opportunity to do a reality show on any channel, what would it be about?
What is a non-racial stereotype about you, that you hear frequently?
You're about to write a book about your life, what would the title be?
What is the best country to live in the world?
What's the scariest thing that happened to you today?
What's the most surprising historical fact you've learned?
Movers of reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve had to move?
What is your favorite sound?
Reddit, where is the exact center of a roll of toilet paper?
What is the best single player video game?
What of your PRICILAGES (having a jog) have been take away thanks to the current situation due to the covid-19 virus
Anti-vaxxers of reddit, why?
You're about to write a book about your life. What would the title of it be? Go!
What’s your biggest regret in life?
Who’s the oldest person you’ve ever met? When were they born and did you ever talk to them about their life when they were young?
What’s your funeral song?
Whats a movie with a really interesting backstory for how it was made?
Redditors, what’s a song you love from a genre you hate?
Can you guess what pornstar whomI share name with?
What celebrity are you mentally dating?
Truckers of Reddit, what strange things have you seen while on the road?
At what age did you lose your virginity?
What is labiaplasty?
What is your weirdest reddit/social media experience ever?
Americans, why don’t you guys include tax on the displayed price of your products?
how do i tell my parents i don’t believe in jesus?
What would be sold in a medieval Hot Topic?
What fun projects did you do at home as a kid?
What's some of the weirdest things you've seen in a grocery store?
What’s something that turned out to be more useful than you thought?
Pranksters of Reddit, what was your best April Fools prank?
What gender specific rule at your school caused an uproar?
What’s on your mind?
What’s a strange combination that surprisingly works?
What's your plane on dating?
If America spoke “American”, how do you think it would sound?
What’s the best thing about 2020 so far?
Call of Duty fans of reddit, what is your favorite Call of Duty game and why?
What is, in your opinion, the best sandwich?
What are some good streaming series to get into right now?
Women of reddit, in a restroom with numerous vaccant stalls and only one is occupied why do you choose the stall RIGHT NEXT to that occupant?
What is the most embarrassing question you ever asked somebody?
What is, in your opinion, the creepiest stuffed animal you’ve seen?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever given or received?
What’s the biggest thing holding you back in life?
If you could get a sequel to one video game, What would it be?
What are the most satisfying/rewarding things to build?
What's the first place you will go to when this is over?
What is it likely to live in U.S.A?
Hey Redditors, what’s your question?
What are some ways to make a squeaky ceiling fan quieter?
What is the best/worst YouTube channel?
Have you ever lost a fight? If so what happen?
What's the most stupid/ridiculous thing that made you cry or very upset which leaves you embarrassed up to this day?
What’s your favorite gaming system?
How did you confess to your crush your feelings about him/her?
People with garlic allergies, how have you coped with not being able to eat garlic bread?
Students of Reddit what was that kid that you hated but couldn’t do anything about it. What did He/She did and why you couldn’t do anything about them?
When will this gatcha life thing end?
TSA. Since there’s been a lot of people panicking, worried, etc. What has been the weirdest thing you’ve found?
Dentists of reddit what was the worst thing you see as dentist?
What are you pursuing that you will acquire?
[Serious] What moment from NOT listening to your gut saved you from trouble?
What’s something you didn’t realize was as useful as you thought?
People with bipolar disorder, how much did you spend while manic?
What are the best classes to take during your senior year of high school?
Any platforms to donate to people who have been impacted financially by COVID-19?
What would you put in a 10 year time capsule to yourself?
If you learned anything from school that you use on a daily basis what is it?
You are now trapped in the last game you played, and enter the worst possible position you could have in that game, what happens?
What is your weird science fact?
What’s your dream job?
What are you guys going to do for your fifth day of 4/20?
What's the most financially safe way to self destruct?
If someone is killed and the father(because he is probably their guardian, it's just an example) of the victim forgives the killer, what happens to the killer? Are the charges dropped? Does he do less time in prison? Does it even make a difference?
What is a new thing you know about your neighbors now?
What is your "huh, this is a pyramid scheme" story?
When, in middle or high school, did someone go way too far for attention?
So how will Easter look like for you this year? How will you change things up?
Whats your best favorite thing to get at wendies?
What do you miss?
What’s the pettiest reason you’ve turned off a porno ?
During this quarantine time, what is something we should be all be giving regular maintenance to but may not be super obvious since we would otherwise already be doing it on our normal routine?
Programmers of Reddit. What is your favourite language and why?
What is the coolest thing you’ve ever done, but couldn’t tell anyone?
Do you ever feel embarrassed that you use Reddit when lots of people hate it?
What concepts are good on paper, but terrible in execution?
If you had 2 minutes to grab what you can in the room that you are currently in for a zombie apocalypse, what would you have?
How do you make unlimited gmail accounts?
What serious events happened on April 1st that wasn't a April Fools prank?
How do you make an AskReddit post blow up?
What is your weight loss story?
Americans of Reddit: what state is your state’s best friend?
Vanilla or chocolate ice cream? Why?
When was a time you felt the most alive?
Are you proud of your car? What do you drive?
Taxi/Uber drivers of Reddit, have you ever been asked to follow another vehicle? How did it play out?
People who didn't support Trump in the 2016 election but do now, what made you change your mind?
Why are you still here?
What food mix seems to be weird but is actually good?
What's something supernatural that you've experienced and can't explain?
What was the most insane thing a student did at your school?
You try your hardest to use the force to pick up the tv remote and it actually works, what do you do next?
How many times have you lost the game?
What is the weirdest or most interesting dream you’ve had?
What song would you like to be playing as your life flashes in front of your eyes before you dye?
What movies were panned when they came out, but people later realized they were actually good?
If life went back to normal right now how would you celebrate?
With only $25 in your bank account, what do you buy to make yourself happy?
Does anyone know what girl Madison beer dates? Genuinely curious since she just came out as bi?
What’s the story behind your Reddit username?
How do you want it?
[Serious] Factory workers who make items like surgical masks, hand sanitizer, and toilet paper, how has work changed?
What’s the best perk of your job?
How and/or where would it be most important to volunteer your time and efforts right now, for those who are willing?
Tell us about the fattest shit you've ever taken.
Take the percentage that your phone is at, find the closest book, and flip to that page. The first sentence describes your future, what is it?
What's a good way to mess with someone's mentality?
How do you feel about social security recipients receiving a stimulus check?
What causes the reddit android app to regularly just drop out or fail to download in the first place?
What would be the worst, most damaging non-alcoholic beverage to be put in an iv drip?
People who have lucid dreamed, What was it like and how'd it feel like?
What extremely awkward situation can most people relate to?
Is it true for reddit?
Do you believe trans woman are real woman and if yes, why?
What do you get when you cross a mentally ill loner with a society that abandons him and treats him like trash?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What is the weirdest internet rabbit hole you have fallen into by mindlessly browsing?
To Cat Owners of Reddit, What's The Stupidest thing your cat has done?
What's the oldest pair of shoes you own And why do you still have them?
What's the most financially safe way to self destruct my being? asking for a friend.
If your favorite tv shows, movies, anime, manga, etc were 1% more realistic, what would drastically change?
What news stories are we not hearing?
[Serious] How is life today BETTER than it was in the 90’s? We see and experience a lot of nostalgia for that time and I want your thoughts on the flip side of it.
Hey reddit, if you were a serial killer how would you get rid of the bodies?
What would Trumps Karma score be ?
What if you were an Alien trying to blend in with humans in a metropolis like LA, what steps would you take to ensure your survival?
What are some sketchy/juicy questions that would be interesting to ask your friends?
Female ex-inmates of Reddit, what was the dumbest thing that you saw someone do on her first day in prison/jail?
If Trump is so dumb, why is he arguably the most important person on the planet?
Which essential workers are NOT getting enough recognition right now??
What is your government doing right and what are they doing wrong during this pandemic?
[Serious] Have you or do you know anyone who has played with a ouija board with life changing consequences?
What’s something popular that is also absolutely stupid?
What's something people are into that you just simply don't or won't understand?
People of Reddit, how was your first night sleeping next to your partner?
What are some "Get broke quick" schemes?
Tall girls of Reddit, do you use heels? Why or why not?
When did you feel the most uncomfortable/awkward?
If you are allowed to have a superpower during a zombie apocalypse, what it will be and why ?
What’s your unusual jacking off technique?
Do you feel you have a purpose in this world? Do you think you’ve fulfilled it? Why or why not?
What made your highschool years terrible?
What's a genre of music or band/artists you loved when you were younger but absolutely hate now?
What food do you really want to eat right now?
What movie from your childhood would you be open to see getting remade?
What is at least one thing you want in life and how do you plan on getting it?
What would you do, if you had your own Doraemon?
Residents of the state of Georgia. How do you feel about your governor admitting that he just found out on 4/4/20 that patients with corona virus can be a asymptomatic and still spread the disease? When the CDC announced this months ago (and the CDC hq’s is located in Georgia).
What kinds of things have you been doing since isolation to help out your friends/neighbors/community?
Emergency workers, what was the most ridiculous reason you were called?
What is *at least* one thing in life you want and how do you plan on getting it?
[Serious] What is a genuine worry you have right now?
What is something popular that is so retarded you’re surprised someone even thought about it?
If you could invent/discover/manufacture a new drug, what would you call it and what would it do?
What's a song you hate that gets stuck in your head?
Parents of 5 years olds what time do you normally find yourself going to bed?
What is your preferred method of wiping, standing up or sitting down? Why?
Sex shop workers of reddit. Have you seen people enter the shop who you know? If so how did it go?
Why is it that no stores have toilet paper but there's still a shit load of hand soup?
People say: chase your dreams, what about chasing your ambition?
Women of Reddit how many of you shave down there? Do you do it because you want to or because society expects you to?
What celebrity would you be friends with and what would you typically do together?
What job did you want to have as kid, but what actually ended up happening and why?
How cool would it be if you could take your eyeball out and smear the back of it on paper and have a perfect image of what you see in your mind right there?
Whats the most awkward family situation you've ever witnessed/been a part of?
What new behavior do you think will continue after the pandemic is over?
When all this is over, are you going to do more things within your local community? What are your plans?
Whoa. Hey Reddit, play a delightful song?
A magical oracle will give you a to you logically understandable, emotionally fulfilling and 100% true answer to one and only one question. What do you ask?
Where is the most beautiful place you have ever visited and why?
What are your favorite classic rock rock songs?
If you could bring back one more season of one more show. What would it be?
People that were bullied at school - what extreme/obscure actions did your bullies do to you?
You can only eat one meal for the rest of your life. What is it?
Whats the longest amount of time youve gone without pooping?
What is the biggest conspiracy theory you’ve heard of?
Which SNL cast was best?
What is a movie that you thoroughly enjoyed but seems like no one else has seen it?
What are your thoughts on eating while pooping?
What would be the plot of a book based on your user name?
Dudes of Reddit, how would you feel if you discovered that God was solely contained in your Fleshlight? Use it anyway?
If someone held a gun to your head and said “you’ve got 5 seconds to get a song stuck in my head”, what do you say?
What's your best Deja-Vu story?
Which is better, porn or hentai? And why?
What was it that made you realize the person you were with was the one?
What is some good advice for someone contemplating their first self-haircut?
What is love?
redditors who didn't vote for hillary, why are you sexist?
What from childhood to adulthood, "lost its magic"?
Hey Reddit, what are the COVID-19 conspiracy theories you've seen so far?
Stay at home parents, how do you feel seeing other parents suddenly struggling?
What deserves to be a Unesco heritage site but currently isn’t one?
Is it unfair to allow my oldest son (18) to drink soda at dinner, but not allow my other kids to drink soda (7,12).
Alright reddit, what would be the two most ridiculous Movie/TV show plots (An example being, Bird Box monster things are the plot of the Apple TV series “See”) smashed into one film or show?
With all that is going on in the world, how do you distract yourselves?
What task in real life gives you 1xp?
What's your country's version of a redneck?
Did cumming always refresh your senses?
How does the US seem to end up with such ridiculously bad presidential candidates?
What is the best Superhero movie, TV show, or video game of all time?
How is the stay-at-home life going for you? Are you enjoying it or is it tough?
If your birthday was a color, what color would it be?
For those who are 30+ and single.. what’s the longest gap you’ve taken from the dating world ?
How would you advertise your city/state/town to someone who was interested in moving there from a big city?
Soldiers of reddit, what is the funniest thing you remember one of your fellow soldiers doing?
What happens if you put pop rocks up your ass?
What is your favorite drunk question?
What is wrong with Joe Biden?
Why is zoom better than Discord?
What show did you love but was axed for not doing too well with other viewers?
Y'all ever have those horrific thoughts but you know better to not act on it?
What confuses you the more you learn about it?
What are some weird thing you did/were told to do growing up to be “polite” but turned out to be really dumb?
What is the last ethically questionable thing you did?
What do you want sexually now, more than ever before?
What early video game (pre-2010) has the most nostalgic soundtrack for you?
What’s something you can do that no one else knows?
Which are the coolest free courses going around these days for students?
You magically get to make one change to the world to cause the most chaos, however if anyone notices that one change everything returns to normal, what change do you make?
People of Reddit, how are your toilet paper supplies looking?
If someone you know was lost in the woods since January, and they had no access to the internet until now; What would you tell them?
What is something you thought you where against untill you tried/learned something about it or the side you supported?
What’s your favourite story to tell?
What is the coolest or most awe-inspiring thing that does not get enough social media exposure/attention?
SCP fans of reddit, what SCPs powers would you choose?
What’s the best super hero movie?
What’s the biggest flex you’ve ever witnessed?
How many war crimes have you committed?
People who made the choice between a partner and a dream, how did that go for you?
What is your vice?
People of Reddit, what mind-blowing situation made you stop believing in coincidence?
You get to have one attribute (function or appearance) from three different animals. What do you pick?
How long have you been on Reddit?
Reddit, what were your "one day we'll look back at this and laugh" moments?
What’s something that’s popular but you absolutely hate?
People who didn't contribute to group projects, where are you now assholes?
What's your best "oh shit that's due" procrastination story and did you succeed in completing the task?
What is a meme/video/something that you used to think was hilarious when you were younger, but now think is cringey?
What was the weirdest dream you ever had?
If a cure/vaccine is developed for Covid-19, who should get it first and why?
What is a good question to ask r/reddit
How did an enemy in your life become a good friend?
What is your advice to a virgin for her/his first time?
If today was your last day, and tomorrow was to late, could you say goodbye to yester? If today was your last day?
Why don’t you talk to your sibling anymore?
What do you do when you cant sleep?
Reddit whats your favourite movie Im sorry If this question has been asked before This is my first ever post
What’s the one thing you’ll regret not accomplishing with all of your newly found free time and resulting increase in procrastination because you put it off until tomorrow?
If you could have one small but meaningful wish come true what would it be?
What interesting trends have emerged as a majority of the world’s population continue to ‘shelter-in-place’?
What is your exact address?
What are some ways to improve your house in animal crossing?
What’s the best flavor of ice cream?
How are your holes?
What in your opinion is Trump's most completely bonkers statement or complete utter lie he has every said so far?
Sewers of Reddit: Looking to buy a sewing machine. Under $500. What would you recommend?
You are transported to the start of a video game of your choice. You get to choose one ability/item/power/thing/etc. from anywhere in the game to start with. What game and thing do you pick?
Have you ever spied on someone? What happened?
What do people in your country eat after having their wisdom teeth removed?
users of Reddit, what fuels your hatred towards emojis?
How many times can a post be deleted from ask Reddit for incorrect grammar? Not every Reddit user is an English major.
What positive things can we learn about being locked in our homes?
Men of Reddit, has post nut clarity ever saved you from making a bad decision?
How old are you all?
What are some of the best suit brands for a slim 5'8 Asian boyfriend?
What things positive things can we learn about being locked in our homes?
Five popular SCPs are in a cell together. Which one would be the last one standing? 096, 106, 173, 682 or 939?
What’s an opinion you want to explain?
Has anyone had a successful experience with continuing to live with an ex after a break up? If so, what's your story?
Best suit brand for a slim 5'8 Asian boyfriend? Recommendations?
What is one life hack you’ve discovered in the last few weeks that you want other people to know about to better help them deal with these tough times?
Where did you learn how to ride a bike? How old were you?
People who HATE video games, why?
What works better on a small screen than a big screen?
What does your country eat after having wisdom teeth removed? In the US and the UK, it’s a lot of mashed potatoes, yogurt, bananas, and ice cream. What do people in your country tend to eat after getting a tooth removed? Especially curious about the global south and non-western countries.
Where or how do you come across the motivation and inspiration to do what you love?
What was a time a student made a teacher cry in high school?
What is the Worst Movie You've Ever Seen?
Who is in your opinion the best and most interesting video game main character?
This might seem dumb but, ain't Canada better than America ?
People who lost their job due to this crisis what is your story?
What is your Tinder success story?
What extracurriculars did you do in high school? Would you recommend them?
What's the weirdest thing you've brought home from a night out?
Dear redditor. You have just started a BIG bar brawl. You get one historical character and one fictional character to fight on your side. Who will it be?
Why wouldn’t/don’t you do a video call to verify you are both who you claim to be before a potential hookup?
What's the most infamous crime of the town or city you live in?
What is the most scary (with respect to privacy) piece of technology that exists today?
What makes popping balloons so hot?
What is your favourite food?
[Serious] Are there places one can go if they want to study in peace during this time?
What’re some video games that have creepy backstories or meanings behind them?
What is an OPINION you have?
What was almost going to be your name when you were born ?
What was a time your high school teacher cried?
What's something you feel is important but is going unnoticed?
What's the worst thing you've gotten in your eyes?
Furries of Reddit, what was your “oh shit, I’m a furry” moment?
If you could eat one thing every day and not have to worry about health complications or weight gain, what would you eat?
What are some fun, easy games or apps for non gamers to download during this time?
Whats the first thing on your bucket list?
What amount would you like to donate to help a hospital network in nj stay supplied with masks and other ppe?
In what ways is kung fu panda historically accurate?
What’s your favorite thing about Reddit?
Beard growers of Reddit, what’s your progress so far since isolation?
If you went back in time, how would you pitch a now-famous product or video game?
What are some mind-fuck/mind-numbing TV series or movies?
[Serious] What was the most savage way you’ve broken up with someone?
Is kung fu panda historically accurate in any way, shape or form?
What is the worst thing about american culture?
People with pets, what's your favorite thing your pet does?
What’s the coolest trick you’ve a dog do ?
What are some movies that everyone should watch?
[Serious] Redditors who have won the lottery, what did you do with/happened to the money? Did you encounter any greedy people?
[Serious] Parents who are overwhelmed because they're working from home AND homeschooling their children, is there anything your child-less friends can do from afar to help?
What is your favorite bedtime story?
Redditors who have gotten plastic surgery, any regrets?
Lawyers of Reddit, have you ever had a client come to you that you just had to say no to? What was it?
What things you learnt from your first breakup ?
Reddit's readers, what's the most creepy story ever happened to you?
What is the one fear that you know is holding you back the most?
What is it that you guys desire the most?
Would anyone like to donate to help a hospital network in nj stay supplied with masks??
If you could switch one physical feature about you, what would it be and why?
Reddit what is the best thing you have watched during quarantine?
What job doesn't exist, or item that nobody sells. That you think would be successful?
Members of the military, what is your best guess about whether your leaders will uphold the constitution if Trump tries to stay in office once voted out/removed?
What have you lost interest in since being in isolation?
Who is someone you wish would get what they deserved reddit?
Who would win? Charge man ken or the laughing salesman?
You have 10 seconds to impress you crush what do you do?
What do you think about popping balloons?
Why do you think Carol Baskin agreed to be in Tiger King??
What’s the most interesting fun fact you know off the top of your head?
What Invention was created because humans are assholes?
What do y’all do when you’re watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes up?
What are your tips for masking the sound of noisy neighbors when you’re trying to sleep?
What animal is the perfect predator?
What is something you discovered that surprised you?
Previous burglars, what’s the craziest/weirdest thing you’ve ever walked into when breaking into some ones house?
What was your “my worst enemy turned into my best friend” story or “my best friend turned into my worst enemy” story?
What does y’all do when you’re watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes up?
What is a book series similar to the Percy Jackson series?
You get one wish, but the first person to reply to you has the ability to screw it over. What is your wish?
Why do some people experience different hangovers depending on the type of alcohol they drank?
Why do psychedelic drugs cause perceptions of interactions with “higher beings”, almost unanimously across various cultures?
People who have slept with a family/In laws what lead up to it and what happend?
What is your "unexplainable event" story?
What does everyone do if you’re watching a movie and a sex scene came up?
What is your favorite text based subreddit?
What is the easiest way to become famous on the internet?
Cake makers of Reddit. What is the most memorable message you were asked to write on the cake?
What’s an oddly specific talent you have?
What songs do you wish were more popular?
What’s your favorite lyric from a song?
If you've been denied unemployment for this crisis, what was the reason?
Those who attended their high school reunion, how was it?
You have a ability to send message to yourself 5 minutes in the past, what will you write?
Janitors of reddit- what is the nastiest thing you've ever had to clean?
AskReddit, What Was The Most Terrifying Moment Of Your Life?
Aliens of reddit, what was the best better get out of here moment on earth?
What's the most weirdest dream you vividly remember?
hee
What is something you find strange about yourself? [Serious]
People who work for social media companies, what's the worst reported user/incident you've seen?
What is a song lyric you have never been able to figure out that you would like explained to you?
What is super inconsistent that really should be much more consistent?
Settle a bet, do you wipe pee off the seat with your sock, if so why??
What is that honking reddit?
Reddit's readers, tell the weirdest and creepiest story that ever happened to you.
What is a song lyric you have never been able to figure out that you would like explained to you?
What’s a great song with a one-word title?
How does one use balefire responsibly?
Young people of Reddit, what is the most unbelievable story you ever heard from some old person?
My girlfriend just went live with her ex girlfriend, is that wrong or cool ?
What are some great hobbies to pick us during this time?
Married people of reddit, what's the biggest change from single/dating that married life has?
What’s your party trick?
What are some great hobbies to pick us during this time
People of Reddit, what is guilty pleasure song/band?
Girls of reddit, do you like it when your guy sends you videos of him wanking and nutting? If so, why?
What made you want to quit drugs/ alcohol?
How far along are you on that project you were planning to do while you're stuck at home?
What’s the worst thing your mother in law has said to you?
What's the scariest scam call you've gotten?
Aliens of reddit, what was the best better get out of here moment on earth?
What’s your idea for a superhero with a pornstar name?
If you had the ability to prove beyond a doubt that there either was a god or there wasn't, which would you choose and why?
What is a superpower that on paper sounds dumb, but is actually godly?
Service industry workers of Reddit, when was the customer definitely NOT right?
If you have a choice to shut down one thing from the Internet forever, what's going to be?
What is the luckiest thing that has ever happened to you?
Trump supporters - What is the one thing Trump would have to do, for you to stop supporting him?
If You Had Two Hours Left On Earth What Would You Do?
What meal was the most expensive you've ever had?
Currently under a shelter in place, so looking for some movie recommendations...what are your top 3 movies of all time?
What did you promise your self to do when you will turn 18 but never did it?
What is everyone having for dinner?
World, What are your recommendations for some good police procedural crime novels?
To all the redditors that had/ have thanatophobia (fear of death). How did/do you cope?
If someone dorsn't have a reason to live but also doesn't have a reason to die. What should that person do if he/she is sad?
The most badass person you have ever met.
You can have anyone you want In smash but they have to be from the last non smash game you've played! Who's in?
Who has a unique hobby and what is it?
What’s the best quote from a movie you love?
What good has come about from recent events?
Who has influenced you the most in your life?
What’s a song you wish you could hear for the first time again?
What is a song that moves you emotionally?
Which are the best ways to forget a mistake?
What “work from home” tip do you completely ignore?
How do you make a Democrat and Republican get on the same side of a fight?
Which is better? Dc or marvel?
Dear people of Reddit, why do you think the universe exists?
What's the weirdest show you grew up watching?
People in uncertain relationships who have written a pros &amp; cons list regarding their partner and their relationship. Did it help you find clarity?
Have you ever had a loaded gun pointed at you? What happened?
Hospital staff of Reddit: how does a day on the floor during Coronavirus look for you?
What are the best techniques/practices to fall asleep faster?
People who don’t use the percent battery left on your phone, how do best predict how much is left?
What’s something you’re proud of but can’t tell anybody you know?
What style of art is best done in the dark?
What song is basically the opposite of you?
What Are Your Best / Worst Coworker Relationship Fails?
Has anybody in an uncertain relationship ever written up a list of pros &amp; cons to help sort their feelings? Did it help?
What are some TILs that people will be posting ten years from now about now?
What's a mistake you've made and (if it was solved) how was it solved?
What something that’s fun but a lot of people will judge you for doing?
Dc or marvel? ( I’m all for marvel)
Who is a Youtuber/Celebrity that used to be super popular, but is not completely irrelevant?
What were you going to do.... before you got high?
How do you feel about 3M being the primary producer of N95 masks even though they are also being sued in a class action lawsuit for defective/misleading claims of their ear plugs that were used by military members for over a decade?
What pokemon reminds you of a celebrity, which celebrity?
what is the best tv series of all time?
Which urban legend do you consider to be an actual true story?
What's the thing that you loved in the past but hate now?
Ex-Convicts of reddit, what race rules the prison? ie. Caucasian, African American, Asian?
What makes you feel sexy?
How long does it take you to cook 2min noodles?
What event short of the world cracking in half would have to happen before you seriously considered the world might be ending?
What is your opinion on taking the top off Oreos?
What is something you have a lot of knowledge and or experience about that makes you question whether or not you could or should get paid for it?
What do you like about eating at restaurants?
[Serious] what conspiracy theory makes too much sense to ignore?
What’s the coolest old artist or band you know from your dad or just know in general that’s under appreciated?
Guys who drive obnoxiously loud cars, what is it like living with a micropenis?
What happened a the most dangerous fight you have ever been in?
What is Reddit Reddit?
What was the weirdest most messed up thing you saw someone else doing in public?
Imagine that you should speak in a voice like Batman’s for the rest of your life. How will your life change?
What is your zombie Apocolypse plan?
What’s a weird food combination you swear by, but everyone else wouldn’t be so sure about?
What's a secret a friend knows about you that could literally ruin your life if it came out?
[Serious] Is it possible to be happy without alcohol? Why?
Do Loud Noises Bother You? why?
What have your parents done/said to you that they think is normal but is actually really hurtful?
What would happen if Trump dies tomorrow?
Scientists of Reddit, What is the recipe for concentrated dark matter?
How do you feel about reddit censoring posts about China?
What is your favorite Elvis song?
When did post nut clarity hit you the hardest?
What are the most glaring potholes you’ve discovered in a book or tv show?
People that wear a face mask whilst driving by themselves, what’s the reasoning?
Educators of Reddit, what is the worst case of helicopter parenting you've ever seen?
Why is the Reddit mobile app so horrible to use, especially the videos?
Apartment owners of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you have ever heard going in your neighbors unit?
Would you deposit £10 to 365 for a sock ask what?
Rest stop workers of Reddit, what is it like working there, any horror story?
What is your favourite joke of all time?
Whats a secret thing you that would receive judgement or hate?
Who’s the weirdest person you’ve ever met?
Okay redditors! Which subreddit would you want to have deleted?
[Serious] With so many businesses closed and people staying home, what are the police focusing on? Is there any room for enforcement of the stay at home orders?
If you didn’t know, which items would you not know the purpose of?
What things you learnt from your first breakup ?
People who grew up with strict parents, what was your worst punishment?
If you could Teleport anywhere For 10 Minutes where would you teleport, And What would you do?
What is something everyone needs to do in their life?
Beastie Boys of Reddit, so whatcha want?
How would you tell your sibling who is fucking his/her girlfriend/boyfriend right now that it is time to eat dinner?
What realization did you have that completely blew your mind?
How many genders are there?
HVAC professionals of reddit, what have you found that was purposefully hidden inside air vents/ducting?
What if instead of American exceptionalism we had individual exceptionalism?
What’s a movie you’ve seen many times, but hope a certain part turns out differently each time you watch again?
Who's the most underrated YouTuber?
What's your tinder success story?
What are you waking up to every morning?
What explains the many similarities between Mexicans &amp; Indians (Asia)?
Brickleberry Park rangers of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you ever saw at the park?
You are now the Meme Police. What is your first law you enforce?
On your way to Heaven, Jesus shows you a Top 10 times you almost died video. What is your number 1?
Who was the most popular person at your high school and where are they now in life?
Sincerely Louis CK. For those who watched it, what do you think?
What was the worst catfish you've experienced?
What 2D non scary movie would become a scary movie if 3D?
Let’s face it, America has been a fucking time bomb for a while now, how long before anarchy is the new norm and what could one expect globally?
What questions would you ask a time traveller from 2050 and how would they be different from questions you would ask a time traveller from 2150?
So how did Carol get away with it all?
What would you have been doing tonight under normal circumstances?
Similar to Disney, what franchises are definitely in the same universe? What's a crossover that you really want to see?
What’s the best worst reality show?
So how is all this self-isolating playing out with other viruses that are less contagious than Covid-19? Is the regular flu season done essentially? How’s that curve look?
What's your favorite Pokemon?
How do you stop headline format after using ## if you dont want the entire comment to be in headline?
How did you epically trolled someone?
Redditors who have three balls, how is life different for you than it is for Redditors with two balls?
Reddit. What’s your craziest high school reunion story?
How powerful is Reddit’s comment section?
What less popular hobbies are you into?
Everyone has a favourite food or dish that instantly takes them back to their childhood. What’s yours?
If alcohol have a pH of 7 then akaline machine that produces acidity water with pH 3.5 could also be used as an disinfect?
If I know somebody who is high up in the antifa movement and has coerced people using violence with firearms, weapons, and illicit substances during my experience at a small liberal arts college who should I inform?
Who has professed their love to their bestfriend? How did it work out?
How many pages is your local newspapers sports sections now? What are they reporting on since there are now live sports?
Parents of Reddit, what was a time you caught your child doing something "innopropriate", and how did you react?
What movie you liked then you hated, and why?
What’s something you’ve done that seemed like a mistake at the time, but ended up being for the better?
People who are on the fence about whether or not you should vaccinate your kids, what’s your thinking?
Why did you join this subreddit?
When a famous basketball player dies, majority of Reddit started posting condolences and ‘feeling sorry’ for his death, yet when more than 8000 people die in a short amount of time, only a small minority really cares. How do you feel about this disparity?
Why is wearing socks with sandals such a fashion faux pas?
People who started a meme, what’s it like?
What’s your best [NSFW] tip?
Reddit, What is a habit you have but know it's wrong every time you do it?
You get to delete one subreddit. Which one do you choose?
If you could live life in any tv show or movies animation style what would it be?
What is the most ridiculous advice you've heard someone give that they claimed protected you against the current situation?
What is your city/town's urban legend?
What success tips/ self help book do people recommend, but it's actually horrible?
How did you discover masturbation?
When we kill our species and the next species comes around and digs up our remains, what will they find that will get taken completely out of context?
If you die tomorrow, and there is only LGTBQ gays to care about washing your dead genitals after, what would your friend's say ?
Pro gamers, What are some of the best tips/advice you've given/been given that have helped you improve the most?
What should be the official etiquette for dealing with a micropenis?
what’s your favorite childhood memory ?
Need movie suggestions, what are some of the best films ever?
How will the crisis end? Will Burger King remain?
What is your opinion of spending 2 weeks alone in a cabin in the mountains with everything going on right now?
Classic iconic movies are now musicals. What is the hardest movie to sit through? Which one has the best group number?
Who is your least favorite character in a movie/show and why?
If you could wake up tomorrow as a different person, who would it be?
What's a good way to waste $20 online without ordering anything?
What has been the most original thing you have done to save a relationship right at the edge of breaking up?
What was the worst cast in a really well scripted movie?
What was the best birthday party you went to as a kid?
Old school rap lovers, let's test your knowledge. Grab your glocks when you see Tupac, call the cops when you see Tupac...these lines are from?
How does one fight the inner battle of not feeling ‘young enough’ to enjoy being a student?
What would be the one thing you save from a house fire?
Doctors are reddit, when you check a man's penis during their physical, what do you look for?
What's a better feeling, being cool when it's hot or warm when it's cold?
What’s your at home workout routine?
Redditors who were in a coma during school years, what happened when you woke up school wise?
What is the scariest thing that ever happened to you?
What's the best movie that you'll never watch again?
What was the most creative insult someone has ever said to you?
Employers of sales people, what was the best response you’ve ever heard to the question “sell me this pen?”
When was the one time time you saw your hard as nails dad cry?
What’s your favorite subreddits?
What does the candle going out at the end of Two Popes mean?
What rule in your home or school completely backfired? What happened?
Embalmers of reddit, what made you choose that profession? How do you do it?
Reddit, what’s a song/band that you overlooked as a kid, but that as you grew up, you began to appreciate the meaning of it?
What do you want to do to the CAPTCHA puzzle?
What is your best maths joke?
If you had to be killed by something in the room you are in what you would you choose to kill you and how would it kill you?
What is the most embarrassing story that you remember from your childhood?
What's that one song that never fails to make you sad?
What's the weirdest thing you've found yourself doing to stay busy lately?
How do you feel about Russians? I myself am Russian and I write it through Google translator
Money Heist or Prison break?
What is your go-to food when you’re not hungry but want to snack?
What’s the closest you’ve come to accidentally causing your own death?
How to weight something without a scale? (Grams)
Game developers of Reddit, how is game development with all of the COVID - 19 stuff going on?
Choose a literary/movie classic from any time period. How would you summarize it to make it sound terrible?
What movie should I watch
What is the most cryptic thing you’ve ever come across ?
What are your thoughts on extraterrestrial life?
What are some good shows or movies to watch while stoned?
What is something that makes you confused when you start thinking about it ?
What movie has the scariest visual effects?
What’s been around for a long time but just recently became popular?
Musicians of Reddit, does your SO enjoy the music you make? Why/why not?
The devil puts you in charge of designing hell - what’s your plan?
What's something that is wired that should be wireless?
Which things do y'all think would be a lot more awkward if they were contagious like yawns?
What do you think would happen if someone who has a 2 spouses due to one dying met both of them in the afterlife?
What taboo idea are you most inclined to think might have some merit?
What devices of yours break the most?
If you could erase your memory one time regarding a movie, book, game, or TV show, what would you chose and why?
People who received money in exchange for information that leads to the arrest of someone. What’s your story ?
What would a topic that you would keep on blabbering about if allowed to speak about freely?
Ex-smokers, when are you most tempted to smoke again?
So we’re not going to be deprived of paper products after all? How do the hoarders feel?
Women of Reddit, what's by far the worst pickup line you've heard?
What other disasters would you put in 2020 if you were god?
Guys of reddit- what are some things a girl does that you find attractive that we wouldn’t know of?
How could the nihilism of American voters theoretically be reduced?
If you were asked to speak on a random topic, what would you not stop blabbering about ? Any context.
What fact learned in your profession is the most useful in everyday life?
If you died and were standing in front of a judge. The judge knows everything about your life. How would you convince the judge to enter heaven?
What is your opinion of 5g?
What do you wish was more popular?
National Treasure 3 will hopefully answer the “life altering” question: What was on page 47? What’s your best guess?
What's your unique hobby?
What is your favorite non-chocolate candy?
Why is there so much hate and divide between the left and right in the US?
I have a alkaline machine that can produce high acidic water w/ ph 3.5. Can I use the it as a disinfect spray?
What are you fascinated with that few other people seem to be?
What made you realize years later that you were the crazy one on a first date?
Do you like sweet or savory things?
Family Guy fans: what is a moment on the show that’s offensive even for Family Guy?
What's the scariest thing nobody talks about?
What is it like to move from a small town like Los Angeles or Chicago to a big city like Chongqing or Dehli?
What is a creepy fact few people know about?
People who have had their parents look through their phone or computer, what's the worst thing they found?
What is the one movie that never fails to make you cry?
If The apocalypse started at 10:00 am this morning, what were you doing when it started?
When will China apologize for the bat soup death virus?
Open mouth gum chewers of Reddit, why?
What is your opinion of 5g?
What’s the clickbait headline of your life?
If a neighbor gets sick, could the germs spread through the vents? Do small apartments share ventilation systems with neighboring apartments? Is that why it is possible to smell a neighbor`s cooking and hear the tv/phone calls?
Who is the person who forgives the people that have wronged them, and what advice do you have?
What is your favorate Mark Ruffalo performance?
People who have used or still use Craigslist, what are your horror stories?
When the quarantine lifts, what’s the first place you’ll visit?
In a love relationship, what do you do when you love that person more than he loves you?
If anyone dislikes their legal name, why? And if you go by something else, what do you go by?
Would you sit on a dick and eat a pie or sit on a pie and eat a dick? Why?
What’s a folklore or mythical creature that you believe in?
What porn are you ashamed of viewing that you ultimately ejaculated to?
What’s something that makes you happy?
People who awoke from a coma, how was it like?
What are the majority of people overly afraid of?
Do people judge you for not drinking? why?
Do you believe in soulmates? If so, why?
[Serious] If Trump loses in November, do you think he and his administration will refuse to leave? Why or why not?
You want to book Morgan Freeman to narrate your life's story but his unavailable. Who would be your second choice?
People who give advice on Reddit, do you want the person to tell you if your advice doesn't apply to them or won't work? How would you want them to respond?
What movie does the book justice?
Teenagers of reddit, what do you wish parents of your generation understood about you?
What band makes wholesome music like Death Cab for Cutie?
What is something that you told your parents about that was meant to be funny or as a joke, but resulted in you getting into trouble and a 10 minute lecture about the topic?
What's the most wholesome fandom? and why?
What was your favorite April Fools prank you saw this year?
What was the craziest highschool prank you've witnessed? When did it escalate?
What things do you wish you never said?
What did you do in high school for a long period of time that you regret?
Have you gotten into college and are you excited about it? Was it your dream school?
In life, should we worry about the things we should and shouldn’t worry about? Why or why not?
If you are bored this week, what will it be like in 4 to six weeks?
Fuck it, let's tempt fate. What would be the worst celebrity death to happen this month?
How the hell do you fold fitted sheets!?
Lets assume video games gave you unlimited freedom. Which game would you play, what would you do and why?
The Avengers or Star Wars? Why?
You’re given immortality but the cost is being sent back 2000 years. Would you accept and what would you do?
Why do some people think massive income in-equality is fine and good?
When have you gone above and beyond for someone else, but later wished you had just saved yourself the trouble?
What is your honest opinion on scat fetishes?
When redditing, what questions are good questions to respond to?
How the hell do you fold fitted sheets?!
When was a time you woke up, learned one (1) piece of information, then thought, "Fuck that, I'm going back to sleep"?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What was your best and worst school picture day?
What are your thoughts on marriage?
Which four wrestlers would you choose for the Mt Rushmore of professional wrestling?
What do achievers and prodigies have after their glory days?
Transgenders of reddit, was it hard to leave your dead name behind, why or why not?
What’s a good survey idea for a data project?
Thoughts on marriage?
What’s your favorite type of candy and why?
What are you looking forward to the most once the world is able to stop socially distancing?
What did you just recently discover that you have been doing wrong for years?
What's your favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
People of reddit who just upped their lives and got a new identity, life, job etc. how did you do it? Did it take planning?
What did you do in high school for a long period of time that you regret?
How long does your wife’s boyfriend let you stay up for?
What’s a big no-no when visiting other countries?
What is the creepiest thing your significant other has ever done?
What would you REALLY do for 20 dollars?
Movie Watchers of Reddit, is it ethical to obtain streaming exclusive shows via unlicensed/ unorthodox methods such as piracy or VPNs if the streaming service is not in your country?
People of reddit who have slept with their biological siblings or parents, what’s your story?
Redditors of reddit what do you think of Canada?
What is, big or small, the bravest thing you ever did?
Anyone else concerned their homes smell funky but because of quarantine we don’t know because we are just used to the smell?
When did you realise you were fat?
What's something that you've thought "I can't believe they never made a movie about this."
Good people of Reddit what are some stereotypes of people in your country?
Redditors from the Hood/ Block/ Council Estate, how do some of you have they impeccable talent of talking without revealing anything and to those who made it out what streets smarts got you there?
What can I do to make money during these desperate times?
Gas station workers of reddit, what kind of mask if any are you wearing to protect yourself from work?
What’s an interesting story you have?
Class clowns of reddit what do you do now?
What are some things that are good to double up on if a day is missed?
If each subreddit was the patron at a bar, what would they be doing?
What does being drunk feel like?
The color of your shirt and the last thing you drank is your apocalypse nickname. What are you calling yourself?
Iron Man vs Batman, who would win?
What did you today?
Reddit, way do you think is the greatest video game world if it were to be integrated into the real world?
What was some “foreshadowing” in real life?
Hairstylists of Reddit, what’s your horror story’s?
whats up with the 3 kings subreddit,is it all just nonsense or is there some truth to it?
What is the best online co-op game to play during quarentine?
What's the "dad joke" equivalent for moms?
When you have anal sex, is it easier to poop?
People of Reddit, What is the simpiest thing you've ever done?
you have five seconds to ruin a date, what do you do?
Chipped corner of implant, how much will it cost to repair?
People of Reddit, what are your opinions on autistic people?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve made in life?
Fellow medical staff on Reddit. When this is all over. What is the first thing you are going to do when you have free time?
What's the most breathtakingly disrespectful thing your partner ever said to you?
Reddit, which video game world would you rather have integrated into reality?
Why does drinking Mountain Dew shrink your dick?
What item or product do you wish someone would hurry up and invent for you?
What common item would you wipe from existence to cause the most chaos?
If you could suggest just one novel for leisure reading during these trying times, what would it be?
What's the best channel for memes on reddit ?
What is the professional equivalent of kicking the ice cube under the fridge?
Is it ever good to double up on something if a day is missed? Examples include: medication, workout supplements, or anything else
What movie had the worst interpretation of a character that you like?
What is something people always make a comment on about you?
Indian housewives own 11% of the worlds gold. This is more than the reserves of USA, the IMF, Switzerland, and Germany put together. What do you/your family/your country have WAY to much of?
For those who partake in religion, during this time, do you think it is reasonable for people to gather in large groups to practice religion together? Why or why not?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, what was the noblest/most honorable/most generous thing you've seen someone do in jail or prison?
Man of reddit, What is the simpiest thing you've ever done?
Skywatchers of reddit, is it true that a star recently fell out of the sky ?
What made you want to answer Reddit questions today?
How to start my own podcast?
German people of Reddit, what are some important phrases to learn for visiting Munich?
What important world news has been drowned out this week?
What website or online community has changed so much (for better or for worse) since you've joined it?
What herbs do you use when you make bolognese sauce?
What is that lie that you told a while ago and haunts you today?
What did you do for fun when you were 10?
What do you love now that you absolutely hated as a kid?
If Trump decides for himself to make a change of color of N95 mask into official orange label, what would you think about it ?
What do are myths about your political party that you wish to clear up?
How satisfied are you with your looks?
users of reddit, did you guys just see the the star fall out of the sky ?
You have one goal, to end 99% of human civilization. You access to 1 million dollars, how would you do it?
What’s your scariest/ most disturbing experience in the woods?
For those who partake in religion, do you think it is reasonable for people to gather in large groups to practice religion together? Why or why not?
What is the weirdest dream you've had recently?
What is an anime that isn't well known but others NEED to watch?
What situation made you feel like " wait, am I in a simulation"?
What’s the worst mission you’ve ever played in a video game?
What scam did you fall for?
Who is the Most Valuable Person in your life right now?
What songs would be played on a loop in hell?
Seeing as smelling is inhaling molecules, how long would it take to make, say, a piece of bread disappear?
What’s the most memorable dream/ nightmare you’ve had that’s really stuck with you?
What good does the electoral college do?
What was your favorite Courage The Cowardly Dog episode?
What do you wish your parents taught you as a kid?
What's something that's inherently not funny, but made you laugh anyway?
What are the RPGs you would put in your top 20 favorite video games of all time?
What is something you thought you could do, but when you went to do it, you found out you couldn’t?
In the interests of public safety how would you feel if anti-vaxxer families were listed on a public register?
Redditors that have experienced bad trips on hallucinogens, can you describe what you were feeling/thinking?
If you had a throne, what would it be made out of?
Wresting fans of Reddit, who's you favirate wrestler of all time?
Citizens of Reddit. Have your ever fallen for your bro’s wife or had any feelings? If so, what happen? (Serious)
What if you woke up as a bodiless AI?
How did megnutts nudes get leaked?
Who do you go to in order to find your place under a good power?
What is your spouse's magical power, which is equally amazing and annoying?
Redditors who have moved to a different continent, what was that process like?
What’s the Best At-Home Vacation you’ve ever had?
When you were a kid, what did you think different alcohols (beer, liquor, wine) would taste like?
What is something you thought was normal until someone else told you it wasn't?
What is something that has aged badly?
What tips or warnings would you give someone before they assume control of your body for a year?
How many people do you know that have all ready cut/dye their hair?
What do you plan on using your tax return on?
Dear Reddit, do you ever Reddit while you Reddit and when you Reddit how often do you Reddit while Redditing Reddit?
What is the best movie to watch while we have to stay home?
What’s something that’s gone completely downhill, but you don’t want to believe that it has?
Would you rather be a man or a woman, and why?
Which "fan service" in the movies and tv series you hate the most?
What mundane task causes you to break out into song? Which song?
What’s it like to have a wife/husband?
What is a dirty business tactic that you know?
People of reddit that love their jobs... What do you do?
Parents, if your child (of any age) has ever purposefully destroyed your personal property in the middle of an outburst, what was their punishment?
People who support the confederacy and southern US independence why?
What's the worst case of second hand cringe you ever got?
We talk about there being a special place in Hell for people all the time, but what kind of people is there a special place in Heaven for?
People of Reddit, what's the most painful crap you've taken?
What are your favorite books or stories from when you were a child?
If every subreddit has its own jingle that played when you joined it, what would they sound like?
Have you ever been to a themed Quinceanera? If so, what was the theme?
Sleepers of Reddit, what was your worst nightmare?
Alright Reddit. We've got a lot of time on our hands. What's the best thing one can spend their time doing?
What's your worst nightmare?
What are your biggest pet peeves when watching tv with someone?
What’s your story where things did not go according to plan but it still turned out fine (or maybe even better)?
What is the best series to watch while all of this is happening?
Redditors who sleep pretty easily what was your first all nighter like and what made you do it?
What does it take to start a farm?
People who have never had a nosebleed before how do you think you will get one?
What about second breakfast?
When have you been embarrassed reddit?
What's your story of nearly dying?
is it weird never to have taken drugs in your 20s? why?
People who LOVED Hamilton, did you even see Les Miserables or Phantom of the Opera?
What fruit does everyone else hate but you love?
What is the most desperate thing you've done after you finished pooping, but realized you had no toilet paper to wipe yourself with?
Gay and bi men of Reddit, what are your Grindr horror stories?
The zombie apocalypse is coming, who are 3 people you want on your team? And where is your hideout ? What are your Zombie/ survival rules to stay alive ?
What was your best pick up line?
What is your life summed up in a metaphor?
Teachers and Parents of Reddit, how are you holding up?
(NSFW) Straight men of reddit, what's been your gayest experience with another man?
How will Redditors react if Biden ultimately wins against Trump?
Which animal is your spirit animal?
Why doesn't conspiracy theory mean "conspiracy theory" and instead means something like "probably false conspiracy theory"?
What is the worst part about being an adult?
Which song is sad because of the nostalgia it brings?
What's your favorite way to playfully string someone along while they work and beg to have sex with you before you finally take pity on them and permit them to have their way?
People of reddit, how do you spend money ?
For those whos siblings had good looking friends are there any stories about them? (NSFW)
[Serious] What environment did you find that actually FEELS like you are acquiring energy every minute that you spend in it?
Where are you from, whats your job and what has changed in the last weeks?
You have to ruin a famous quote by adding a word, what you decide to do?
If you could add your favorite actor/actress to a video game of your choice, who would you put in the game and which video game?
Office Workers of Reddit, what're some tips for maintaining the heath of your eyes and vision while having a job that requires you to stare at computer screens all day?
People who cheated on their SO, why did you do it?
What's a good AskReddit question?
What's the worst thing you've seen someone do?
Surgeons of reddit, whats something you wish you could've done differently while at the operating table?
Redditors, what turned out unexpectedly good?
Anyone here a Coachella Valley drug user ? Why ?
What is the best app or online resource for making new friends rn?
What ar baddist weigh too ask there question?
A person made out of your last meal is trying to kill you, what you do?
Barenaked Ladies arguably did a better job of Lovers In a Dangerous Time, what other bands have covered songs better than the original?
Humans of the world, specifically of non English speaking countries, when English is taught in schools (all levels of education), what accent is it taught in?
A man walks up to you and starts having a stroke, what do you do?
What was unusual about your childhood?
If you survived the initial collapse of society, how long would you survive in a zombie apocalypse?
What do you know about republic of Moldova ?
What type of grandma/pa r u going to?
What stove top burner is your favourite?
When you think of the year 1995, what household objects, events, or pop culture comes to mind?
What is hands down the best movie/video game soundtrack of all time?
What's a comeback to an insult you wish you made, but didn't?
Musicians of Reddit: What is an interesting story from a gig you have played?
Teachers/ social workers of reddit. What was a case of unschooling and homeschooling that failed a child miserably?
What is the best job to work at home and how can one obtain it?
Which Shakespeare play best represents your life?
Whats your worst DMV story?
Why do the Chinese have no situational awareness?
On December 31st 2020 at 11:59pm how will you bring in the new year?
Married/divorced people of Reddit, when did you realize you might actually hate your spouse?
What would prehistoric billboards have ads for?
How strong does an earthquake have to be in order to feel it?
What would you do for someone you truly loved?
What is something you can take advantage of in a time like this?
When you think, do you visualize the words, hear the words in your head, or something else entirely? Can you explain the way you think?
What is the weirdest question you've ever been asked?
How would the world change if the internet was never invented?
What’s a skill/hobby people should learn during the time off we have?
What is something you saw that made you think to yourself, "Wow, that is violently american"?
Who’s noticed that “unprecedented” has become the new buzzword in online articles?
How many people do you think c o vid will kill? (Serious)
What to do when not straight vibin?
How do you delete a sub Reddit that you own on mobile?
How has the environment improved lately?
(Serious) Adopted Redditors, what’s your story?
What’s your favorite type of art form?
What keeps you going when you don't want to do something?
People who has lazy uncles how does it feel to deal with them?
When did subliminal messages work on you?
Veterans of the military, what acts of mercy involving the enemy have you experienced while you were serving?
What’s the dumbest conspiracy theory you can think of that explains this current situation?
You enter the Oasis(Ready Player One) what character from pop culture do you play as?
What is your opinion on Homo sapien endangerment and extinction?
What are the tricks to fall asleep?
What things you should avoid buying right now and just wait til next year as prices will likely drop?
If the final test before entering heaven was to confront your greatest fear do you think you would pass the test? What would your test be?
[Serious] What healthy habit have you learned that keeps your mind off what is stressing you out?
Dear reddit, what are some phrases like Clusterfuck, Garbage Fire and Trainwreck?
For the lesbian community. When did you realize that you were gay? Have you always known from an early age or was it something more gradual?
Why are people these days attracted to people who look like detention desks?
It’s April 12th, 2020 and the world is at an all Armageddon and God comes back for judgement day, what do you do?
What is something that only works in concept?
What's the most illegal thing you've done?
While reading the current news everytime there appears WHO, do you read it s a whole word or as an acronym?
Do you think that squirrel world go round your era and may influenced your life and where ?
Inmates of reddit , what happend to child molesters , wife beaters etc at your prison/jail ?
If you have ever seen the lucid dream man in your dream and talked to him. What happened?
How many people on reddit are from North Carolina?
What are you going to make a mask out of?
What songs are you finding suddenly relate to what's going on in the world, what lyrics specifically also relate to what's happening so far in 2020?
What's your least favorite sub and why (be civil)?
Those who have kids, do you regret it?
What's your favorite song right now?
What is the biggest waste of money in your opinion?
What's the strangest thing you've seen your neighbour do without them noticing?
How has the death of your parents affected you, and how have you managed to heal from your loss?
What is the funniest YouTube Poop (YTP) video that you have seen?
People who have gone to the Dr. Phil show for help with family issues, what was the long-term outcome?
Redditors who have astral projected what are things on the astral plane no book, guide, teacher, etc. prepared you for during your travels?
Reddit-what’s something that’s interesting to the point where it’s not?
What’s a lie you have told someone and you’re still happy with it?
What is the best motivational song?
What should and should not be in YouTube Rewind 2020?
What’s the best music to play during sex?
What is the fascinating animal or nature fact you know?
What memory still haunts you and why?
(Serious) Which charity or organization is actually worth donating to/supporting?
What did you want to do as a kid but never got to do?
What was the one thing that you forgot/ never knew you lost?
shrek vs danny devito who turns u on more?
How will you die?
What do you say to your girlfriend when she says she hates herself?
how do you feel about society?
What movie that isn't that good but isn't terrible do you like?
What was the most awkward moment during sex?
Americans of reddit, are you proud to be an American, where at least you know you’re free? Why or why not?
For those who have a sugar momma, what is it like?
People who are gym rats how are you doing and what are you doing to not lose muscle?
What song can be either really sad ot really happy depending on where you are in your life?
People Of Reddit who have almost died, what was it like?
What is one way that a person communicates that suggests he or she feels superior to others?
You have the last of any one thing in the world. What thing gives you the most power?
If Harvey Weinstein doesn't have testicles as two of his accusers have claimed, why do you think that is?
Zeus just declared himself the new president of your country, what can the world expect from him?
How do you correctly tell someone it's "opposite day"?
Redditors that married gamers, what made you attracted to your SO?
What’s the worst reaction to a break up you’ve seen?
What sleeping pills are you taking that’s not addictive?
what made you question your life? [Serious]
You can change one thing to the way you want it to be. What do you do?
When will they stop selling the limited edition salty caramel M&amp;M's?
What is the biggest regret you have?
What phenomena/incidents or theories do you personally believe hold the ultimate truth/ key of the universe, and why?
You're now stuck in an 80s TV sitcom. What TV show are you stuck in? What's your character's name? What do you do for a living? What's your catchphrase?
What is something the straight community has all wrong about the gay community?
What's the best thing that happened to you this week?
What’s your favorite movie/TV show trope?
Au Pairs and nannies, what are your horror stories?
Which part of your culture has the rest of the world ruined?
What’s the biggest flex you’ve ever done?
What makes you automatically laughing out loud (joke, bit,pics...) no matter how many time you see it ?
Today is 04/04/2020, the only double 4/20 we will have, so what are you doing to celebrate?
What is something you did when you were younger that still keeps you up at night?
What was a historical event that you were directly involved with?
How many squares of toilet paper do you have at this moment in time?
do you have a question that you just aren't able ro answer? what is it?
Porn actors/actresses of reddit, what it the most bizarre thing the director has told you to do?
People who lost their virginity on tinder, what happened?
What kind of recurring dreams or nightmares do you have that continues where it left off?
Reddit-If you could remove one thing from porn what would it be?
Considering what is happening now, are people allowed to walk through and order something at the drive thru of a fast food restaurant?
You are now Elon Musk 27 years from now and have successfully colonised Mars what thing's do you add on the planet?
Coffee people, what are popular coffee "trends" that actually make the coffee better?
what's a really good, but really underrated movie?
What are you worried about right now, specifically? What can you do to make yourself feel better?
What is your best 19.99$ purchase you did?
What is your most popular post of all time, please link it?
How do you motivate to study major that you are not interested to ?
what is the first thing you are doing to do when the Coivd-19 crisis is over?
What’s a great song by an otherwise terrible band?
What is a tangible unit of value that has a high guarantee of success?
Why are we always so afraid of making mistakes when we all know we learn from them?
People of reddit, what historical event would you want to see?
What’s the most “humans are weird” thing as far as social etiquette?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit: What nursery rhyme did you forget the words to when singing to your first born?
How do you reheat cold pizza?
When you die what do you want to be the story your remembered for?
What can we do to celebrate a household members birthday in the current world?
If you had the ability to bring ONE person back into the world, who would it be?
What’s one song you discovered randomly that is an all-time favorite?
People of Reddit, what makes you turn down a man or woman when they are hitting in you?
Which do you think is the best youtube channel out there?
Why are men juvenile creatures?
For all walks of life, what was your "This has gone way too far" moment?
What could you do that is productive but your not doing because your reading this post?
How do you feel about owning a big cat as a pet?
You are in room 101 from 1984. Whats in there for you?
How reliable are the numbers regarding "the crisis" which are coming out of high-population and high-poverty India and Brazil?
What's the most pointless, irrational fear you have?
What’s the story that makes you laugh whenever you tell it?
What is your favorite RPG series and why?
Why do you think healthcare workers are still so short on PPE despite all these charities recieving millions of dollars from various people/celebrities?
what do you eat right now?
How do you feel about a Reddit wide game of the penis game?
What type of job have you held that no longer exists? What happened to it?
People who work in a creative field: Are you more, or less, creative during this crisis?
How are you going to make rent for May?
Are there others Who is smart and never pre order video games or game ports?
What do you wish you started doing one year ago?
People of reddit, what video-game have you spent most time on?
What was that movie about a 12 year old black boy who got run over and killed by a mexican girl who was texting and driving and a teenage white girl got an organ from the boy?
What's good home remedies for sunburn?
What’s your best [NSFW] tip?
Serious. How are your relationships (with anyone) going this month?
A comedian, an author, and a serial killer are the last three on earth; who are they?
People who support Trump, why do you choose to do so?
When did you save someone’s or an animals life?
What can an undesirable girl do in order to get into a relationship?
Who do you think is the most useless Marvel character and why?
What smells remind you of a certain person/place/thing? How did this come to be?
What is something productive that unemployed people can currently do with their time off?
What is the most weirdest thing you’ve ever seen?
People who have split up with their spouse during isolation, how's life?
What is the most useless tool?
How do you organize your meme collection?
short guys of reddit, how much has it affected your dating life?
What is a bad habit you can’t stop doing?
Why does a good majority of Reddit hate religions?
Sports fans who's team was relocated. Do you still support the team?
What was a red flag in one of your previous relationships you wish you had payed attention to?
What is the best decision you’ve ever made?
What is the first thing you are going to do when things return back to normal?
What was your latest kill?
What are the best ways to relieve back pain at home?
Soccer moms of Reddit, how do you feel about the Internet labeling you as Karens? [Serious]
If state mottos were all updated today, what should they be?
What would be the moral downsides to having environmentalism as a religion?
What are the best youtube channels according to you?
What show would become dangerous if Gordon Ramsey became its host?
Americans of reddit what's the weirdest thing you experienced when visiting Europe?
What's the top item on your bucket list?
Whats Your Middle School Horror Story?
What commercial or advertising from your childhood has stuck with you to this day?
what tv series has the best ending?
Redditors, what's the biggest lie you ever believed?
What's the oldest creepiest thing on the internet that still exists to this day?
What are some fun little hobbies you have picked up since our current predicament?
What does it mean for a guy or girl to be hurtin for a squirtin?
[Serious] Americans who are receiving the $1200 stimulus, what are you going to spend it on?
What is the most useless class in school?
What is your “oops I didn’t mean to say that” moment?
What was your last remorseful fap?
What businesses are thriving in this economy currently?
[Serious] Who's a celebrity that did you get noticed on social media? And how?
People who have dealt with and survived domestic violence- how did it happen? Did it slowly escalate or was it a sudden personality change?
1.What would be some of the best ways to steal the Krabby Patty Formula? Or 2.where would you hide it?
You have the real death note but along with people you can destroy any object or idea permanently from history. What do you write?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever bought while drunk?
what are your thoughts on money heist?
With the extra time, what have you accomplished in the last few weeks?
(SERIOUS) People who have been in an abusive relationship, what's your story?
As a security guard which fnaf location would you choose and why?
What is your most simple/stupid million dollar idea?
What's something you started doing as a child that you never outgrew even as your peers did?
Nudists of Reddit, what are your most awkward stories?
What’s your tinder wonder story?
Redditor’s who are currently stuck at home with their significant other, how are things going? Is everything OK?
People who play multiple games at the same time, how is the multi-gaming?
Who was the better detective, Shawn Spencer or Adrian Monk?
How do you react when you're not exactly in a bad mood, but someone tells you to smile?
Redditors, let us guess your country! What are some weird and wonderful facts about your home land?
men, a girl you like drops an SBD bomb while talking to her and looks a bit embarrassed. what do you do here?
Kids of later in life transitioned parent(s), how did you feel when you found out?
[Serious] Which theory do people personally advocate when discussing how the universe will ultimately end?
What useless trivia are you stuck with forever, no matter how much time passes?
Teachers and other professions that work closely with the youth... How have children become different in today’s world than when you began?
What's the etymology behind your surname?
What's a loophole in the system that was too good to use?
What color is sponge bobs and Patrick’s kid? And what color would there child be? And how long is it?
In the movie Silence of the Lambs, how come in the end nobody seems to care that Hannibal Lester is in the loose?
What show that didn’t get a second season, should’ve ?
You have a plan to take over the world. The first phase is to make sure people are too afraid to go outside. What's phase two?
What song lyric is acceptable when the singer says it, but not when you say it yourself?
What is the most money you've won from sports betting?
Who do you main in Mario Kart?
Make a wish. What did you wish for?
How do you turn dark mode off of Instagram without turning it off on your iPhone?
Have you or anyone you know genuinely given up on finding a romantic partner...how did life turn out?
What was a NSFW thing that you saw on accident?
Have you ever successfully changed somebody's mind in a political debate? If so, what was the debate about and how did you convince them to see things differently?
You have the power to fix 1 world problem. However, this would cause you to make another world problem worse. What do you choose?
Do you have a "line" when it comes to what kind of material you are willing to watch in the context of horror movies or true crime? If so, why?
What are you best (or worst) stag/hens night stories?
Gamer couples of Reddit, how do you feel about capital punishment? Should it or should it not be legal?
What is your best Hero moment?
Postal workers of reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've had to deliver?
What is your must see place before you die?
You are at your own roast and you have the stage, what do you say?
Why is ABC playing The Ten Commandments tonight? Don't they play it the night before Easter?
What is your just had brain diarrhea story?
What are some songs that everyone knows, yet people still feel special for knowing?
Who is the edgiest TV show character from the 2000s?
What's the most wild conspiracy theories you've stumbled across?
if you had to both drink and shower in water at the same temperature for the rest of your life, what temperature would you choose?
The average price of gas per gallon as dropped to $1.75 in the US, an average we haven't seen since 2003. What was your life like and how has it changed since 2003?
About how many miles do you put on a vehicle before you get a new one or do you just wait until it breaks beyond repair?
What’s your favorite song at this moment in time?
What movie was better than the book?
What does it mean if you talk to yourself?
If you and a stranger are walking towards each other on the sidewalk, where are you supposed to look until they’ve passed you?
People who tweet at the President, do you think he’s reading those replies? Have you ever gained anything from doing so?
(serious) How did you get through your worst personal crisis?
Who are the coolest aliens?
What's something you can say when you ask someone out and when you break up with them?
Who is the most inappropriate person you have thought about while masturbating?
Normies of reddit why aren't you weebs ?
If you were on mastermind, what would your specialist subject be?
What’s a good word to describe the following: purposefully talks confusing in an intelligent way?
What positive things (good news) have you heard this week?
Since everyone is at home, which video games are you playing?
What’s a big misconseption about your hobby?
What is ur biggest wtf moment or NSFW moment?
What is the site of companies that have helped their employees at this time?
What is your favorite song?
Is humanity a mistake, why or why not?
How did your April fools become April fouls?
To All Redditors, What Fictional Character Will You Never Forget For Impacting Your Life?
Whats a good one on one game to play in a R6 custom match?
Reddit, what is an actually good dating app for young adults?
What did the movies teach you about life that you eventually realized was wrong?
If given the chance to do things over again then what would you do?
People of Reddit, what was your five minutes of fame?
What is the worst thing that has happend to you?
What is the purpose of the questionnaire you complete before donating blood? All the blood gets tested before use anyways, right? So is it just to reduce waste?
What didn’t you notice about yourself until someone pointed it out?
How did your parents find out you smoke/drink? How well did they take it?
What’s the biggest worry you have about your future self?
When was your gut instinct wrong, and you just overreacted?
Which is the coolest Youtube channel that everyone should check out?
People of reddit, how are you handling the current situation?
How would you feel if schools offered a life skills class, that taught skills like preparing for interviews, doing your taxes, etc.? What other things would be good to teach in this class?
People of reddit who don’t care enough to directly contact a company or person to express your disgust: What is the one time you cared enough, and why?
What's borked about Reddit?
What’s something that you’re embarrassed about being good at?
What doubts, or what things would you like to know about the opposite sex?
What’s an accomplishment you’re proud of that nobody in real life would care about if brought up in conversation ?
What situation did you get the WORST of both worlds in?
What is one place everyone needs to visit in their lifetime?
Why do we tend to believe in things that we never see or have ever interacted with, such as ghosts, and god?
Million dollar homeowners of Reddit. What do you do for a living?
Have you ever had a fleeting feeling ( similar to deja vu) that you had an original thought but obviously it wasn’t, what was it?
Americans of Reddit, what do you think of "la casa De papel" (Money Heist)?
What is something that spices life up?
What object is safe to shove up your ass but not safe to eat?
What a value of something that is likely to not be misinterpreted?
What is the actual probability that there will be a rent/mortgage freeze in the United States in any of the coming months?
What is something you know so well it feels like an extension of yourself?
What big fallout happened in your family?
Is it really the poor's fault if he dies poor? Why?
What type of pie would you have sex with?
What franchise has the best lore and why?
If you could change anything about the current social media platforms what would it be?
How do you get a question to be labeled NSFW or serious replies only?
What’s the one memory you wish you never remembered?
Cat people of Reddit, what is it exactly that makes cats better than dogs?
What have the last few months taught you about other people?
What are some popular Conspiracy Theories right now?
what was the most undeserving Oscar win?
Hey Reddit what’s your favorite alcoholic drink?
Toilet paper is illegal now, what’s it street name?
People of reddit, what do you think about Norway?
How did you meet your best friend and how did you guys become best friends?
What are some secret / unexpected side effects of mental illnesses no one talks about?
What's the longest time you been awake and why?
As a hipster introvert, who used to self-isolate and avoid other human contact before it was cool, how do you feel about everyone else doing it now?
Why don't Democrats take personal responsibility for their financial position and, instead, leave it up an incompetent, bureaucratic government?
When a person dies, how long does it take to figure out what they died from? I asking based on the paragraph in the news today "State departments of Public Health are reporting the number of deaths BEFORE the medical examiners have even concluded the cause of death.It takes Medical examiners weeks"?
What is something you greatly fear but it in no significant way affects your life or daily routine?
What movie is actually better than the book?
What is the weirdest wrong number call you’ve ever got?
What actor/actresses sucked so much in a movie that you think you personally can do a better job than them?
People of reddit, when Ur friend was being bullied what did you do to help them with the problem?
What’s the best way to make someone’s birthday awesome right now?
What world event could happen right now for us all to be truly screwed?
What is your best (in your opinion) piece of life advice?
What is your best Tinder date?
What's the weirdest experience you had at McDonald's?
People who are blind but not from birth, what was the first time trying to go sleep after you were blinded like?
You could add 500 grams ~ 1.10 pounds of weight to anything, but only one time, what would it be ?
Socially awkward people of reddit, when did you realize that you’re socially awkward?
Who is your favorite Animal Crossing character?
You can pick 2 people from throughout history to join your pub quiz team, who makes the cut?
Many shows are known to drop somewhat in quality over time. What shows only seemed to get better with every season?
If your feelings were a brownie, what would the brownie taste like?
How would you advise someone to become more sociable and less awkward?
What are some childhood phases or interests that you had?
What is something that hasn't aged well?
What is your greatest (non-sexual) Tinder experience?
Danny DeVito is now digitally dubbed as the lead actor in every movie ever made, which movie would be the best and why?
What are some ways to lower anxiety?
What's the one story you have that majorly impacted you and created who you are today?
You now have access to every nation's emergency text message system (that can't be blocked). What can you send that would cause the most irreversible damage?
What sound does your brain make when you see a question mark or the exclamation mark?
What is the topic of your favorite subject?
What is a good story you just want to tell Reddit?
To the people of reddit who purposefully put the milk in before the cereal, just why?
What is the most depressing thing you’ve ever encountered ?
What food, drink, or condiment can you just *not* stand?
What do you regret not trying in your life?
What’s the funniest word to say in your opinion?
How much do you need to be debt free?
Tomorrow, the internet shuts down permanently. How will you spend this last day?
Ok, Reddit: What are your favorite happy feel good songs?
What are some subreddits to start out with as a new redditor?
When did you realize your problems were getting better?
[NSFW] What are your tips for cleaning a carpet after bukkake?
You and 999,000 other people each choose a number between one and a million. You get that much money, provided nobody else picks the same number. How do you proceed?
What is something your country/government did to make you think they're not corrupt and that they actually care about their citizens?
What was the weirdest thing you believed when you were young?
Why are the elderly said to be prime targets for robo-calls, as if they're really that dumb?
This year's deer season, deer are capable of shooting back. How do you prepare for Deer season?
What is the most ridiculous excuse that you’ve seen someone give to get out of a situation that actually worked?
What should the modern constitution include?
How are you doing right now?
Canadians of reddit, everyone always hears about how wonderful your country is. What is the worst thing about Canada?
Inspired by the Muppets question, what franchise and movie/story crossover do we need a la Muppets Treasure Island and Christmas Carol?
When has a petition you signed or created worked?
If your mortal enemy was forced to name your future children, what do you think they would name them and why?
You’re trapped in an empty room with just your phone, a phone charger, and the bare minimum for food and water that you need. You’re given 1000 dollars every day you complete the challenge. How long do you stay before you give up?
Who is your favorite president, and why?
What is your daily outfit regarding the current situation?
What single piece of advice can you give someone to drastically change their life for the better?
What movie sequel is better then the original?
Linux enthusiasts of reddit, how can we make Linux more popular as desktop operating system?
What is you least favorite country?
What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
what's the "hole in one" of your favorite (non-golf) sport?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve witnessed with your own two eyes?
What was the most inappropriate time someone has made a dad joke?
Should there be an Asian History Month? Why or why not?
What was the best joke or dirty reference you hid in a school PowerPoint presentation?
What are some challenges you think the next generation will face?
Which is your favourite song where two or more artists collaborated?
What do you guys think of furries?
[Serious] Gig/freelance workers of reddit, how has doing gig/freelance work shaped your life?
What weird interests did you have growing up?
What's the worst thing that's happened on a Zoom meeting unexpectedly?
What celebrity’s career had a strong peak, but now is or has been declining?
If you could go back and experience something for the very first time all over again, what would it be?
What is the most toxic community you've witnessed?
Who's made the best music this year?
There's a fungus that turns ants and spiders into a zombie like state. How fucked are we, if it chooses a new species to host?
Folks who had their jaw wired shut, how and what did you eat?
Ex offenders what’s the stupidest thing you or someone you know has ever done time for?
What is a poem that really made you stop and appreciate it?
You can have one bad thing happen to the person you hate, but whatever you choose, will also happen to you. What is it and why?
You now own marvel or DC (pick only one) what will you do with the franchise ?
What’s a weird thing you did as a kid?
What's your favorite memory that you wish had been caught on video?
What major changes in society, politics, day to day life, people’s mindset, etc. do you think will change over the next few months, or even years?
Is there any particular health and fitness lifestyle gadget or object of any kind that you are beyond happy that you purchased (anything from juicers and blenders to shoes and clothing and everything in between) and if so, what is it?
What is your "guilty pleasure" song? Album? Music genre?
What are some life consuming phone game?
Gamers of Reddit. What two games would you like to see a crossover of?
Skillfull redditors, what is a skill that a tall, slow, clumsy person could master?
What is Shaggy’s kryptonite one the Reddit Superhero Universe (RSU)?
what is the best HBO series of all time?
Redditors who moved to a completely new place (Far Away State/Country/Continent) by themselves to start a new life, what's your story? What are some tips you'd give to someone considering the same thing?
Internet People That are Dicks and Tear Others Down, WHY?
In honor of 4/4 2020, how did your first post smoking experience go? Still smoking, or can't/don't?
Your country's leader is holding a speech when a spear magically appears and stabs them in the heart. How does your country react?
What would Trump need to do to redeem himself?
Waiters/waitresses, what's your worst, craziest stories during work?
What things get you inspired and why?
What is something that to this day fills you with childlike anger?
D&amp;D Players of Reddit, What Are Your Thoughts of People Who Use "It's What My Character Would Do" as an Excuse to do Stupid Shit?
What's the best song you've ever heard, and why?
You're directing a feature length film about Tiger King. Who do you cast in each role?
What's a moment in your life you actually said what the fuck out loud?
If you could visit every country in the world and could interview 1 person in each country, what would you ask them?
You have a ability to send a message to yourself 5 years in the future, what will you write?
[Serious] Quarantinians of Reddit, what new minor/major thing that you have learned during time spent in isolation ?
If someone held a gun to your head and said “you’ve got 5 seconds to get a song stuck in my head”, what do you say?
Those of you who had a birthday today, what are you doing now?
What makes a movie re-watchable for you?
What is one “dead”/“untrendy” franchise that you still like?
What's your craziest 'been there, done that' story?
Have you ever been so far, as to even pretend to even want to go do more like? Why or why not?
What is a hobby/activity that is super nerdy, but when mastered is incredibly sexy?
[Serious] Are safe deposit boxes a thing of the past? What do you keep in yours?
Serious replies only: how do you fill out line 12 of the 1099 R form?
Former children of reddit, what is the weirdest lie your parents told in order to teach you a lesson?
What show are you surprised is still ongoing?
What’s your favourite weird food combos?
Ex-prisoners of reddit what's the craziest Fights or acts of violence you witnessed?
People of Reddit, if you were in a coma, how long would you want to be in a coma before your family/friends pulled the plug?
What’s the best Black Sabbath album?
What's the worst Karen moment you experienced?
What's your biggest achievement you've accomplished in a hard video game?
What do you think of saucy people?
You now own reddit what would you do ?
People of reddit, What was your strangest experience at a cinema/movie?
What are you regretting?
What if, in the not so distance future we see the “zoomer” generation become a generation that only have conversions and social interactions over the app Zoom?
What are some nostalgic movies that defined your childhood?
What have you seen (videos, movies, games, etc.) that was so scary that you couldn’t sleep?
What have you been doing in quarentine/self-isolation?
People of Reddit, What is the Strangest Thing You’ve Seen Out at Sea?
What was your first game you played?
What is the dumbest or funniest thing you have seen someone do while driving?
What would your favorite movie's fake title be so that only true fans know what you are talking about?
What's your worst celebrity encounter?
What's your favourite creative insult?
Bazzinga. What trend needs to come back?
Non-American Redditors, what is your country’s equivalent of a redneck?
What’s the best sexual experience you’ve ever had? [NSFW]
What are some things that make absolutely zero sense?
Hey Redditors what is your creepy supernatural story?
You're home alone and a nihilist, what's a good reason not to smoke weed?
How many of you guys do online school? Like actually online school?
What would you do if you were a Dog for a Day?
If you had a statue built in your honor, what would it be for?
What is something small that instantly pisses you off, even when you know it isnt a big deal or on purpose?
When is a time being polite got you free/cheaper stuff?
Whats he biggest waste of potential youve seen in something?
What is the most toxic fanbase?
Dear people of reddit who have learned a second language on Duolingo, Babbel, etc, how ling did it take and how hard was it? Any tips?
What are other techniques do you use to clear the last bit of pee other than mangling your cock like a tube of toothpaste?
What is your favorite unofficially-made English word ?
What's your take on the opinion of the Portuguese political scientist and ex-diplomat Bruno Macaes, who argues that USA is becominig a developing country?
What are some big red flags in relationships?
What is your New Year's resolution for, you know, 2021 (we will survive)?
What is the most beautiful place you have ever visited?
People of Reddit, your only superpower is to cause random erections upon guys, how do you abuse this?
Is it Tiddies or Titties, and what's the difference?
You now own area 51 what will you do?
Redditors that had a sugar mama before, where did you meet them and what was it like?
What's something in the past that we know of that almost happened that would have made the world a better place but never materialized?
What if for earth day, since we'll all be home anyway, if we got all the lights turned off for a few minutes and actually see the stars?
What is the best state in the USA?
In your opinion, what is the meaning of life?
When have you almost died or been in a dangerous situation, and somebody saved your nonchalantly saved you?
"If you had one shot, one opportunity, to seize everything you ever wanted, would you capture it? Or just let it slip?"...and why?
Why do some men refuse to get married?
Whose gonna take care of Ticketmaster, now we are in a crisis?
Hey people of reddit, what is your true love story?
If you could have access to an online video tutorial series by any person from history, who would it be, and why?
What's the craziest conspiracy theory that you 100% believe is true?
What is that childhood tv show that you miss the most?
[SERIOUS] Tomorrow will be the 26th anniversary of Kurt Cobain's death and the 18th of Layne Staley of Alice in Chains. Who is the better musician and why?
[Serious] Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
What’s a movie that isn’t a complete waste of time to watch?
because of the current state of the world, if you created the world how would you make it?
What is the most likely explanation of how human life first appeared on earth?
What is something that is easy to do but makes you look like a badass?
What is something that is easy to do but makes you look like a badass?
Music lovers of Reddit, what's one band / artist you listen to proof you've successfully held on to your virginity?
What is one thing that you hate doing, but you are really good at it?
What’s your favorite day of the week and why?
What are some unconventional tips/methods for getting to sleep that aren't widely known and are practical?
Feeling extremely disconnected from people periodically, what would you do to have this never happen again that you know will work?
Have you ever tried to do a Bob Ross painting? How did it go? What tips would you give someone else?
What’s the weirdest things you’ve ever seen a stranger do?
What are some imminent major world events that most people don't know will happen?
In your opinion, what is the best city in the world?
Which country is the best place to go for Asian expats for better opportunities and why?
What would be most inconvenient if you had to ALWAYS do it twice?
What is a seemingly insignificant moment that you will always cherish?
What song do you have stuck in your head?
[Serious] Hey Government Medical Sales People of Reddit. Why arent Ventilators and PPEs made only available through cost-plus contracts?
After LA &amp; NY, which American city is the most well known globally?
What would the 8 year old version of you think of you now?
What is your worst fart story?
People of reddit, what’s the worst case of unschooling or homeschooling that you ever saw?
What's your process now after you receive fast food?
What's your meal plan for the week?
Hey reddit what is your coming out story?
People who had a sibling who was the “weird kid” growing up, could you describe your experiences?
What X-men do we NOT want in the MCU?
How do you feel knowing that the weekend is lasting forever?
You have to explain the current situation happening in the world in 10 or less words. What do you say?
New parents as of the last few weeks, how was your experience in the hospital?
Gamers of Reddit who have been banned from a server, what were you banned for?
LGBTQ+ people of Reddit, what was/is the worst part of being in the closet l?
What is most funny/weird thing you've found in your family's junkdrawer?
Reddit, what was it that made you finally give up your lazy lifestyle and begin working out, eating healthy and sticking to it?
You’ve died and come back as a ghost. What unfinished business made you come back?
People who lived during the time of phone operators, did you ever have a rude operator?
Gamers, what did you break because of rage then instantly regret breaking?
What is something that you genuinely love unconditionally?
You haven't eaten in a week, you're fully hydrated. You're allowed any one single thing from the grocery store. What do you get?
What has been the best moment in your life?
Reddit, who are the most terrifying demons?
When you wash your hands, who do you sing Happy Birthday to?
Take an animal species, and purge your mind of its name, rename them based on their appearance or behavior, and what’s their new name?
What's a "omg this person became this successful" story?
Reddit, would you accept a full refund for every item you currently own? (Must be literally everything, at this exact moment). Why or why not?
[Serious] Do you believe in supernatural things? If so,what do you believe in?
What are the types of people that you should always avoid?
What is the worst sound you remember from your childhood?
What's something everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
You won $38,000,000.12 what will you do ?
Whats the most bullshit writting you have ever seen?
What is your first memory?
Donald Trump is assassinated tomorrow morning. What is your reaction?
What is the last thing on your browser history?
Weebs of reddit what is a God starter for non weebs ?
How do you think an entirely new form of power would work, a new form of producing energy that isnt another form of producing electricity of any kind?
Americans of Reddit: How do you feel about the White House preventing the export of PPE to Canada and latin countries?
Do you have a problem with the term “feminism”? Why?
What’s the funniest innocent joke you’ve ever heard?
What is your most interesting trait?
How do you wipe your butt?
What is the weirdest insult someone has said to you?
People who live in a circus, what is life like?How did you go about training? Where do you sleep while traveling? Is it your only source of income?
What languages do you speak?
you had a very stressful and busy workday you get home and after a few hours of cleaning u decide to unwind whats your go to for cutting loose?
If you were to start dating one of the villagers from Animal Crossing (villagers, not special characters), who would you choose?
What’s your ‘could have married them but thankfully didn’t’ ??
What do you blame Carol Baskin for?
What’s a sentence you never thought you’d say but the current state of things made it possible?
If you are given two save files for yourself at birth, how to you go about using them properly?
People who had to do the inevitable "what are your intentions with me son/daughter?" Routine what was it like?
Who's the most ridiculously good-looking person you’ve ever met?
What is something you did as a kid that the current generation of kids doesn’t do?
Do you have to earn the right to feel good about yourself? Do you only deserve to feel adequate when you're making good choices? Why or why not?
What are some good things happening in the world right now?
Reddit Gamers What Is The Saddest Video Game Death?
At what point of trying to get laid do you become a simp?
What are things you find satisfying that others don't?
What are some good free PC games (tired of Fortnite)?
What's the most unexpected consequences, good or bad, came from telling a seemingly "innocent" lie?
How bad are you with money?
How many of you have ever felt personally victimized by Regina George?
If we had to pick five YouTube videos to preserve for future generations to see how we lived and who we were, what would they be?
Military personnel of reddit, what is one thing that made you regret joining the military?
Can a country where a small minority group has disproportionate influence or power sustain peaceful coexistence?
Who deserves some F’s in the chat right now?
What is something you could do right now that would fuck with someones head 5000 years in the future?
What’s the weirdest thing that has happened on an online class/meeting?
If this whole thing escalates and we end up in a post apocalyptic movie. What’s your survival plan? What would that situation look like given the population of your area?
How does the Reddit mobile app suck so bad? Developers, why do you make it so hard to report said horrible app and further compound the issue?
You can kill anyone just by google him. Who would it be?
People who are still happy right now, how the heck do you stay happy?
What songs between 2005 and 2007 by Effie did everyone have on there Myspace?
What is something that makes anyone feel better?
Those of you who chose "useless" majors but have successful careers, what's your story?
You get to make a movie. You select actors from different movies but only one actor from each movie. How many actors would there be in your movie?
How do you become a Borderland Bandit in real life?
When have you forgiven a person, who you have a close relationship with, that deeply hurt you? What was your journey to forgiveness like?
What are some harmless pranks we can play on people we are stuck at home with?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen on TV?
Who was your first crush, celebrity or otherwise, when was it, and what did you like about her or him?
How to earn MAX karma on reddit?
Satan gives up being ruler of Hell and passes the crown to you, What's your main goal now?
What is your favorite quote of all time?
If they gave you $ 1 million / € and only gave you 1 hour to spend, what would you spend them on?
How to save videos in the camera roll on reddit using an Android phone?
What is your weirdest Uber story?
Why are 9-5 office jobs so much frowned upon?
What will the first post to get 1 million upvotes be?
What do you want to talk about that nobody ever gives a flip about?
How do you keep yourself focused at home?
What is that story you grandparents always told you?
What is your nearest death experience ?
With what hollywood star would you like to have a coffee?
Why don't we worry about regular influenza overwhelming our healthcare system?
What actor or actress did you LOVE in one role but HATE in every other role they've ever played?
Do you believe 5G is dangerous? Why or why not?
What are some of your most common negative thoughts?
When do you think this app will start giving away free karma?
What is your worst nightmare?
Anyone else have no idea where the car keys are?
What is a song/band you didn’t think you’d like, but you really enjoyed?
How would you describe your life in the shortest sentence possible?
What is the the difference between an excessively horny person and a sex addict?
How those long relaxational YouTube videos of tropical beaches make you feel?
What was your reason for getting out of bed today?
Those who have picked up hitchhikers, what was the experience like?
What would your favorite movie's name be if it was renamed to a clickbait Youtube title?
How will animated Webtoons change anime for everyone?
Redditors who cover the webcam, why do you do it?
Someone embarrasses you in front of a large group of people (only one time though). How d you deal with this?
What are some fun Games you can play in your mind, on your own?
Military men and women of Reddit, what’s the most unrealistic thing about modern war movies?
If everything in your home sprung to life, which piece would scare you the most?
What are you doing to keep your sanity these days?
You’ve just been given an encyclopedia from 1950. What entries haven’t aged well?
What's your fast food Horror story?
Considering how bizarre the names of tv/film production companies can be, what is the weirdest production company name you know?
Has anyone actually liked how Game of thrones ended?
Who knows someone or has been personaly associated with the show "60 days in" in any way besides just watching it?
Redditors who spend a lot of time in seclusion (at sea, in the air or out in the wilderness) what's the creepiest or most mysterious thing you've seen, found or experienced?
What rock song do you feel is totally overrated, and why?
What made you love something or someone you once hated/disliked?
Question for people who have face and head tattoos. Why? What were the choices that lead you to make those decision and how have those choices affected your life now?
Work-From-Homers of Reddit. What are the best WFH snacks and meals?
Sleep Paralysis Demons of Reddit, what are some good techniques that’ll scare the living shit out of the person sleeping?
If you could switch lives with one person in the world for a month, who would it be?
When was your first impression of someone spot on?
what movies are better than their books?
What was your "oh shit this is really happening" moment?
People of Reddit, choose a cartoon. You can keep one character, and the rest will be Bojack Horseman characters. What is that TV show and which character do you want to keep?
What is the weirdest compliment you've ever received?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
What is something you didn’t realize your SO does on a daily basis until you moved in with them?
Sleepwalkers and sleeptalkers or Sleepyellers of reddit, how did you cope with it when you first started sleeptalking or sleepwalking?
How do you deal with knowing you will never be as good as something or someone?
[Serious] Where is the least pleasant place you've ever been?
What is one thing you have never seen that everyone else you know has seen?
You are the most OP being in the universe think of maitama what will you do?
If you could ask God a question, what would it be?
Non-Canadians, what is the first city that comes to mind when you think of Canada other than Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal or Ottawa?
What’s the worst trend you’ve ever participated in?
What movie was intense from start to finish?
What's something everyone needs to know about one's self?
Where is a good place to ask about a sexual problem ?
Make a Reddit version or your own of your favourite song lyrics. What can you come up with?
What's your weirdest late night gas station story?
What do you guys do to stay sane during the lock down?
Do people actually believe China's numbers and if you're one of those people why?
During a zombie apocalypse what man made things would continue to operate as if nothing had happened?
If Costco and Sam's Club offered apartments and condos, what would they be like?
Do you use the playback speed adjustment feature on YouTube? If yes, what for?
Americans of reddit, do you feel you are still a true democracy and why?
If you were in Adam’s/Eve’s spot, how would you react if you seen a snake talking to you?
What is your Grindr horror story?
God decides to take a week-long vacation and decides to put you in charge. What do you do to make the best of your time in charge?
What are good fake names?
What song or movie is ruined for you due to a past relationship?
What are some "Faith in humanity restored" moments that you've seen over the last few months?
Why won't phone video call some contacts?
You now have an IQ of 187 what will you do first ?
Early Childhood Teachers of Reddit: what’s the most memorable thing a kid brought to class for show and tell?
If you were given a chance to change your voice's accent, what accent would you change it to and why? Italian accent? British? Australian?
What's your affordable and not affordable dream car?
What is the foundation of your life?
Who’s the nicest/nastiest celebrity you’ve met and what happened?
Why aren't more people using drones nowadays?
What is the most unnecessary thing ever invented?
People of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing to happen to you at a Mall/Shops?
When was a memorable time you felt in danger?
When going to a dinner party, what food(s) do you secretly hope you aren’t going to be served?
What would be the lyrics of we didn't start the fire if it came out today?
What question you should NOT ask in the first date?
What recent rabbit hole have you gone down?
Americans who have moved to another country, how did you escape?
Redditors who have worked late at night in retail, gas stations, etc., what is the scariest thing you have experienced on the job?
What’s a movie you like from a genre you don’t usually like?
What is your least useful skill and how did you happen to learn it?
[Serious] What do you think of weebs?
What are some good CHEAP hobbies to try out at home?
Parents of Reddit: How have your children handled not seeing their school/neighborhood friends during the Great Isolation?
The world hates Karen’s, Felicia’s and finally Carole’s, who is next?
What is your most cherished inanimate possession?
(Serious) Those of you without any sort of irracional anxiety, what's life like in your shoes?
If you could take back one text you've sent, no matter how long ago it was, which one would you take back?
Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, 24 Hours to Hell with Gordon Ramsay. Redditors that have been a part of any of these what was your experience like?
When will our obsession for constant attention stop, be it reddit or somewhere else?
If someone woke up today from a coma they had been in for the past 20 years, what would be the first thing you'd tell them about?
What aspect of your personal life has quarantining improved?
What is the most inexplicable thing you’ve ever witnessed?
What was your favourite reddit post?
People who made a purchase after watching an infomercial, what’s your review of the product?
How does one become the "Tiger King"?
Children of Boomers, How Are You Keeping Your Parents Inside?
Married women, what do you miss about your hoe phase? Do you miss having options?
What is #1 on your list of songs NOT to listen to when isolated?
What's the worse nightmare that became your dream?
What are some red flags for you when scrolling through tinder, or any other dating apps?
What is your favourite childhood video game?
Which celebrity 'Tough guy' do you think is the best fighter in real life?
What's the one incident that made you give up doing something that you love?
People who live alone during these times, what are you doing to stay sane?
What is the worst book that you ever read?
When do you think we humans will come up with a life with no problems?
Who's watching W5 right now? What do ya think?
What is your Grindr Horror Story?
What was the most inappropriate thing that you heard an adult say when you were a kid that didn't hit you until you were grown up?
What was ur greatest childhood toy?
What’s the softest/most comfortable t-shirt or article of clothing you own? Do you remember how you acquired it?
[Serious] Redditors who are currently at home because of society right now and are unfortunately stuck in a bad or abusive situation, how are you doing?
What hobbies have you picked up lately?
What's the most interesting drug deal story you have?
Men of Reddit, what smell do you feel works best on a woman? Are we wasting our money on fancy perfumes?
What is something in life that sucks, but is worth doing because of the outcome?
Answer honestly, how are you?
What’s some good news in these trying times?
what is people’s experience of being in a relationship with someone with extremely different political views?
Which boardgames you can recommend and why?
People who have been part of a pyramid scheme what is your story?
What thing have you tried that you think more people should do?
For everybody going through some hard times right now, how are you doing?
What are some mannerisms that you picked up on from hanging around people too often?
What tips and tricks have you picked up from your job?
At some point in the future, after your death, someone will think of you for the last time. What's the last thought you want to go out of existence on?
Redditors of Reddit, what is something you hate about the Christian community?
What song immediately gets stuck in your head whenever you listen to it?
If you needed to cum in one of your sibilings? Who would it be?
What is your silver lining in all of this?
What age did you start smoking cigarettes? What age did you quit if you quit?
What's something you really like and are proud of?
Redditors that have been part of a hostage situation. How was the experience?
What is the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
If you've gone from atheist to believer, what made it happen?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What makes you paranoid and why?
What’s your favorite form of audio and why? i.e. cassette, CD, MP3, Vinyl, etc?
What wouldn't you do for $100,000?
How is your day?
Why the hell did Idle games become so popular over the years and how can we stop them from bloating the app store?
How can it be that people actually confuse they‘re, their and there?
What are some PR stunts that backfired on companies?
What's the best money you've ever spent?
What would be some click-bait titles of some popular movies?
What is the loveliest thing you want to do with your partner?
TTRPG players of Reddit, when has a player’s seduction utterly inverted the game you were playing (IE: heroes become villains, villains become heroes)?
Why do conspiracy theorists disregard published peer reviewed science when one, or a handful of people (maybe with no formal education), say contrary "evidence" with little to no proof to back what they're saying?
What is that “weird thing” you have saved in your notes?
What's a sound you hear so often that you barely notice it anymore?
What are some of your favorite movies to watch, and then rewatch?
People who went undiagnosed with a serious mental illness for their life, How did you realize you had it? What are some stories do you have about it?
What is the reason behind men not liking kind girls?
What would be the ideal way to spend your birthday?
You’re either a cat or dog and you are holding a stare with your owner. Their phone buzzes and they lose the stare and start using their phone. How are you reacting?
What was the weirdest thing you ate as a child?
Since coughing is no longer socially acceptable - what is your strategy to cover a fart?
Does Reddit have a limit to how many posts you can save?
What is your "I tried it once but I'll never try it again" story?
What's a great vine that nobody knows or isn't famous enough?
What is the nature of reality? [Serious]
What emotional and mental state would you need to be in to spend every available moment you have working out until you're at your weight goal?
What is something or someone you have so much hatred towards and have very little sympathy? Why?
Where do you draw the line between personal problems that need to be "fixed" before a relationship and problems that don't? [Serious]
Is it okay to punch someone if they are being very rude towards you? Why or why not?
What random item have you held on to for years and why?
What do you like to put on your toast?
What do you think of Anti-Vaxxers?
What do you think of Anti-Vaxxers?
What was your weirdest deja vu moment?
You get to make one phone call a year to the Matrix operator and tell them you want to become a master at a specific skill/ability, and you will learn everything in a matter of seconds. When would you place the call and what would you ask for?
When is the wrong time to break into song?
What is the worst thing you can say during a job interview?
If heaven turns out to be real, what is the first thing you are going to ask God when you get there?
There used to be an old (Russian brand) mobile phone which looked like a boxy flip stick. Any idea which brand/make/model it could be?
What's an old phone you had that you really really liked? What did you like from it?
If you could be given citizenship to any country in the world, which one would you choose? Why?
Why do some cats such sluts for ham/pork? Additionally, if a certain meat makes cats farts smell worse, does that mean that the meat is essentially not a good mix with said cat?
How many special people change?
Which youtuber gets too much hate?
You are now the opposite gender what will you do ?
Is there a YouTube equivalent for writers / readers and where is it?
Men of reddit, do you notice when a female smells nice?
Why are their girls on IG that comment on popular pages saying things like “I’m the most beautiful woman in the world” etc.?
What’s your favorite ice cream flavor?
People who worked a job under the table/off the books, why did you stop working that job?
If your username was a school subject, what would be taught and who would teach the class?
Has an ad on YouTube ever actually “worked” on you? What did you buy?
Were you ever in a Final Destination like Situation, in which you almost died?
Light sleepers of reddit, have you tried ear plugs for sleeping, if so, what difference it made on the quality of your sleep?
How possible is it to not love someone at all anymore after 20 years of marriage?
Whats the best prank you ever pulled on a teacher?
What has reddit taught you in your life?
What is the best way to make money online?
[Serious] Redditors who are in one of the 8 states that have not issued stay at home orders, how is everyday life and are you scared?
Who is your least favorite character from your favorite video game?
People in US who hoarded toilet paper second week of March, how did that turn out for you? [serious]
Trump supporters, what is in your opinion so great about him?
What is the one thing that have you done recently that you thought, you could never do?
What’s one thing you still question to this day?
Between 1800-today, if you could send a dollar back in time to make you money today, what time would you send it to, and what would you do with the dollar?
What is your favorite piece of reddit history?
Who’s your favorite character in Mario Kart?
What’re some interesting criminal cases?
Why are you still single at your 30s?
Why are you born as haptic feedback?
Script writers of reddit: what's something most people wouldn't know about the difference in writing dialog for male and female characters?
What’s the biggest lie we are all told?
What is the most interesting thing that you have done recently?
What are some fun card based games for at least 2 people?
People who are able to work from home, what is it you actually do?
What is your music taste?
What's your funniest way to say masturbate?
Which games you can recommend to play local coop with your wife/husband?
To anyone knowledgable: How can someone tattoo at home safely?
How would you react if you found that all the questions and comments on this sub reddit was from all bots?
Gamers of Reddit, what was that one game that made your obsession?
What food tastes the worst coming back up?
What's the nicest thing anybody's done for you?
Frequent Travelers of Reddit, what are the worst (1) airlines; and (2) airports, in the world?
ok really why won't you join m y fanfiction?
What is your worst experience in a McDonald's?
If your S/o asked you to pee in his/her butt, what would you do?
if we followed the logic of mario bros what would you do?
Solicitors of Reddit - how would this be resolved?
The current situation is turned into a move, and you're allowed one sex scene. Who's in it?
Why do you hate/love emojis?
What would be the most awkward time to have a milk moustache?
If you would find out Antichrist's real name, would you persecuted the guy, and how ?
What’s your least favorite country you’ve never been to ?
People who wear clothes inside out and know they do... Why?
What age should u be out of a diaper?
What color appears most often in your life?
What are your favorite sentences or idioms that paint a mental picture?
Gamers of Reddit, when was that time you were so good in a match that other players accused you of cheating and tried to kick you?
What are you doing today?
Honestly, how many times can you say "Regular and rashional rodents running across roads in a row" in a row?
Where and when was the last time you had turd sweats?
What is something that someone on a date could do to put you at ease instantly?
Bank robbers of reddit, how and what got you caught?
How do you remove the rind from a Tropical John?
What would be a good reason to shave your head tomorrow?
What is the most interestinb thing you have done recently?
In absence of Ventilators, couldn’t Hospitals use CPAP/BIPAP machines, normally issued to the public? Why not?
How do you think human beings poop in space?
Where do you see technology in ten years?
What’s so damn good about Ohio?
What is your favorite niche of youtube videos?
What's the right attitude when confronting a family member who's ruining their own life?
Which Twisted Metal character had the most interesting back story?
What’s the most uplifting encounter you’ve personally had this month?
What does love feel like?
What weird rules did your school have?
What are some super solid mobile games to download and play?
What tv show/ movie could have been really good except for the poor quality acting?
What are blind, deaf people dreaming?
What did you dream about last night?
How have you been keeping yourself busy during self-isolation?
What is worse, FOMO, or knowing that nothing is going on?
What is your most nightmarish experience?
Blind people of Reddit, how are you reading this?
What is your perfect crime scenario with detail?
What's the most unsettling thing you've seen/experienced in public?
What is the best and worst thing about being an architect? Do you have an interesting history of your work as an architect?
What was your favorite livestream you watched this week?
what happened when your parents/friends found your reddit acount?
What are good games to play online to stay connected to non-gaming friends / family right now?
You can now choose what the next disaster of 2020 what will it be?
Who do you think are the greatest comedians and why?
At the fork of a hiking trail 2 people refuse to move, what do you do?
What do you think about all basic human needs being provided for free? If people wanted more luxury items, they could purchase them, but in theory, you could live for free. Would this be possible?
People who have a healthy relationship with food, how do you keep from making your next meal your only objective in the whole world?
People of Reddit, what was the craziest coincidence you have ever seen in your life?
When is it okay to put your hands on a child? [Serious]
What's the best, craziest or funniest adventure you have had?
Are there any "internet truths" (like Bob Ross good, Jake Paul bad) that should be abandoned? If so, why?
What are some great text based subreddits to improve English vocabulary?
The amount of relationships a person has been in says a lot. In your opinion how many relationships is too many relationsips? Should you avoid dating people who have been in high amounts of relationships? If so, why?
Do you feel you were born in the wrong time? When should you have been born and why?
Redditors who made a meme and saw it performing well through the roof and sky rocketing to unlimited points, How did you feel about it ?
What’s something unusual that gives you anxiety?
[Serious] Europeans of Reddit...How Annoying are American Tourists Who Are In Your Country To Learn About Their "Heritage"?
What's a word you didn't know the exact meaning of until somebody pointed it out to you?
What are some valid reasons to quit your job?
People whe have a lot followers on Instagram , what was the srangest thing that you were offered?
What is a popular opinion or belief you think is wrong?
Putin attends the G7 in the US: how should the media react?
What are you planning on doing after this is all over?
If you could be anyone, any time, who would you be?
What do you think will make you genuinely happy?
Small Youtubers of Reddit, what do you worry about the Youtube community?
Why did Carole Baskin kill her husband... wrong answers only?
What's special about today for you?
What is your story?
Who is a celebrity or political figure who is purely good, doesn’t have a reason to be hated upon, and that should be recognized for their character?
[Serious] What hope is there left for humanity? Are we done as a species?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
If you had to take care of an extinct animal, what would you do?
What was your first taste of Reddit fame like?
What thing got ruined because of memes?
What the best tech for replacing a pen and paper in a video call?
what songs do you wish you could listen to again for the first time and why?
Fellow degenerates what are some good hentai that we all should watch?
You now are the ruler of earth what would you do first?
What is your favourite movie of 2019 and why?
People going through tough times, what can Reddit do to make you feel better?
If you had a friend from every country, what could you all achieve?
What was such an unnecessary sequel?
What movie sequel was better than the original?
What are the causes of night headaches?
Have your views of America changed in the last few months and if so, why?
[Serious] Male people of Reddit, have you ever cried in public and in front of everyone you know? What did you do to recover your social relationships?
Anime viewers of Reddit, who have watched JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, who else gets kinda emotional whenever they hear the op "chase" by Batta?
What are single people doing now during this stay at home scenario?
Essential workers of reddit : what inessential line of work is deemed essential by your government ? What country ?
Why do you currently still regularly carry around cold hard cash?
Where’s your happy place?
What’s the stupidest thing you did that actually worked?
What opinions do you know about redditors (from tt, ig etc.)? What kind of person is typical redditor for you?
What is something everyone can do easily, yet most of the time they do it, they fail?
what happened when your parents/friends found your reddit acount?
What's your favourite scene from your least favourite movie?
You are now yandere chan what will you do to make senpai in love with you with our killing anyone ?
What is something (non-living) you would pay a fortune for?
What do you think of 25+ year old virgins?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
What are some good ww2 pick up lines?
Hey reddit on what issue do you need drunk advice?
What's the best/happiest thing that happened to you in the past few days?
To those who live in Sweden, what do you think about your country’s approach? How is life right now?
Be honest, how often do you buy a new toothbrush?
You are in the body of harem main character what will you do ?
What’s an unusual food combination you enjoy? [serious]
What’s the best cat fishing story you heard?
Which movie series, after awesome and promising entrance, turns into crap fest?
[Serious] What was something that someone said to you that made you realise their life was in danger?
What is your best Tinder SUCCESS story?
what happened when your parents/friends found your reddit acount?
What’s a video game most people dislike but you like?
On a scale of 1-10, how fucked are we?
What species would you bring back from extinction, to a level of least concern?
What is your favorite donut at Krispy Kreme?
What’s the meanest thing an ex has ever said to you?
How will the future offspring of insta thots adjust when their moms pictures ultimately surface online among their peers?
Small Youtubers of Reddit, what was your most viewed video about?
How can I shit post my Grandma who sent this text "how is your toilet paper supply?"
(Serious) what to do about neighbor keeps letting people from other condo units congregate on our shared porch in volusia florida?
What’s a random thing your partner has done that’s exceptionally made you happy?
If you could have an unlimited amount of a liquid of your choice what would it be and why?
What’s the most physically painful thing you’ve ever experienced?
It’s the year 3056 and you finally invent a device that will create any fictional/real animal or plant using a lazer. What is the first thing you create?
What films are BETTER than the book?
If all of humanity were immortal, would you want to have children? Why or why not?
Ok reddit: what can someone do to improve their life?
How to not sleep?
What story have you heard on the internet that still terrifies you to this day?
What is your best "I'm trapped and I can't get out" story?
How would you feel about a feature where beside your post you could write the tone it was in?
What's the dumbest thing you did this week?
Prison guards of reddit, What is the dumbest way an inmate tried to Escape?
A 19-year-old man is harassing a 16-year-old girl online across multiple platforms and won't leave her alone and she won't tell her parents. Who to go to?
Has anyone got the video where the SA president does the elbow greeting then it cuts to a guy getting an elbow to the face?
What clothing brands are actually high quality and worth the steep price?
If you could relive a memory of yours, which what would it be?
What are some things most of us don't realize about people/jobs/things?
Karens and Chads of Reddit, how do you feel with your name being synonymous with badly behaved or entitled people?
What two superpowers would be absolutely hilarious if they were used to fight against each other?
If you could see a timeline and visit any memory from your life when you die. What moment would visit first?
What screams "I peaked in high school"?
What are some good hobbies for couples?
Who are your screams for?
How would you take down Donald Trump’s ego?
What's the latest time period Batman could run around in the real world and not have been caught immediantly?
What Pokemon would you add to the game (name and details)?
What is your favourite bot on Reddit?
What is a good Show/Movie/Series you would Never Tell anybody it is Great?
What’s your favorite type of chocolate?
What are some things that seem grosser than they really are?
What was your first experience with weed?
You can create a new super hero team who will be in the team ?
What possession of yours was sold/given away without your permission?
If you won 1 million dollars in a lottery, what would you spend it on?
What was your school’s scandal?
How to Strengthen Family Bonds When You’re Staying at Home?
What’s your most boring sex fantasy?
What's your earliest memory of having your mind blown?
What's the weirdest thing that happened to you in the woods?
What is an immovable object meets unstoppable force kind of scenario?
So what advice would you give someone for college?
What was something you saw in someone’s house that made you think “I should probably leave” ?
Generation Alpha is the latest generation, after generation Z. WHY will they be alpha?
People who have sleep paralysis, what does it feel like?
Fellow otakus, if you could travel to one anime universe for a day, which one and why?
If multiple members of a group created numerous time paradoxes of themselves, but then in reality only one member was alive. what would happen to the numerous paradoxes created by the deceased members? Would they still exist to the living person, considering he/she is unaware the originals are not?
what happened when your parents/friends found your reddit acount?
What's an interesting fact about yourself?
[Serious] What is the creepiest/most disturbing thing that happened to you?
If for becoming stupid, it would needs a legal degree, what would you say ?
What's the worse that you have endured just because the other person was hot?
What movie scene traumatized you?
[Serious] Living people of Reddit, what will be done with your remains after death, and why?
What's your mother's maiden name, first car model, favorite color, first pet's name and city you grew up in?
If you could use a super power for ten seconds, what would it be?
Where do you buy your socks?
what is the best camera for video under 500$ with a mic input?
What’s your worst embarrassing moment that still has you waking up with an awful feeling?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of China ?
What is a sentence that is usually normal, but also sometimes stupid?
Is there someone you would die for? Who is it and why?
If God gave you a chance to go back to a previous save point, when would you go back to and what changed would you make?
You have one question you can ask for the rest of your life. What is it?
Which games do you think are easier to develop/code than to actually complete?
What are the best 2 things on earth when put together?
Why are nurses still allowed to tell children "This won't hurt!" before sticking them with needles that will obviously hurt?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen on the subway?
When’s the last time you came to a shocking discovery?
How the hell does someone stay a Virgin until age 30?
People who have indured mental abuse from people or illness. What advice do you have?
When has your fortune cookie been right?
People who got fired on their first day of work. What the hell did you do?
What was your MLM story? How did you run away? Or how did you realize it was MLM? Are you okay now?
What is your best obscure skill and how long did it take for you to master?
We all got stories from school, but When was ur worst day at school, and why?
Was Vietnam a lost cause? Why?
Why is homosexuality so taboo in the Middle East and not in Europe?
What posts on social media did you see that made you think "every day humanity is growing dumber and dumber" ?
[Serious] Dear thieves, what was your biggest heist?
What was the best shortcut that you know?
Redditors at what age was your first fight and what is your current/latest job/career ?
What’s the most badass/inspiring movie, TV, play, or book quote of all time?
What is the reasoning behind your tattoos?
What would you delete if you knew you are about to die?
What is something you hate, but still need it in life?
Reddit, if you could choose between: being avarage at everything you try. Or surpass everyone in one thing, but less than average in every other thing you try. What would you choose and why?
What is something you should never look up on google?
What is something that other people get wrong about your demographic? And what would you want them to know?
What movies from the past (pre 2000) have got the most accuracy when depicting the future?
What was your first experience on alcohol, and how old were you?
What's a surprising lesson you learned by moving to a new place?
What is the biggest achievement you have done so far?
Why is pimping illegal ?
Have you ever looked for someone on tinder or bumble? How did that go?
Why are people mean?
Exorcists of Reddit, whats the most obvious way someone was faking it?
What sub can people list clothes for sale?
[serious] What kinds of food or method of cooking would be best to feed an army with?
What is your favorite video game of all time?
How much bias have you seen surrounding the U.S. presidential election?
What’s the best outdoors smell?
Why do some people try to claim universal human traits as traits that are only apart of their culture?
What is something that you actually didn’t deserve?
You can make a new season of your favorite show what will you do ?
What is the strangest thing you've seen in a bathroom?
Why were low rise jeans so popular in the 1990s and 2000s?
What's the most spontaneous thing you have ever done?
What accomplishments are you NOT proud of?
You have 24 hours to hide from everyone for at least six months, where would you hide?
What was that moment when you realized that person wasn't your friend?
Your entire body is permanently paralysed, you also cannot feel any physical stimulus. What thoughts do you have in mind to conserve your sanity?
What was the biggest turn off for you during sex?
What is the craziest thing you have walked in on ?
Whats the luckiest thing that's ever happened to you?
What’s your favorite free 2 play videogame ?
People with pets, how freaked out are they now given that you never leave the house?
you're able to shrink any non living object down to any size you want just by touching it, how do you use this power?
What was the moment in a piece of media that made you realize that a character you were rooting for went too far for redemption or justification?
What bizarre predictions do you have for 2020?
What happened on your first date?
What's a versatile word in your language equivalent to "fuck" or "shit" ?
What was the best transformation you’ve ever seen?
You get to choose to a super power what will it be?
What are your hobbies?
How much butter do you put in your macaroni and cheese?
What is YOUR irrational fear?
What drama is going on in your life that you think would make for a good reality show or sitcom?
What double standard makes your blood boil?
How do you want to be remembered after you are gone?
You get the ability to change one persons gender. How do you make the most chaos?
Straight men, what part of the woman do you masturbate to?
What is your pee or poop horror story?
What is your favorite thing about ikea?
What are you in the 1% of?
What secrets can you now reveal since you don't work for the company anymore?
People who grew up on small/rural towns but later moved to big cities: what difference surprised you the most?
God is hosting an AMA tomorrow. Everyone is limited to one question and no follow up/two part questions. What do you ask?
For those who english aint their prime language, what are the best idioms you usually say but litteraly translated in english ?
What's something that unexpectedly moved you to tears?
Gamers of reddit what is the most disturbing thing you have heard over the mic?
What is your biggest fear?
What books will be in school's literature textbooks in 2100?
You encounter an entitled parent what will you do ?
If you were to die tomorrow what's something you will regret not doing?
If your favorite movie was renamed as a clickbait YouTube video, what would it's title be?
Relatives of pornstars, what was your initial reaction to their careers?
What is the most unholy eating sin you have ever witnessed?
What’s your favorite Ben and Jerry’s flavor? Why?
What's the longest time you've spent sleeping in your life?
Do you have one moment that changed your life, for either better or worse? What was it?
Android people: What game is getting your attention right now?
What are you guys thankful for?
If your life was a movie, who would play your role besides yourself?
How to deal with being almost 25 and never having a lover?
Cam girls of reddit, what are the best and worst parts of your job? Any stories?
Hey Baristas of Reddit! What insights do baristas get into customers based on their coffee orders?
If you had the power to travel truth universes, in which would you go? Why? What would you do?
You wake one day and realize you can control anyone what will you do ?
Mods of reddit, what’s your favourite subreddit?
Stockholm syndrome victims of reddit, how do you feel after all those years ? Do you still have feeligs towars your captor ? Or do you hate her/him ?
What would be a good indicator that your chess opponent is a rookie?
What would be your ideal Snapple fact to read?
What was a crime that was perfect if it wasn't for some random element?
Lovers of Rachmaninoff's music, which of his pieces do you like the most?
What does cum taste like in detail?
What's a rare collectible you've always wanted?
What is the weirdest place you’ve had sex?
What makes sense at first glance but doesn't when you think about it?
What does richest self-made woman you know do for a living? How much does she make a year?
What's the craziest thing a psychic has told you that turned out to be true?
Reddit, what are you up to these days?
Teens of Reddit, what is the worst thing you've been caught doing?
What’s the greatest song of all time?
What is the best advice you’ve been given in life?
What pranks did you on April Fools Day?
What small creature would be scary human sized?
What game has made you rage quit the most?
What meal is best homemade?
What was something terrible that happened to you, and then got even worse?
What is the female version of the boobs or ass debate?
Who is a youtuber you hate and love at the same time and why?
What is something that anyone can look awesome doing (maybe not always, but at least once) ?
When did you realise that a “normal” habit or quirk of yours was anything but?
You can make one rule what will it be ?
What is your rags-to-riches story, or vice-versa?
Cosplayers of reddit,what’s a cosplay you’ll never do again?
Enough of sad things, people who have been in prison/jail what's the best thing that has ever happened you witnessed?
How’s your day been going?
What is the most rebellious thing you’ve done?
What is the lesson you learnt from the darkest phase of your life?
Girls of reddit do you prefer length or girth when it comes to penises, and can you give reasons why?
Students of Reddit, what is the most disgusting thing a person ever said to you in school campus?
Can someone find the tumblr post about how if all the cats went to one place on earth they could take over? Then single people would have to take on like 5 cats at one time??
Women of Reddit; what do you like doing during foreplay?
What's your most embarrassing story?
With possible technology, if you could sculpt the moon, what would you make?
What would be the worst brand names for what’s in your fridge?
Does everything have to be boring? Why?
You are about to get executed on death row what are your last words?
What is your Starbucks horror story?
Parents of reddit, what expensive something did you you break, but successfully blamed your kid(s) for it?
You are now a motivational speaker, but you can only use truly terrible people such as Hitler, Ted Kaczynski, Pol Pot, Stalin, etc as examples for your motivational stories and quotes. What would your speeches be like?
Former judges of Reddit, what was the most dumb case you ever were called to?
what is the best tv series of all time?
Great Recession graduates, what is your career/life advice for those graduating in the current job market, considering that a global recession is likely to happen soon?
Barbers/hairstylists of reddit, What are some tips for cutting your own/family members hair?
What's your stood up story?
You get to make anything what will make ?
Twins of Reddit, how do you share a sixth sense with your twin?
What’s your favorite color?
[Serious] What was your worst trip, and how was it?
Whats the dumbest thing and most serious thing you've fought with your siblings over?
Bill Gates walks up and vaccinates your girlfriend. What do you do?
What is a logically stimulating thing to focus on?
How y’all doing today?
Do you consider yourself mature? Why/ why not?
Blind people of Reddit, how's it going?
What do you dislike about your generation?
[Serious] Redditors who have just woken up from a coma, what was it like to wake up during a global crisis?
How would you influence an instagram user to join reddit?
What mythical creature would improve the world the most, if it existed?
What is the deal with the mobile version of reddit? Why is there so much hatred towards it? Is there really that much difference?
What is something weird that you do that you've never heard mentioned but are sure is done by other people?
Why don’t you make your bed each morning?
Historians of Reddit what is the nation that is committed the most war crimes?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
Wich is your favorite movie/series character ever, and why?
what is the best camera for video under 500$ with a mic input?
Teacher's Pets, what was the best thing you've gotten from sucking up to the teacher?
What do you think you’re most known for as a person?
What will happen in 2021?
How would you feel if your friend told you they were a sociopath? [Serious]
You a reincarnated in the world of pokemon/digimon (which ever one you pick) what would you do ?
What is the best joke that you’ve ever heard?
People who clean (it doesn't matter what it is) as a job. What was your worse errand so far?
Guys of reddit, what's your worst random boner at the wrong time moment ?
When you were younger, how did you use 'Opposite Day' to your advantage?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit; what is the most awkward date you’ve ever witnessed on the job?
A Lethargic Genius Once Said, “People Say Nothing is Impossible, But I Do Nothing Everyday.” What Are Your Favorite Phrases to Live by in These Bewilderingly Boring Times?
Whats the real life equivalent to AFK?
Is cereal soup? Why or why not?
What are some fascinating examples of ancient or medieval technology?
What is your favourite riddle?
What are the intentions of self harming?
What is a subreddit that you just absolutely hate? Like you just want to delete the reddit app or never go on again?
When has someone tried to convince you that you were lying?
Dear Fat or/and use to be fat people, what was your wake up call that you needed to lose weight?
When was getting detention worth it?
to what extent is “no relationship is perfect” true?
what are some weird body facts you wish you could forget about?
Why is your life "the worst"?
What would your favourite film's title if it was a ridiculous summary of it?
What's some less obvious advice you'd want to pass on to someone moving out for the first time?
When did you know you had peaked?
What is worse than heartbreak?
What is a good example of doing something that you could yet shouldn't?
If you could, what fictional universe would you live in?
What is your “side hustle”?
Musicians of reddit, which songs can you not sing without bursting into tears?
Which is better (choose ONLY ONE): beer, wine, straight liquor, or cocktails?
What's a small sign, besides the obvious ones, that you're really starting to lose it?
What is the most satisfying thing you've seen?
You are isekai'd to another world what will you do ?
Which subreddit would you rename to better reflect its content?
Teachers, janitors and other people at school, what has a student done to hurt you (physically and/or emotionally)?
Aviators of Reddit, what plane do you want that you can’t afford at the moment?
If you had your own personal robot, what would you call it and what tasks would you ask it to do for you?
The Earth is doomed to be destroyed in 24 hours and you are the only one who can save it. If your username has to do with the way the planet is to be destroyed, how do you save it?
How do people on ventilators or people who are in a coma brush their teeth?
If you had a day to choose 5 songs (that you know or even slightly remember) that you would exclusively listen to for the rest of your life, what would they be?
What things are currently much cheaper or much more expensive during "these times"?
What's your "lucky lottery" story?
What are the most surreal places one can ever visit?
Do you think that US is AS stricter AS Communism around the world and where ?
You are now God what will you do now ?
Single. Day 6. Just started toilet paper roll #2 last night! How many have you gone through?
What if this part of an elaborate plan to take over the world by a GMO mouse? How can we be sure?
Redditors who died and were resurrected, what was it like? What do you remember ?
How long do you wait to sleep with somebody?
Who would like to be on the toilet together with a German star and with whom?
What is the most embarrassing way you’ve gotten hurt?
Why is Islam called the religion of peace?
Why do Japanese people have sibling(ie: big bro little sis) fetish? Why do Americans have a parent fetish(Ddlg)?
What do you have right now that you want to and can donate to someone else who needs it?
What sentence has never been said before?
Would you love a feature on Reddit where you were able to block all content from Subreddits you didn't like?
My question is simple, what if you meet a time traveller &amp; you have a chance to ask only one question ? Note that :- the one question cannot be "Can I ask you multiple questions/more than one?"
If you could watch any show for the first time and believe it was real, which show would you watch?
Now that a lot of you are suddenly working from home, what video-conferencing mishaps have you encountered so far?
[Serious] Q4Women, How important is penis thickness when it comes to pleasure during intercourse?
What have you learned about your pet now that you are staying at home 24/7?
How do you like your coffee and what's the best type?
What are the reasons billion dollar companies ask for a bailout?
You're God's assistant you can make 1 change to existence but you cannot directly break the ten commandments and can not reverse any of God's changes. How do you create anarchy?
what's the worst you've been ghosted?
What were you doing wrong your whole life?
For everyone cooking at home, what’s one trick you do to make a meal stellar?
Family trees are a fascinating thing. What famous person are you distantly related to?
How can you express yourself without sounding like a whiny or self-pity person?
What businesses are thriving these days?
What opinions/research have you done on 5g conspiracy stories?
Why do self destructive behaviors feel like stress relievers, such as smoking, drinking alcohol or energy drinks, etc?
What is the dumbest thing a teacher has ever admitted to doing on purpose or by accident?
You've been given an elephant. You can't get rid of it. What would you do with it?
Star Wars V.s. Lord of the rings? To the autistic community of reddit what is your preference to the to franchises above and why do you prefer one over the other?
What are the best mind bending films?
Steroid users of reddit, why did you start and how did it affect you when you stopped?
(Wrong answers only) How do you identify a sociopath?
Where do you feel or believe your conscious is located?
What are the problems women have that men won't understand?
You can manipulate time what will you do ?
What is your scariest paranormal experience?
People who quit weed, why did you quit ?
Do you ever get fed up of how the world just...is, but then you recall or witness something good and wholesome, and then you find your resolve to keep fighting the good fight? How would you describe it?
Replace one word in a movie title with 'Butt'. What do you get?
If you could know absolute truth about one thing, what would you want to know?
Families with kids back from college, how’s the sudden reunion going?
Only children of Reddit, what was it like for you growing up?
What’s the most trouble you’ve got into while high?
What conspiracy theories about the current situation do you genuinely believe?
What are your plans for Easter?
If you could have one super power that only activated while you held your breath, what would it be?
[nsfw] What was one nsfw moment of your life you’ll never forget?
In a presidential style debate, which CEO's would you like to see try to convince you that they have the best company?
What's the strangest thing you've seen in someone else's car?
What is the craziest dream you've had with a celebrity in it?
Dear Reddit, What are the reasons to appreciate Tom Nook?
People who have been resuscitated - probably a dumb question but how does it feel and do you remember anything?
What is today's equivalence of a 90's flame shirt / car paint job?
Why does it rain so much in Britain?
Redditors, what do you do for fun?
In the future, the thoughts and memories of one fictional character will be simulated in an AI to ‘bring them to life’. Which fictional character should it be and why?
You have the option to tell somebody something you’ve always wanted to tell them. Who is it and what would you tell them..?
Where is a place you've been to that you were super excited to go to, but ended up being severely disappointed when you got there?
What's one place in the world everyone should visit?
Doctors of Reddit, what type/model of pagers do you use?
[Serious] How do you deal with a psychopath and how do you cope with the after-effects if things turned messy?
What makes you sad?
What food dish do you miss the most right now?
What’s the one thing you want to tell your best friend but can’t?
What was the drunkest thing you’ve done while drunk?
Scratch Users of Reddit, what is your best Scratch project?
Physicians of Reddit, what are some rare or odd allergies you have heard of or seen people have?
What’s a non-sexual act that turns you on?
What’s the name of the group chat you have with your friends, &amp; where’d the name come from?
What to do in qua***tine?
What would be the worst moment for someone to say "don't worry I'm a professional"?
Gamers what got you into gaming?
What is the last song you would want to listen to before you die?
You can make a drug with any effect.What effects it would have?
If we’re heading for a recession with 10+ million unemployed, what are possible benefits or nightmares we can look forward to, presently and in the years to come?
Left Twix or right Twix? Why? (Serious)
What book would make a stunning theater adaptation?
What's the best way to escape the police in a high-speed car chase?
If unplugging and then plugging back in doesn’t work the what’s wrong with it?
What are some good tips to lose weight (female) ?
What's something that you thought you would never do when getting older?
People of reddit, Why do you love your state or country?
Men of Reddit, when did you experience sexism? How did it affect you and your daily lifestyle?
[Serious] Why should abortion be legal?
You’ve named your pets, but what do you think they’ve named you?
People who have woken up during surgery, what did you see?
What’s something that happend in life that changed your future self?
What is your Tinder love story?
Why does a round pizza come in a square box?
What goes through the minds of people that protest at pride parades?
What's your top 5 favorite movie of all time ?
What’s your favourite Simpsons quote?
If you had your very own Terminator to command, what would be the first thing you would do with it?
If you were to become the main character of any game, what would it be and why?
What’s something that was originally good, but was ruined by how popular/overused it was?
What are the best ways to fix a broken heart? And why?
What is a strong opinion you used to have that has changed now? What changed it?
What are some good songs to vibe to?
Why are Russians not considered Asian when the majority of the country is in Asia?
Adults, what is something you wished school had taught you before jumping into the world?
What if 1 million people in the same city flushed at the exact same time? What would be the outcome of such an experiment?
What is one way you want to change the world?
What is your guilty pleasure food ?
You watch a movie and all the actors are replaced with you and people you know. What movie would you want it to be?
Redditors. What's your favorite attraction at the amusement park? Why?
What is the logical solution to feeling extremely bad?
What are the seemingly craziest conspiracy theories which have actually been proven as true?
What is one thing that you were absolutely 100% sure about, only to discover in hindsight that you were absolutely wrong?
What’s something that your family members do that really annoy you?
What song/music would you like to die listening to?
What're some of your favourite novel collections?
What are you saving money for right now?
What can one learn/know right now in 10 minutes that will be useful for the rest of life?
This year we have an entire month of 4/20, How are we going to celebrate?
How seriously do you consider the recommendations and faith in science of Dr. Birx &amp; Dr. Fauci when they stand silently, in agreement and without ever openly correcting, President Trump as he blindly tells the Americans to have religious mass gatherings for Easter?
What's your best moment with your pet?
What book or movie series is ruined by the last book/movie in the series?
Which franchise are you most disappointed about the gradual decline in quality of?
Politicians, no matter the scale, how and when did you get started with your career?
Dear reddit, what’s your best college experience?
What movie would be a GREAT videogame?
Would you consider yourself, and in what sense, to be a "bint"?
What's the best part of reddit?
What's the most disgusting thing in the house that most people don't clean?
people with a casual attitude about texting and driving, explain why you think it's ok?
The greatest fear of many men is that their winky is too mighty, and may pose a threat to the safety of any woman they take as gf. What is the best way to warn woman of your winky’s power before inviting her to be mounted?
How do you feel now that Steven Universe Future is over for good?
What’s your favorite junk food in your country?
If money was no issue, where would you live and why?
What did it feel like to be inside the World Trade Center at the time of the 9/11 attacks?
People who've been homeless, what's something paranormal that happened to you while on the streets?
What always reminds you of home?
People of reddit who have met online friends irl, how was it?
What are three traits your polar opposite would have?
Couples/Married people of Reddit, what was the moment you knew they were the one?
If you were stuck saying one phrase for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Why do comments on most subs refrain from use of emojis?
What's a nostalgic song most people forgot about that you want to remind them of?
Kinky people of Reddit, what's your super uncommon fetish?
What is it about capitalism that makes the rich getting richer and the poor becoming poorer? What would some of methods be to stop this?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing your client has done while defending them in court?
[Serious] Deaf people of Reddit how have you been treated when you go to a restaurant/drive thru?
Ex-homeless of Reddit. What are some of the most interesting being -homeless myth you’ve heard?
To what extent do you think Donny is a dick for referring to federally appointed medical professionals by their first names?
What do you guys tought of the david icke podcast, regarding the current situation?
[serious] How have you wasted your life?
What's on your bucket list?
What is your most NSFW Tinder story?
To the boomers of reddit, whats your relationship with your children or parents?
What is the thing that you cannot improve from along time?
What would be a good crossover?
Gamblers of Reddit, how much have you lost betting?
What is the Difference between Soccer and Football.?
How do you do a fatality on mortal kombat 11?
What is a good positive podcast like a radio show to listen to?
What was your first car ?
People of Reddit what is the weirdest stuff you saw in a public bathroom?
People who don’t like to drink water, why?
What tactic should be used to keep people at home?
Whom would you support Light Yagami or L from death note and why?
What would be the most-watched sex tape of all time?
What is the thing that u want to add to ur body?
Morticians of Reddit, how did you get into your career and what’s the most memorable thing that’s happened?
What is the craziest coincidence involving you?
If common sense exists, how do you quantify it?
How can somebody turn off the automatic upvoting Reddit does when you post/comment?
What embarrassing memories keep you up on sleepless nights?
When was the last time you washed your keys?
If you could travel through time, space and imagination to assassinate one fictional character, who would it be and at what point in their timeline?
How are you using all this free time?
If you discovered life had a customization option, what would you do?
What video game made you feel the most powerful?
What is your favorite thing to do at home in this situation?
What’s something that really makes your blood boil?
What is the most inspiring speech you have ever heard?
After LA &amp; NY, which American city is the 3rd most well known?
Reddit, do you ever eat cake frosting straight out of the tub? Why or why not?
[Serious] Trash collectors of Reddit, what’s something you’ve seen in someone’s trash that made you think “what the hell is going on in that house?”
What's the worst thing a teacher has done to you?
What's something people might think kills you, but actually doesn't?
You now know the year you will die. For every year of your life that you’re willing to give up, your bank account is funded with 1,000,000$. How many years are you willing to give up, and what would you use the money for?
Redditors of reddit, what is the greatest roast you have ever witnessed?
What’s your Grindr horror story?
[serious] Has climate change REALLY gotten better during this time of people not being allowed to go out? If so how?
People of reddit who speak different mother languages than their partner, what was meeting your parents in law like?
What advice from old people is completely useless and outdated for younger generations?
Are Air Force recruiting stations open right now ? Why ?
Why would it be wrong to draw the prophet Muhammed?
What’s a lesson that you learned from video games that you actually apply to your life?
What was a dumb rule your school made everyone follow?
You only have time to save one from certain death: Your mother or your spouse. Who do you choose and why?
Create a sex position. How would you describe it?
What simple house improvements and maintenance things should we be doing this time of year?
What interesting thing is going on in your life right now?
people of reddit, what is the most cool mythological/fantasy creature you've ever seen?
Women of Reddit, did you really have to cheat and show your true colors?
Do you believe in psychics and mediums with their end of times predictions? Why or why not? [serious]
What is your favorite pre-N64 videogame?
What is something small that makes you different from your friends and family?
How should pay for essential business employees be improved?
What is something that separates you from every single other person on the planet?
People who own "tacticool" firearms, beyond how actually beautiful the gun looks, is there also a practical side to it?
What does a strong personality look like to you?
Waste management workers of Reddit: what's the most harrowing thing you've encountered on the job?
Do you believe life is controlled by a string of fate, or “destiny”, and what makes you think that way?
It only takes a second to make a big mistake that you will forever regret. What happened in your second(s)?
If you would describe 2020 with a song title, what would it be?
What’s a fun online game to play with friends from anywhere in the world, turn based or simultaneously?
Suddenly, you find yourself in a random body at a school for magic in the middle of class. What do you do?
What is a song that got you through a really difficult part of life that you still remember?
What would be your sitcom catchphrase?
What is the best recommends for a woman is bored all day?
What would be the worst superpower to have?
What was built in a day?
[Serious] what skills are you planning on building during the next few weeks?
People of Reddit, what's bothering you?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made while shopping?
Drug dealers of Reddit, how's business?
What are some of the most unappreciated jobs throughout history?
People who don’t like infinity war why?
Has anyone won the cash prize for completing a survey, and what was the brand?
Native American strippers age 35-50 of reddit, what is your favorite beyblade?
What video game franchise took a nosedive in quality?
People who felt like they lacked any purpose, how did you create your purpose?
What are the thing that it is simple,but challenging ?
What has been the weirdest psychadelic experience you've had?
What food you remember like eating a lot when you were a child but suddenly started hating it?
If you went to bed, and woke up with different clothes on, what would you assume had happened?
You can make any new invention. What do you make and why?
What’s some good music for the end of the world, any mood, any genre, album or songs?
What are some of the more unusual things to blame flatulence on?
What's the weather like over there?
What will happen in the world after all that is currently happening?
What is your FarmersOnly horror story?
What's a sign that your friend is fake?
What's your "It's so stupid, it just might work" success story?
What is the worst thing you did to get out of an awkward situation?
What new hobbies have you started during this crisis?
Meme masters of reddit, which meme gets you laid the most?
If the US President became a pharmaceutical sales rep what would be his drug of choice to sell?
What do you do when others try to bother you to the point where you’re going to snap?
What would your dream house be full of?
911 operators, what’s the scariest phone call you ever received? [Serious]
What is the funniest or oddest interaction you’ve had with a wild animal?
What have you started doing for yourself that you will never again pay someone else to do?
You suddenly turn into your spirit animal what kind of animal are you and what are you doing?
What is a phrase you use way too much?
Out of everyone you know, what is the worst case of student debt you've ever heard of?
What is your opinion on highschool relationships and if they will last after highschool?
Good afternoon humans of reddit, how was your day so far?
What held you back in life? How did you escape?
Redditors who hate Greta Thunberg...why?
Which fictional character would you like to meet in real life ?
What do you think of Paul Joseph Watson?
What’s the funniest/weirdest conversation you had with a random/wrong number?
How can a country as advanced as the US allow a president and Senate that simply doesn't care about their people?
If you had to do one thing, what would it be?
People who watch Money Heist: What would your city name be?
What is something cute girls do without knowing it is cute?
If you had a Theme Song, what will it be?
What dishes are you best at cooking?
What is the weirdest thing the US government has stored in the Library of Congress?
The internet shuts down in 1 hour. It will never be back again. How will you spend this hour?
What animal has the most enjoyable lifestyle?
How do you feel about store managers getting paid in full while putting everyone else on unpaid time off?
Americans of Reddit, what are your views on your country’s healthcare system?
What sign have you seen so far from our shelter at home munchies?
What is the best song about gambling?
What's your favorite Oneliner?
What very specific group of people do you hate the most?
What about having a conversation with a guy in his early 20s,any girls?
What are you most proud of?
What is your Bumble horror story?
How does it feel to ghost someone that used to mean a lot to you or getting ghosted by one?
Doctors of Reddit, what was the stupidest thing a patient have done to be in the hospital?
What's one thing you wish you'd never done as a kid?
Did you have an imaginary friend as a kid, if so what was their name and story?
Redditors who were around during the time of lonelygirl15, what was it like? Did you believe it? Why/why not?
How bad has 2020 been for you?
You have the ability to secretly decide who is president every election, how will you decide?
Which video game character has taught you an important lesson and how did it change your life?
What’s your safe word during sex?
What does it feel like when you get immense rage inside you so you cut ties with everyone around you to not harm the realtionship with them?
Cops of reddit what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen in someones house?
What does richest self-made woman you know do for a living? How much does she make a year?
You just rolled a natural 20 in the next action you plan on taking in RL, what's the result?
People who have been involved in the porn industry one way or the other, what are the institutions and individuals like? Is it usually on the up and up or is it scummy?
What is your go to book recommendation?
What are some news sites that don't skew the news?
What is something that is legal but should be illegal?
What did you eat for dinner yesterday?
What is something you said you would never do but ended up doing anyway?
If someone DDOSed you and fried your router right now, what else would you have to do for entertainment?
What subreddit do you only visit every once in a while?
What does it feel like when you start to stop being friends with people just so that they cant leave you first because of something that might happen?
What’s your favorite “single person” meal?
You get to choose a video game to be trapped in. The only way to escape is to beat the game. Anything you obtain in the game, you obtain in real life. (Money, possessions) If you die in the game, you die irl. What video game do you choose?
[Serious] Redditors that keep “bug-out” bags, what do you keep in them BESIDES weapons?
What is the most frequent subreddit?
Who is a famous person who hasn’t been cancelled, but should be?
What are some strange/frightening memories you have from when you where little that you can’t really explain?
Why are Private Military Contractors looked down on, and frowned upon?
What is the most underrated movie?
What's an underrated song?
Moviegoers of reddit, what irregular movie have you cried during and why?
Gamers, what videogame/vieeogame serie has the best lore in your opinion?
How many pets have you had/do you have, and have any been more special than others?
To reddit starbucks workers, has there been a time where there two people with the same name on there drink order? What happened? was it interesting?
When You Look Into A Mirror Are You Looking Into The Past Or The Future?
Former college students of Reddit, what are some fun stories for you to tell us?
What's a song that you're glad that you accidental listened to?
What would be the best/worst payback to hit China with for ruining our spring semester?
What is something weird that you did as a kid that you still do now?
What is the weirdest family vacation you have ever taken?
What band do you like that gets a lot of hate?
What are the stereotypes about people who drive Nissan altimas?
[Serious] Disabled people of reddit: what do you miss not being able to do due to your disability? If in case you miss sth at all?
Reddit readers, which day at work will you remember forever?
What’s something you’d want to let your 18 year old self know?
Are airforce recruiting stations open right now ? Why ?
After how many months will letting us go back to work be the more socially just thing to do?
When did shut down the alpha kid?
What is the unluckiest thing that has happened to you?
If you became God, what’s the first thing you would change or get rid of completely?
you become the best in the world at 1 particular skill, what skill do you choose and why?
How do you deal with people who constantly send you links (news articles, YouTube videos, etc.) that typically warrant a response....but you just don’t want to read/watch most of the time?
What is your favorite soap flavour?
What is your craziest hallucination story you had that nobody believes?
What is your best Tinder experience?
Wonderful gay/lesbian/bi peoples of the internet, what was a thing you did before realizing you were gay/lesbian/bi that in retrospect is something that should have made you realize you were gay?
What's the most impressive skill you've taught yourself?
What can you not believe is real?
Teens of Reddit, What has been the worst thing a friend/ family member has said to you?
What’s something sweet that you’ve seen or heard someone else do for someone that you’d wish someone would do for you?
[Serious] What joke does reddit make on a regular basis that you think should be retired?
What are some unusual food combinations that you eat?
What is the most insignificant heated argument you've ever had?
If your spouse got pregnant with/impregnated another person, would you stay with them? Why or why not?
If you get to choose what kind of living creature you’re going to be in your next life, what creature would you choose?
What are some examples of real world super villains?
What's the best way to get rid of history and recommendations of porn?
What group of people do you have nothing but hatred for?
What occasions do you feel like bursting into song?
What so bad about hookup culture?
When travel is allowed, how soon will you travel for fun?
How would you passively/legally drive a nosy neighbor a little crazy?
When did the ‘cool kid’ ruin their reputation?
What song touches your sensible fibre?
What subreddit do you hate the most?
Redditors who have needed a jumpstart for your car - what's your story? Were you able to get people to stop and help?
How do you see yourself in 20 years ?
Why or why don't you think we'll see another species of man within our lifetime?
What's the specifics to your sexual preference?
You just received 10 million dollars, What would you do next ?
What was the worst spoiler someone said that made you not want to go see a movie?
What is your Craigslist horror story??
What was the best prank you ever pulled?
What was the most awkward experience you've ever been through?
What is something everyone loves but you just cant stand?
What’s the closest experience you’ve had to a supernatural experience?
Lets say you have ZERO money and just a laptop and internet connection from your neighbor how would you create a livable income online (2000-5000) per month (and then how would you scale that money) in this situation we are having right now?
On behalf of a friend who can tie knots of string, amongst other things, with her tongue. Is this a thing in the internet?
What should one do to be more like you ?
What is the best prank that you did on April Fools day?
Which side of the bed is yours and why?
What is a small lie/excuse you’ve made that spiraled out of control?
How proud are your ancestors right now watching you?
For those of who have worked at you continue to work at call centers/telemarketers, what is the strangest answer that you’ve gotten after your pitch?
Cops of Reddit, what was the most shameless criminal you’ve ever seen?
Who was ur worst gf/bf and why?
How did you find reddit?
What is your Plenty of Fish horror story?
What addiction do you have and what do you think causes it?
people are always overwhelmed or underwhelmed, how does one feel just “whelmed”?
How would you describe having a crush feels like?
where is Greta Thunberg?? is climate change still our worst enemy??
Dear Karma Gatherers, what is your weirdest reddit post that actually gained you some karma?
If dinosaurs evolved into birds what puny animal will humans evolve into in 80 million years?
[Serious] People that have been shot, what happened and how does it feel?
Why was there never an Avatar the Last Airbender season 4?
What discontinued food/drink do you miss?
When you have to poop, do you apply pressure heavily in phases or lightly but constantly?
What is the correct way to react after having been cut from someone else’s life?
If picture and video taking capabilities were around since the beginning of mankind, how different do you think the world would be today?
What moment made you automatically long for your mother?
People of Reddit with crazy near death experiences, what were they?
What was the last thing you sat down/stood outside and ate/drank at a food truck/restaurant/bar/brewery?
Dead people of reddit, how does it feels dying?
What really confuses you about your family?
What's the best way to grow out a beard?
Spiritual. How to cleanse a room without sage?
If your life story was to be taken into a movie , which director would you want to direct it ?
What goes bump in the night ?
From what movie did you actually predict the plot twist ending?
What happened to you to make you either lose your faith or start believing?
What’s your favorite, “a million dollars, but...” situation?
You wake up one day and everyone hates you, how do you make people like you again?
Why do big name companies make it almost impossible to completely remove all connections you have with them?
Who has done DMT and broke through? If so how was your experience like?
Who or what is going to save the world in this crisis?
Cooks, bartenders, and servers, what was the last meal you cooked, drink you mixed/poured, item you served?
If you could Inspector Gadget-ize one of your hands, what would you have come out of your fingers?
What are your ideas about an business or investment (3000€ budget) at 17 years old?
Why won't China listen to Hong Kong?
Have you seen scary things during sleep paralysis and how do you continue sleeping in that room?
In the current times, where do you go with a match on Tinder?
People of Reddit who grew up with extremely religious parents that do not currently practice the faith, how old were you when you finally told your parents?
Why do teachers that don't enjoy teaching become teachers?
What are some binge-worthy tv shows?
What’s the most important material thing you’ve ever lost?
Assuming where you happened to stop playing on a save is where that character ultimately dies in that version of that universe, what kind of places did death surprisingly occur?
What happens to all the homeless people while states are in lock-down?
Doctors and healthcare professionals of Reddit, what’s the hardest call/decision you’ve had to make?
What is the weirdest thing that you have discovered about someone close to you?
If you could end the universe whenever you wanted, when would you do it?
What's your favorite movie?
Who's the most entitled person you've met?
What's your best "ran out of gas" story?
What's been your favorite thing to do nowadays and why?
What would be better if you could just change the colour of it?
What's you chill song?
People who live in NY right now, what’s the current situation like and how are you dealing with it?
Night shift workers of reddit what was the scariest thing you've experienced while at work?
People who have stayed with an S/O after they cheated, why?
What's something you can do with a crush during this stay at home period?
people of reddit in a relationship, how did you meet?
People who lost a significant amount of weight/gained healthy weight in a relatively short amount of time, what kind of support system did you have?
Do you want to have kids (and why) ? If yes, do you think you can raise them correctly ? If no, do you feel there is a pressure to have kids (especially towards women)?
What is in your "homework" folder?
Redditors, what was your moment of excitement followed by shattered dreams?
Have you ever fallen for a cartoon character? If so, who?
Gamers of reddit. What is your favourite video game OST?
What sub so-unds ns-fw but isn't?
What’s something you’re proud of but can’t tell anybody you know?
How do you like to consume your cannabis?
Blind people of reddit how did you find out you are blind ?
You have 1 hour to live, what do you do?
If you could live 1000 years, would you? Why or why not?
When's a moment that reminded you, life can be beautiful?
How do people start studying for exams?
What did you used to think was boring but now think is actually quite fun after being stuck at home the last few weeks?
What is the first word that comes to your head when you hear the word politics?
What is the name of your favourite TV show, but written like a Youtube clickbait title?
When was the last time you horribly misjudged someone, and what happend?
What are your favorite moviegoing experiences?
What rare item do you always hoard in a game?
How did you say to your SO "I love you" for the first time?
What historical event took place the day you were born?
What’s the worst advice somebody could come up with?
Americans, what state do you live in? Do you like your state, and for what reasons?
How do you stay motivated in school?
How would the world be different if people were not affected by alcohol?
Dreamers of Reddit what’s your most Safe for work NSFW dream?
Welp looks like you’re god now what is your first action as a immortal all knowing and powerful god?
911 phone operators of Reddit, what's the most memorable call you've received?
How can someone be happy again who is struggling with depression and recently broke up with the love of their life?
What is a Tinder date that did not go the way you expected it to?
What was the most NSFW thing you have seen at school?
What are the best stoner foods?
What's your "kids say the darndest things" moment?
What is your best Tinder story?
What has been your worst experiance on a date?
If you could live life like a movie, what kind of movie would you like to live in?
What are you really proud of?
If you hide a treasure, what clues would you leave behind?
Your genitalia can talk. How do they try to get laid?
you're able to shrink your body down to any size you want and fly when you're 1 inch tall or shorter, what do you do?
For those of us who have gone to one, what is your best memory of summer camp?
If real life had loading screen tips, what would some of them say?
Retail workers, what’s your best “the customer is wrong” moment?
If you could eat a cake from the breast milk of any woman you like, who would it be and why?
What kind of question are you looking for?
When's a time you were able to succeed in a "Fake it till you make it" situation?
What's the most Ok Boomer thing you heard recently?
Google can now answer any question perfectly. What is the first thing you ask?
What animal starts with H?
Refinery workers of reddit When theres nothing to do at work what do you do to make yourself look busy?
Those of you who have posted fake reviews, what is an easy way to tell a review is fake?
What makes you different from other people?
What's something that you thought you would do when you had the time but aren't doing right now?
Why people want uncensored hentai?
How would you feel if cheesecake is actually a pie?
Trying to gain stability in life but how?
What's the most scariest thing that you've experienced or listened from your parents/grandparents or anybody else?
Who/What ruined Christianity for you?
What would be suggestions of contemporary twisted whodunit for someone who found Knives Out underwhelming ?
What is the most creative way to fuck with noisy neighbours?
What are the craziest theories or fake news that you’ve heard about everything going on right now?
Reddit, what's something important that's happening and it is not known because of the epidemic?
What's the most wholesome thing you've ever seen?
What is the most cringeworthy compliment or pick up line you've ever heard?
Who, if anyone, fulfills the Oprah role in entertainment today?
What are some things that keep you in a good mood while stuck at home?
Ex-conspiracist of Reddit how you got into that and what got you out?
Why people are ashamed of being feet fetish ?
Whats your favorite song from 2000-now?
What are some quotes from The Office that you're surprised haven't become memes yet?
What is your most wholesome/best (dating site) story?
What are the best games to play at a 6-feet-aparty?
People who get offended when someone calls you babe, hun, sweetheart etc etc what is your problem?
What’s one movie quote that still sticks with you?
What is something you've spent 10,000 hours on but still suck at?
Dreamers of Reddit what’s your most Safe for work NSFW dream?
If you could instantly solve one small problem in your life, what would it be?
What things have you found overrated nowadays and why?
What's the first thing you do after you wake up?
How to be a BOSS?
Hey any doctors? what is this rash?
How old are you?
What book was hard to put down?
What is something in life that no one could have ever prepared you for?
What's something shunned in society because people are misinformed?
What you’ve been doing wrong you entire life?
What is something the general public doesn't know about reality TV but should?
What are your favorite classic rock songs?
Where are places in the home someone might lose a wristwatch?
If you could add a word to the English dictionary, what would it be, and what would be the definition?
What do you listen or watch in the background while doing other activity that requires focus?
Who is the one person you would cheat on your significant other with?
Why is the US death rate so high in this crisis?
What is the thing you did only once in your life accidentally and want to do it again?
College aged women of Reddit: What is your opinion of men in polo shirts?
What can you never look cool while doing?
What's something that you said that came out the wrong way?
What are some "Get broke quick" schemes?
Those who LOVE their job, why?
How to stop bunk bed from squeaking?
Who should we all hail?
How where the pyramids built?
Who is your favorite singer?
What is the best way to train for winning street fights, and is it even worth it?
At which restaurant do you miss dining?
Have you noticed that no matter how intoxicated you get, there's always a "witness" of sorts in your head who's completely sober and watching everything? How do you experience this?
If you could add one room to your house/flat, what kind of room would it be?
What's your most and least deserved down vote?
What is something you wish everyone can get a chance to experience?
Throughout the years, there have been many sports championships that people view as great. What are some of the most underrated sports championships to you?
What is your favorite video games with little violence compared to most video games?
How do you work against procrastination? Can anyone share tips to be more productive?
What is something suspicious that you heard someone say in their sleep?
What are you eating right now, and what would you prefer to be eating?
What country are you from and how many times have you left your house in the past 10 days?
Where would you hide the body?
What was your last internal monologue about?
What’s directly to your left at this exact moment in time ?
What is a small, inconsequential thing about a movie/tv show you like that urks you more than it should?
What two animals would you like to see put in a fight?
What are some recipes you could recommend to redditors who are stuck at home?
To those who hat anime. Why?
managers who've dealt with a "karen", how did you handle them?
Anyone know what Adams apples actually do, other then decorate the neck?
If you could be stuck in isolation with 1 famous person, who would it be?
What was your "Achievement Unlocked!" moment this week?
What do you do to fall asleep fast?
What is the funniest thing to play with for a couple minutes before you get bored?
How has the implementation of technology in the last 20 years effected our imaginations?
What would you consider the Male name for a Karen?
What did you think of Donald trump saying he thought Brett Crozier of the uss navel ship did wrong and went off about his impeachment?
Who is the most horrible person alive right now?
If you were Donald Trump, what specifically would you have done during the epidemic that Trump didn't do?
why do your own farts smell nice ?
Redditors who have gone to prison. What was a weird escape plan that you have heard from other inmates?
If you could gain one attribute from any animal on this planet, what would be said attribute and from which animal?
What is the correct way to properly maintain a dirt bike forever?
You wake up one day as the opposite gender. You will spend one day as that gender, with the opportunity to switch over to that gender permanently. What do you do and do you switch genders?
Police Officers of reddit, how has the ongoing crisis affected your job/duties?
To the metalheads on reddit, what other genres of music do you enjoy besides heavy metal/rock/alternative music?
Why do you hate boomer?
What '80s tv show would make a great video game?
What are some obvious signs that you're not as smart as you think you are?
What's an easy word you still have trouble with to spell?
Busybodies, what is the best bit of sleuthing you have ever sleuthed?
Which scene in a movie or series made you cry, even though it is not that sad?
Where's the line between shyness and healthy self-restraint?
In your opinion, what is the age that is too long to be living with your parents still and why?
What are the additional twists you were expecting in Knives Out ?
Who is the most hated man/women vs most loved in these trying times now?
If upvoting was replaced with anything, what would it be?
What’s your favorite, go-to recipe?
What is your malfunction?
What is the most over the top, unaware display of wealth or privilege you've seen?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
(NSFW) What do you consider too high/low a body count for you to involve yourself with someone?
What's the last food in your house that you would eat if you were running low?
What is one example of people hating something/someone for no reason for it to start becoming scary?
What is your favourite creative insult?
What's your annoying pyramid scheme story?
People who gave up on their dreams, what was the turning point?
What’s your favourite flavour of chicken whispers?
what's a good plot for a children's cartoon that hasn't been done yet?
People who are not native English speakers: What idiom/metaphor from your native language did you translate into English literally that wasn't understood by native English speakers?
What positive experience have you had because of the lock-down?
Why do you like to be alive?
What is with all these white people using black emojis?
In Florida people should keep a safe distance of 1 alligator, what distance do you have to keep away from other people in your town?
People don't usually change but do you know someone who has changed for the better?
What is your favorite subreddit?
Teachers of Reddit, how have the school closings changed the difficulty level of your job? Do you find it easier now than before?
What is everyones opinion of the Queen of England?
What is something you found out about the human body, and you hate thinking about it?
What’s your favorite childhood memory?
When did you realize that acting and looking a certain way would make your life easier?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever done to someone?
What is wrong with Donald trump?
What is your favorite Reddit post?
Is there a way to ask a person out who is working or out in public? Is it only appropriate to ask someone out at a bar?
How would you describe karma?
How to last longer in bed?
If you could have sex, but had to be 6 feet away, how would you accomplish this?
What's your favorite Weird Al lyric line?
How is one supposed to carry on a conversation if they can only comment in a sub once every 10 minutes?
What would you bring to a desert island, if you could only bring three things?
What’s the biggest secret you have?
Stockholm syndrome victims of reddit, how do you feel about it after the time ? Do you still like your captor or do you hate him ?
What is an ass hat?
Redditors what are your views on the crazy 5G conspiracy ?
You are stranded on an island with one other person. You have a loaf of bread. Do you share it with the other person? Why or why not?
What are some of the worst things that the media has stereotyped over the years?
if you had the power to fix one thing what would it be?
What is the brand name of your favorite instant ramen?
What do you think is the meaning of life?
What is something a SO said to you that they had no idea severely hurt your feelings?
What to do if you are stuck from being free?
Choreographers of Reddit, what is your method of coming up with dances?
[SERIOUS] What was the reason you stopped yourself from suicide?
Ladies, How would you feel if your partner wanted to lick your ass crack?
What movie/show role was 100% perfectly cast?
Jeff Bezos is bored. He will give you 100 million dollars if you barehand strangle a giraffe in his backyard. You must use your hands and you cannot get help from anyone or anything except for a small step ladder he gives you. You have 2 hours. How do you do it?
What skill would you say is your best trait?
What is in your opinion the best about a woman and why?
[Serious] Is it inevitable that individuals online (Reddit, Facebook, etc.) create their own echo chambers? Should we work to avoid it/How should we work to avoid it?
What is your favourite Reddit?
What is the most unique name you have ever come across online?
What is something from the 80s90s that kids today wouldn’t understand or believe?
Fat people of reddit, what do you people consider exercise?
Redditors from Gotham, how do you feel about the fact that Bruce Wayne tested positive for the thing?
Generation Z what do you hate about the younger generation?
People of Reddit that were pronounced "dead" waht is your experience? What happened? How were you revived?
Redditors who HAVE or ARE adopted, what helpful feedback would you tell a couple that is considering adoption?
You kust fell into the bottomless well, what now?
What’s the easiest “you can’t fuck this up” meal to make so you can impress some guests? [Serious]
What was your best-ever restaurant experience?
What was your worst-ever restaurant experience?
People of Reddit married over 20 years - what is something weird or shocking you learned about your spouse after 20 years of marriage that you never knew before?
What is the most complex-named phobia you can think of?
What normal activity becomes suspicious at night?
What are you thinking about right now?
What's the wierdest fact you know?
What do you miss about life and why?
Do you have a sleepwalking experience and if so what is it?
what is taken for granted in certain scientific niches, but is not considered by most people?
What is the darkest thing you seen on Reddit?
Instead of taxes, why aren't the governments just print more money and control the market prices &amp; value?
How do you feel about the Caucasus without stereotypes?
Women who have told a guy they feel safe with them, what makes you feel that way with him?
People of Reddit: What was something that someone said, that was unexpected it made you go...erm What?
If you could have a background soundtrack to your daily life, what would it be?
What is the most wholesome and under appreciated thing you can experience in your life?
If you could, what's one decision, moment or conversation you would redo? What would you do differently?
Those of you who’ve been laid off, how does your yard look today?
People who don't vaccinate their kids, why?
How did you think 4/20 would actually go?
Redditors - what are some crazy conspiracy theories you're hearing?
How the hell is trump still in power?
Have you ever been a part of a situation where you were impacted but you weren’t directly connected to the situation ?
How much do you think Kia pays Billie Eilish to use her song in a commercial?
Redditors with strict parents, what was their craziest rule?
Hey, Americans who keep saying "it's not all of us, you know..." wtf are you gonna do about November?
What do you consider yourself addicted to?
Why do most college acapella groups consists of white males?
You can only eat one specific food for each day of the week. What food do you pick for Wednesday?
West life and 1D pretty much has the same scenarios but which band would be more popular right now?
Kids of reddit: how concerned are you about your families financial situation right now?
Female teachers of reddit, How do you feel when kids call you mom by mistake ?
What is your 5 year plan?
Specifically and in detail, describe what you would do with £3,000,000?
Reddit, what does it feel like to be compared to your sibling who does things "better" than you do, such as behavior in school?
What is the superior pizza topping?
What’s a life changing invention that could be invented relatively easily?
What are some good ways/tricks to learn a foreign language fluently?
What is the most traumatizing thing you have accidentally exposed your young one to ?
What traditions from growing up are you keen on keeping up?
What are the odds that with more people wearing masks that more criminals will take advantage and commit more robberies?
Environmental Advisors/Managers of Reddit (particularly those in heavy industry), why is this job so soul destroying?
What's the stupidest product you've ever seen advertised?
What are some fun useless skills to learn during containment?
Ex sex workers of reddit who was the craziest person you’ve encountered?
Anyone in the law enforcement field ever had a coworker/met someone who was like Sherlock Holmes level perceptive about solving crimes?
Pro meme makers , do you have any inspirations and what is your process?
[Serious] What song puts you in the mood?
What do you wish you could be doing right now?
you wake up one day, and... you're dead, you have all the powers of a ghost because... well you are a ghost, what do you do with yourself now that you're a ghost?
You have 5 seconds to cast the image of your choosing to every screen in the world. What do you show?
What is the most embarrassing thing you did the first time hooking up with someone new?
What's the worst thing you've done to one of your Sims characters?
What one thing that’s gets you through your everyday life?
What is suspicious if you only have a little of it, but not suspicious if you have a lot?
How can wild dogs catch prey to survive if most dogs are able to catch a squirrel maybe once a year?
Hey Reddit, what's the biggest regret you have in your life?
What's something childish you love to do ?
What does it feel like to say that someone else is emotional?
What are you tired of?
For those who have had bad vacations, which was the worst and why?
What music/artist you know is crap but listen to it anyways?
For those who have siblings did their friends ever hit on you or did you ever hit on them? (NSFW)
What are some powerful movies?
All species of reddit. What is the most disturbing thing you’ve heard on accident?
What's something your parents made you do?
[SERIOUS] Gamers of reddit, what are your personal 'dailies'?
What’s the best fast food item you’ve ever had?
If you were able to travel through time, What would you change?
What are the best ways to improve your life?
What is the most creative thing that you said or done to change a uncomfortable conversation?
Who was/is your favorite parent, why?
What has been your best experience on Reddit?
What are the best habits?
What are your best tips for life?
What if Trump ego did not exist. Would more Americans be alive?
[Serious] Paramedics, nurses, doctors and everyone involved in the medical field: what was the most emotional case you had to go though?
What's your age? What do you do and what do you need in current times?
How is everyone a spending their month of 4/20 during our current event?
What's the most gangster thing your parents\grandparents have ever done?
Why is the united states is considered as a tax haven country?
What is a random information u would like to share?
[serious] how do you keep going when you hate yourself so much and you feel like life isn't going to get any better?
What was the best ever Happy Meal toy?
You are now being hunted by the last NPC to kill you in a video game. How screwed are you?
what are some fun/interesting websites to visit on a computer excluding reddit and social media?
Stoners of reddit what's your best/funniest high story?
Why do e-girls have so much power over some people?
Why don’t penguins live in England?
Girls, what’s the most obvious hint you’ve dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?
What is it like having a dog or cat?
Why would a dumb person assume the intelligence of others?
Has anyone actually matched with a couple looking for a threesome on tinder? How did it go?
Someone just killed youre mom, you walk in the door and only see a man with a knife in a mask jump out the window and run away what do you do?
What do you feel energized by?
What is a game you can pour thousands of hours into and never get bored?
what is the worst thing you can say on your first date??
What’s your weirdest fear?
What was your good idea, until it wasn't?
What's the weirdest way you matched on tinder?
What was the worst customerservice you ever experienced?
Should you keep your tomatoes in or outside of the fridge, and why?
What was you childhood thing you always HAD to do?
What is it like having sex in India considering the bad hygiene stereotype?
Ex-drugsaddicts how did you get out of your addiction?
Fellow essential workers who still have to go into the office in this bullshit, how are you holding up?
What is the most awkward moment you ever noticed?
What do you think about 'coincidence' ?
What’s the size of the average Irish cock?
What was your proudest fap?
What’s porn category is overrated?
What is something that happens annually but people are still shocked when it happens?
What age was your first time?
Anyone else like to sleep with their heads literally buried in their woman's boobs (works when both partners are sideways)?
What message do you have for those with low self esteem?
What are some great, immersive tv shows?
Which nation is USA's closest ally?
What is the last thing you would expect to see at 2AM?
What is your scary experience that occured while driving on the interstate?
Will we be able to get out of this situation and if we do what other calamities will we have to be prepared for?
What do you guys do at home for a month and not get bored?
What movie do you think deserved an Oscar, but didn’t get one?
Scratchers of Reddit, what is your best Scratch project?
What is the worst thing to hear from an Uber driver?
Everyone whose laundry is always done on time and smells gorgeous, any tips and tricks you've learnt along the way?
What are you tips to teachers for their online presentations?
During your childhood, what was the thing you thought you were doing in secret but you actually weren't?
September 11, 2001. Where were you?
Who is history's biggest simp?
What was your biggest moment of straight up bad timing?
If you could ask COVD19 one question, what would you ask?
Gamers of Reddit, what kind of loot would you drop if you die?
How useful is a degree in 2020?
What could be the equivalent of soldiers dying in war in other professions?
If subreddits were like stocks, which one would you invest in for maximum profits?
How to view only your post and comments on reddit mobile?
Aunts of Reddit, you wake up and now you are the Bisonaunt. What do you do?
What are the signs people/friends are manipulating you?
Movie extras of reddit, what’s the best thing that has happened on set to you?
What is something you wish your parents were more scrict about when you were younger ?
What fashion trend deserves a comeback?
What’s your weirdest Grindr story?
Have you been told by someone what they are about to do, and right before they do it you think to yourself "This is going to go horribly wrong." ? What happened?
What's a rumor you've heard about yourself?
What question has someone asked you that you still haven't found an answer to this day?
Brazzers or Blacked and why?
What could you talk for 30 minutes about with absolutely no preparation?
What would you do if you found out your grandparents had a secret bank account eith millions of dollars?
If you were to create a planet what would life be like on it? What would the environment look like? How much water and land? What biomes? How big? Would life be possible?
Why do you like animal crossing?
What is the best way, without getting involved with the law, to stop a maniac driver that speeds regularly at the same time every day?
Looking for original prank ideas. What’s something crazy or funny that you guys would want to see someone do?
People who vlog for youtube and make exaggerated situations or challenges for your viewers, what is the reality of that experience?
Given that it may make it harder to be successful or compartmentalize and stay happy, what are your thoughts on basing your career on a very emotional and personal passion of yours?
How many ex's you have?
What was the best combination you got in Cards against humanity?
What's the worst thing you've seen happen to someone, because of drug use/abuse?
What are some psychological hacks to improve self confidence?
What never fails to cheer you up when you're down?
What was your first car you owned?
What are some ridiculous date ideas to covertly add to a friend and his wife's date night jar?
Non Americans, is "Tiger King" exactly what you secretly (or not) think of Americans?
If someone in the USA were to win 1 million dollars, what is the final take home after all fees and taxes are figured in?
What’s a time you were accidentally somebody else’s Tinder horror story?
What is the sexiest thing you've seen by accident? (NSFW)
What is something that your weirdly proud of?
What is the funniest meme you can find?
People who have used a throwaway account and got caught. What’s your story?
What is something someone told you a while ago that still sticks with you today?
What did you recently learn about the people you’re living with?
Twins of reddit, what is the weirdest thing your twin does?
What are some helpful survival tips?
Where did you meet the love of your life and what heppened? Did it work out for you or did you have your heart broken?
What’s a thing that happened to you that scarred you mentally/physically etc. but helped you become a better person?
Adults of Reddit what was your experience when a child came to you as a “trusted adult”?
So 10 Redditors walk into a bar. What happens?
Why using too much of Sucralose cause sweet taste to disappear, or even create bitter taste instead of extremely sweet?
What are some beginner mistakes in chess (need help guys) ?
Are there any good reason why most of our cars can achieve speeds almost double the max speed limits on our highways? If nothing else, why aren’t they governed?
Why is BTS popular when their music and dance routines suck?
To all extroverts, how's it feel to experience the introvert lifestyle?
Redditors who enjoy the taste of Dasani water, why?
What is you and your SO definition of cheating?
What's the most passive aggressive word?
What's the worst thing you did to a neighbor or a family friend?
What's your best hype song?
What was the American President’s name in 1960?
What are some of the best life hacks in regards to being at home 24/7?
Longtalkers of Reddit, why do you keep people longer than they want to listen when you can see their body language that they wanna end the conversation, but you go on knowing they’re too polite to walk away or to tell you to shut up?
What will you not waste your money on anymore after all of this is over and why?
What makes you scream in fear?
How would you describe meaning of life in 1-3sentences?
Gamer of reddit, what are your favorite RPGs of all time and why?
Who is ready for video chat?
What are good horror movies that came out quite recently?
What’s your least favorite restaurant?
What song is good itself, but ruined by its origin?
Stoners of reddit, what is the longest period of time you went high without going for another hit or edible?
Doctors of reddit, has anybody come In to where you work for an incredibly friggin stupid reason?
What new activities have you recently started doing that you never thought you would do?
What is something that launched but got obseleted really quick?
What is the dumbest expression everyone seems to be using these days?
What’s the craziest thing you found on someone’s computer after the passed unexpectedly and they couldn’t “delete their browsing history”?
Who is Carole Baskins and what did she do?
What's the last thing that made you cry, happy or sad?
Do you now feel uncomfortable while watching TV/Movie, when a character touches his/her face, or there is a large gathering?
Has someone ever maliciously pretended to be romantically interested in you? If so, what's the story?
Trump supporters, have you been watching the daily task force briefings? And how you you feel the president is performing?
Okay Reddit, let's make a Feel-Good Stay-at-home Playlist. What's one song that makes you feel most happy right now?
How is possible people still watch Wrestlemania?
What let’s you know you are extremely comfortable with someone?
What are you living for?
Since we’re all home what have you been doing to pass time?
Which country you don’t like the most? And why?
If you could make up a religion right now, what would it be?
You get to choose at what age and how you die, what do you pick?
What travels the world while stuck in one spot?
What is your Tinder love story?
What is the gender spectrum and how many genders are there?
What is the most painful medical procedure you’ve had to get done?
What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
What’s your tinder success story?
The aliens haven't contacted us because they all die before they can. How far do you think we'll get ( in technology ) before we die too?
what if everyone on earth was part of amway?
What did you think was going to be horrible but turned out to be amazing?
What device are you reading this on?
Who is your favourite animal crossing villager and why?
[serious] how to love yourself when there not a single thing that is special about you?
You get $10.000.000 for getting fired in 10 seconds what do you do?
Guys of Reddit, what do you want your girlfriend to do but are too shy to ask?
What Simpsons quote accurately describes your sex life?
How would you feel if your SO is being friends with his/her ex?
What would your first thought/reaction be if someone told you they were in foster care as a child?
How long should you work out everyday if you're a stick thin female that is trying to get toned and build some muscle mass?
Where can we all connect? What is one moment that EVERY human, throughout the world (all 7 .5 billion of us), has experience?
What is a good way to study for an exam?
Future hikers of reddit, what is the scariest thing you will see in the forest/woods?
Everytime you listen to a certain song you are forced to clean the room you are currently occupying, what song do you choose to avoid cleaning as much as possible?
What can you say to the milkman but not your wife?
People of Reddit, what do you want in life?
Are your parents active on social media? If yes how much are they online?
What is going to go wrong in April?
What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What are some positives of video games?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What's the worst thing someone could apologise for?
What is a secret that should've never been a secret but you still have kept as one?
What is the best experience/insight you had while high on drugs?
Fellow redditors. You can pick any power you want, but it cannot cause physical harm to another. What would it be?
If English isn't your first language, do you guys prefer to write song lyrics in your mother tongue or English, and why?
Soldiers of Reddit, Have you ever been attacked at night by forces who have had night vision while you didn't? If so, What's your story?
If you have ridden a dog like a horse, what was the breed and what happened?
What is the best Mel Brooks movie?
Are you related to the person who donated blood to you?
What is something that most billionaires don't have?
What is your go-to song to lift your spirits?
Do you respect people who cosplay why or why not?
What is your biggest regret?
what is the worst movie you have watched with your parents, and what was their reaction to it? how embarrasing was it?
dear gay people of reddit, how did your parents react to you coming out? (serious)
Married guys do you still masturbate, if yes then why?
Whats the catchiest song ever?
What really grinds your gears?
What's your "crazy neighbour" story?
OK Reddit, after 'spending more time at home with family' 'seeing Trump take a dip in the polls', what is your third wish on the monkey's paw?
In your opinion, what is the coolest fictional vehicle?
What’s the best, harmless prank you’ve managed to pull off?
How much comment and post karma do you have?
What is the worst injury you have sustained from doing something simple?
What from the early internet has remained funny/relevant today?
Who would win in a battle of life and death, Bernie Sanders in a Battle Mech or Chuck Norris with a wooden sword?
What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
You sleep, you die. Without the aid of caffeine or drugs, what’s the best way to stay awake as long as possible?
What food combinations do you eat that others usually find odd?
What should be normal and expected, but is instead rare to the point it's just sad?
What was the worst shopping experience you’ve ever had?
[Serious] When have you witnessed an animal being neglected/abused?
If you could wipe your memory clean, what video game campaign would you love to do from beginning to end ?
Who named the Earth "Earth"?
When did you realise that everyone else is an asshole?
What is your school story?
Ladies 18-35, how do you feel when old men (50+) call you Honey/Sweetheart? Sweet, or uncomfortable?
What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?
What's your most corny moment (experienced)?
How many birthdays are there. 365 or 7 billion?
If you could gain the powers of any fictional character (level 1) who would you choose?
What are your favorite free screen activities?
How would video games change if you lose the rest of the rounds in your magazine when you reload?
[serious] what was one thing you wish you hadnt seen?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
you become the main character in a video game of your choosing, what game do you pick and why?
Vinyl collectors who alphabetize your collection, what are your first and last records?
LGBT people of reddit what stereotype aggravates you most?
What two keys can’t open any door?
What animal would you most like to eat?
Redditors who had strict parents what was their most insane rule they enforced on you?
Google Stadia has went off the map. What other products looked like they're were going to be great but could never live up to the hype?
truth or dare, what do you pick and why ?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow and why?
People who have traveled to other countries, what’s the most memorable experience, good or bad, that you shared with a local of the country you were visiting?
What’s the funniest malapropism?
What are your thoughts on vampire knight?
People of Reddit, what was the best senior prank that someone actually pulled off?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What is something you wish you knew earlier?
What’s a great game that will run on any system?
What's the best thing that happened to you despite what's happening in the world right now?
How have you managed to keep yourself alive this long?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
You have the opportunity (and the skill) to play one song live, with the original band, in front of a packed stadium. What song do you choose?
How do you feel about your life?
What’s the creepiest tech out there?
If nobody's asked you in a while, how is your mental health at the moment? Are you okay?
Why are liquor stores considered an essential business?
non native speakers or reddit what are some slang words of your own languages everybody should use?
What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
For those who have had the experience, what is it like to date someone obnoxiously rich?
What’s your best practical joke?
What is something that, if left completely unguarded, would not be taken?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn’t understand them, what would you do with that power?
How do you feel when you catch the right dirt in your nose?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?
for those that use bidets, how does one “dry off”?
What are human contactless foods that you can buy which have been strictly handled by automation?
What were the saddest moments in your life?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
When you go to a movie theater, which armrest/cupholder is yours?
What's the name of the book you never finished writing?
What is the best thing you know how to make from scratch?
What are your friends up to right now?
What video game/level/mission did you give up on and admit defeat?
What animal is the most majestic?
What's something that you can't bear with, but for others seems the norm?
What are some lesser known historical last stands we should all know about?
What’s the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve seen on the Internet?
What’s your “awkward handshake” story, if you have one?
What’s the funniest TV show you’ve ever seen?
[Serious] People of reddit with diagnosed mental illnesses whom also are in relationships. How did you find love?
What is the most unsettling/unnerving thing you've experienced in person?
To all redditors who have been part of reddit for over a year, have you missed a cake day before? How did it feel?
People of Reddit, have you had a conversation with someone who believes in a Flat Earth? What happened?
What is your college dorm roommate horror story?
What happened on your worst flight ever?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found lying on the ground / side of the road?
What’s the most stupid question you’ve ever been asked?
When this apocalypse ends, what will be the first thing you do?
What naps are the most satisfying?
What's the craziest public freakout you've witnessed?
What word do you always misspell?
Americans who dont like America, why don't you leave?
What’s the most overrated product out on the market?
People who have been homeless for more than a week, what were the first steps you took to survive on the street?
What would be an accurate tag line for each month?
Those who walked in on their parents having sex when they were kids, in what way did it affect you ?
[Serious] how to stop playing in safe socially?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
Midas could turn anything into gold. What would you want your Midas touch to be and why?
To people who like bitterness, why?
What company do you despise and why?
Climate scientists of reddit: what is something exciting you've seen in the past month?
How to stop be so serious all the time?
What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?
Fellow Redditors What's the darkest thing you've seen?
What’s your grossest bug story?
What's a moment you acted dumb?
How can you get a girl to bed ?
What’s incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What trend are you tired of?
what is the most relatable addiction??
If you could ask COVD19 one question, what would you ask?
What's the worst Trump quote?
(Serious)What is Japan actually like?
What’s something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What are your favorite screen-free activities lately?
What’s your most prized possession?
When preparing a PBJ do you put PB on one side of the bread and J on the other or do you mix your PBJ all together?
What’s the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
People who used to be so serious all the time, Why aren't you anymore? How did you become less serious?
What’s the most beautiful beach you’ve been to?
What's your most satisfying "I called it" moment?
What was a moment that made you think "what am I doing with my life"?
If you have ridden a dog like a horse, what was the breed and what happened?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
What’s the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
What’s your preference , Sativa or Indica ?
So what is your dream thing to do after this apocalypse?
What are some good places in the US to go urban exploring?
The Supreme Court has ruled that Sims characters have the right to sue the players who controlled them, what are you going down for?
What’s your secret talent?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?
What’s a feature of yourself you can’t really tell in a mirror but always see in pictures?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
What is your mind-blowing story from online dating apps?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
What do you think will change about America after this?
What's your real life "I broke down in the middle of nowhere" horror story?
What's your biggest internet pet peeve?
What’s your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?
Hospital chaplains, what’s it like right now?
P What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What celebrity death affected you the most?
It is now 4:20 4/4/2020. What are you doing to celebrate?
Often times people look for quick fixes to their problems. What realistic solutions have you settled on after giving up on that magic fix?
What personal miracle can you use to prove to others that God is real?
You are the leader of a country with nuclear weapons. What would your nuclear launch code be?
What's something you wish you had growing up?
[Serious] What are you doing to get out of your echo chamber?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
What food do you crave most often?
What’s your favorite way to bless your significant other?
What is a video game or movie storyline that will be told as a myth in 1,000 years, and why?
What’s the best lesson you’ve learned from a work of fiction?
Who knows what be going on in Skin Walker Ranch?
What is the percentage rate of questions who actually get promoted in this subreddit to get more comments?
What was the best "i gotta get outta here momen"?
What is your darkest secret that you would never tell anyone even your life is at risk?
What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?
Frequent Upvoters of Reddit: How often do you look at a person’s karma when deciding whether to upvote?
Why do we crave for a single person despite having others who might be better?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
Americans alive during the Vietnam War, what were your immediate thoughts when you heard the US invaded?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What are some features of a dream house you hope to have someday?
Doctors, what's the weirdest thing you've extracted from a patient?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
Which decade has better music? 2000's or 2010's?
What from the early internet has remained funny/relevant today?
Linguists: Some people are significantly more extroverted in English than in their mother tongue. How's that?
Anyone worked for Westar? What was it like?
What song brings you immense joy?
What name would your dog give you?
What are your favorite podcasts?
What are some of the best jobs you've ever had?
What’s the most frustrating product you own and why?
Whats the story about someone you know got some bad thing happen to and you feel they earned it for themselves?
What was the most gruesome thing to happen to someone you know?
What’s the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What the worst financial decision that you’ve ever made?
dear people of reddit, what do you think about the Netherlands?
What is the most known form of indoctrination used?
How to gamify doing house chores and what rewards should you use?
What show just needs to end already?
[Serious]What’s the weirdest experience you’ve had at a church or any religious group?
Americans who don't like the idea of socialized healthcare, why is this?
[Serious] Vets of Reddit, what exactly do you do when a dog is very nervous and does the dog act differently away from the owner?
What Was the Best Meal You Ever Had?
What do you say when he/she asks "How do I look?", And it's not the answer they want?
Heterosexuals of reddit, what's the lowest amount of money you would take to have sex with someone the same sex as you?
Who except mee prefers to cook noodles so long til they are bloated like a water corpse?
If you could live in the universe of any TV show or movie, which would you choose?
What product do you use that there isn’t a good company for?
What's useful in game but useless url?
How do thieves break into number safes?
What do you wish having more ?
When was a time you actually witnessed or been a part of real life 'and everyone clapped/laughed' moment?
What's the most memorable random act of kindness someone has ever done for you?
What are your thoughts of attempted murder and murder being treated equally?
When you lose brain cells, where do the brain cells go?
What's the most superhero-ish/risky thing you've done under an adrenaline rush?
What's the closest you've gotten to being famous?
How does voting for the US President work? Who are the people that are losted on the ballots?
How have you been able to keep your loved ones informed enough to not fall prey to social media propaganda campaigns?
What are your thoughts on the pictures in reddit comments?
If you could have any super power, what would it be and why?
What was a seemingly horrifying thing that scared you, but was actually something silly?
If you could add the word, “fuck” to a line from an otherwise clean T.V. show or movie, where would you put it?
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you on social media?
To those who have had their future read, what was the method and did anything come true?
Redditors, how are you?
Redditors that actually hoarded toilet paper, why?
(Serious) What song breaks your heart all over again, and why?
Liars of reddit, whats the craziest thing that's ever happened to you?
What are some examples of a self-fulfilling prophecy that came true for you?
Deaf people of reddit, what was the most supprising thing that makes a sound you didn't expect did when you got hearing aids?
Pepole who suffered from bulliyng what was your worst moment sufering from it?
What's your go-to campfire story?
If you knew you were going to die at the end of 2020, what would you do with your remaining months of life?
What reasonably achievable career path would allow one to be ‘financially free’?
what would your perfect family be like (e.g. parents or children)?
People of reddit who have worked for a family member, what was your experience like?
What do you do after you have had a fight with your mum or dad?
If you were at a banquet with about 100 strangers and a to-the-death food fight started, which food item, assuming everyone only had time to select one, would you use to kill the other eaters with?
What would life be like if it was "perfect" for you?
What's the most reliable way to leave a video message behind for your kids, in case you die with no other family to entrust it to?
If humans were to go extinct, what would be the new dominant life form on Earth?
What country has the strongest women and how do you reckon?
What overpriced services you use?
How has joining the military effected the lives of those who are/were in the service?
How does someone fix computer audio not working?
What threads on Reddit provide a spot to share self made short films and receive critiques?
What's the biggest bluff you made?
What are some subreddits you follow but are so weird that you don't even know how you got there?
If you were a time traveler stuck in the past, how would you get home?
What is one thing that is absolutely unforgivable?
What are you doing to make the most of your spare time?
What should you have been fired for?
What is something you did in the future but regret doing in the past?
[Serious] POC of Reddit: How can white people be better allies?
Do you consider it cheating to have a work wife/husband? Why or why not?
Who’s the most interesting person you’ve had sex with (and why)?
People who hate Fire emblem without playing the game ever, why?
People of Reddit what your life’s plot twist?
What is your too good to be true (but actually is true) romantic story?
[serious] In a hypothetical world where it could actually be enforced, should everyone be allowed to have children?
What is the weirdest thing that you have nearly drunk?
What is the music that you think not everyone can understand?
Males of reddit what is an appropriate way to be approached by a female?
What’s a time when YOU were the crazy ex?
Why tf there is "The" before United States?
What's there first thing you are going to do after this is all over......?
But what if, (self) were to purchase fast food and disguise it as (self) cooking?
What is a reliable news source in the US?
What is it called when the song being played in a movie contradicts what’s happening in the scene (E.g. Hip to be square playing in American Psycho)?
Which conspiracy theory do you think will eventually become a truth?
What things have you seen other people do or accomplish and you thought, “Wow, that’s pretty cool! I’d love to do that!”?
Bisexuals of reddit, how is it like to be in a straight relationship? Also, straight people of reddit, how is it like to be in a relationship with a bisexual?
How long will eternity feel once we're dead?
Does your past define who you are?
How could someone go about disappearing in a foreign country, losing their identify, and still make a living with no skills or knowledge of the language without getting caught?
People who are about middle age or older, what is something you regret doing or not doing in your younger adult years?
People who have had a crush like them back, how did you find out? How did you feel afterwards? Where was it at?
If you could time travel to any period in history without changing anything what would you like to experience?
Gamers of Reddit, what was the most frustrating death of all?
Do you ever think the media is over-sensationalizing what’s going on to get us to watch more news?
What’s a movie scene everybody bitched about that really wasn’t that bad?
How important is having a similar taste in music for romantic relationships?
What’s the best way to buy a Mac Book Pro 2nd hand from Craigslist, making sure everything works?
How close are you of losing it?
What was your career ending mistake?
If dogs could say what they saw, would you act differently around them?
When are you getting a haircut?
[Serious] Police officers of Reddit, what are the biggest misconceptions about your job?
Which famous figures, historical or otherwise, don’t deserve the reputation they’ve received, good or bad?
What is the most screwed up nickname you have ever known someone to have?
What are some sounds similar to nails on a chalkboard?
They say time heals all wounds. What are some wounds that time won’t heal?
Where do you want to see yourself in the future? Can you give an opinion?
For the people that have been taking more vitamins recently, what changes have you noticed?
What's the most unexpected thing that's ever happened to you?
Redditors with followers. What did you do to earn your followers ?
What is the first day of the week, Sunday or Monday, and why?
What was the trend you started in school?
What midnight snack do you have in your fridge/pantry rn?
If you could live in an abandoned/undiscovered forest with just 5 things from all the things you Got. What would it be?
What was the most memorable thing someone has said to you?
What are some things that have helped you through a really bad state of depression?
What is the most random thing that is stuck in your head?
What's something about your job that most People don't even know ?
What was your first gaming console ?
What is one interesting fact that you know that you don’t think very many other people know?
What if we forget to hangout after this epidemic is over?
What's furthest someone has gone for something relatively stupid ?
What are some activities you wish you can relive?
What is the worst food to eat cold and the worst food to eat hot?
Hypothetically, if a human being shrunk and was swallowed by another person, how long could they survive in that person's body?
People of Reddit, what is your opinion about horse riding?
People that sort by new: why do you do it?
What’s the finest line between dumping and being nice (in your opinion)?
Which actor would you have liked to see in a famous role?
law enforcement of reddit, what are your opinions on ACAB?
You meet a genie who grants you any wish with no rules other than more wishes. What do you wish for?
What was the most unpredictable Movie you have ever seen?
Do you think the Harry Potter fan fiction "My Immortal" is a troll fic? Why or why not?
What's your prediction for the date of a fully approved cov19 vaccine?
Have you ever seen a psychic medium? What’s you’re story?
What is something that turns you on, but shouldn't?
What song can you not listen to without thinking of a movie scene it was in?
What’s your favourite microwave recipe?
Movies or tv show that scared you when you were younger??
If every species of animal suddenly developed the ability to reason, communicate, innovate and mobilize, what species would win the great war, and which ones would be in charge after one decade?
Why would the battle pass in call of duty modern warfare be worth getting with 3 days left for the season?
What book series/ video game/ table top game with DEEP lore would you like to be turned into a movie/ tv show?
Can you give examples from your life when the saying "its easier to fool someone than to prove them they have been fooled" was correct ?
What was your highest sensation of pain you have felt yet(physically/emotionally)?
Reddit. Choose a movie. Keep one actor. The rest are Muppets. What is the movie and which actor do you keep?
Guys of Reddit, what are some unwritten rules of being a man that every guy should follow?
How will this change "going to the gym?"
What’s the most beautiful landlocked country in the world?
What are you doing today?
What body part hurt when you got out of bed this morning?
Americans: What (if any) high school film depicts real-life high school the best?
What hobby did you get later in life? What aspects did you find difficult about it?
If you could change your last words you said to someone who passed away, What would they be?
What is your craziest experience with the paranormal and did you capture any evidence?
Why are vegans vegan?
What are the things you are willing to do to gain karma ?
What is the first restaurant you’re going to eat in at when this is all over?
Leaders of your country knock on your door and ask you make a plan to enforce everyone to stay inside or we all die. How do you do it?
When stories like "China donates 1,000 ventilators" breaks, does it even happen? How is transport expedited overseas? How is it ensured they get into the right hands?
What's the weirdest situation or trouble you been into or saw long back and now it's one of the sweetest memories you have?
Non immigrants/Working professionals living in foreign countries, what has your experience been like in past month or two (Financially/Socially/professionally)?
What’s one thing you love that everyone around you hates?
When will America go back to work?
What would be deadly if it were a lot bigger?
What was the craziest street/school fight you’ve been in?
What are some good alternatives to toilet paper if you ran out of it?
When Redditors say sauce, is it just a slang for source?
What is a good pick-up line?
Finished crysis 3, whats next (Xbox 360)?
What do you think about Thailand?
Emergency services of Reddit what’s your horror story?
Can someone please explain why people actually watch “reality” TV shows such as Keeping Up With the Kardashians?
What is one thing you will never do again?
What country punishes white collar crime most often?
What are your favorite friendships in TV &amp; Film and why?
What is the difference between filia and sexuality?
Home owners of reddit, what are your HOA horror stories?
[Serious] They say money can't buy happiness. People who have lost everything... what is your story?
People with a foot fetish, what is so fascinating about feet?
How to say ‘No’ to friends and family?
[serious] How to overcome fear of failure?
What is something that as much as you hate doing it, you could never give up?
People of Reddit who changed their life due to a movie, how’d you change, what movie/what part?
What Is A Story Someone Told To You That You Don't Believe Is Real?
What people often forget to put in a bunker?
What qualifies as being "off" social media?
Former Bullies of Reddit, When did you realise you should probably not bully someone anymore?
What do you write in a notebook with a bouquet of flowers?
What can one show parents who are easily hooked by conspiracy theories to convince them that 5G isn't evil?
What is your biggest non-academic, non work-related accomplishment?
What are the 10most important things in life for you?
The President is supposed to be the very best of us, in a country of 320 million, where do you think Trump would rank on that scale?
People who were poor at one point, what surprised you after relocating somewhere better?
What is your weirdest wank story?
What are some movies where the woman screws up a relationship and has to try to win the man back?
What’s a thing that you would like to do but you can’t because of the situation?
What are some good YouTube channels for binge watching?
What can you do at home to pass time?
What's the lowest amount of money you would take to spend 3 months in a minimum security prison?
People who lost their jobs, what job would you like to switch to for a change of pace and what were you doing before?
What if your parents gave you the money to get a dog and you got a fox instead do you think they would notice and how do you think they would react?
What are some good story rich games you guys are playing now?
People with IQ on reddit. Why and how often do you get bullied ?
Straight people and lesbians of Reddit, what is your impression of Grindr?
What is something you did/do that you never thought would be relatable to others, but it turned out it was?
What is the most irrationally angry you have been?
What makes you undoubtedly and unequivocally proud to be Canadian and makes you proud we contributed "x" to the world?
what do you want/got for your birthday?
What question will your child/grandchild ask you in 20 years that you will find extremely difficult to answer?
[Serious] What is the difference between an incongruence and a disorder?
What’s your biggest ambition?
What's your worst catfish experience? And your best?
Actors/Actresses of Reddit, what kind of habits or lessons have you picked up from characters you've played and have you implemented any of them in your normal life?
MHW How do you move onto iceborne?
Why are people afraid of people wearing masks in public when it’s the people NOT wearing masks you should be afraid of?
[serious] people who were the paramour in a relationship, what made you think it was acceptable to be one?
How likely are those "zombie apocalypse " games to eventually be realistic in our world?
What is something you are hyped for that not many people know about?
Movie fans of reddit, what are some films that a person needs to watch before they die?
What was the scariest thing you’ve seen on live stream?
What was your most awkward moment in middle school?
What is the best prank you pull off?
What's your most embarrassing caught naked story?
People who married someone before they became fat, how hard are you kicking yourself ?
How do you annoy apartment neighbors without them knowing that it’s you?
For army personnel, what are your thoughts on a 22 year old with little life purpose joining the army?
What bearing does it have on the national grid if every household and industry/factory closes their high electricity drawing appliances?
What's your "taking the blame" story?
What positive event would lead to TV program interruptions world wide?
You get the chance to go back in time to any point in your life retaining all your current knowledge and memories for one hour, how do you use it?
Redditors, what's your daily routine now?
You find a genie lamp and rub it and get one wish. Any wish is valid except for more wishes. What do you wish for?
Is there any skill whatsoever involved in playing UNO? Or is it 100% chance?
If there were no laws for the next 60 seconds, what would you do in those 60 seconds?
What is your relationship success story?
If you could genetically modify your body, who would you choose to be other than catgirl/catboy?
If you were the last person on Earth, where would you live and how would you get there?
When talking about 2020 in the future, what do you think will be some of the key moments in the history books?
What is your experience in trying to improve your memory?
What’s the most disappointing city you’ve ever been to?
How are bicycle plastic water bottle cages manufactured?
Life is too short to iron your bedsheets, what else is life too short to waste your time with?
What was the most desperate beg for attention you have seen someone do?
If the purge was real,what would you do? (Serious)
People of Reddit who think The Big Bang Theory is funny, why?
Who is your favorite Disney character?
[Serious] What is something that people can do now that would look good in a curriculum once companies start to hire again?
People who haven't accomplished your dreams yet, what's holding you back?
Why did you decide to get reddit?
At reassess what game or thing was band for one reason or another?
People of Reddit, what is the funniest sexual experience that you’ve encountered?
People who have seen sharks irl, what was it like?
How has the shutdown affected your hygiene?
You can do anything you want for a week with no consequences what do you do?
What childhood memory has stuck with you the strongest?
What was your dream today?
What great show has the worst pilot ever?
Why is shedding a small amount of blood good for the human body?
What are some dreams you’ve had at night that you cannot, for the life of you, figure out what they meant?
Why is reddit like China?
Ex-inmates of Reddit, did you know someone who was innocent? What was their story?
What is the best free movie website you know?
What is your favorite video game series?
What is your worst online experience?
What are some bad but popular songs from your youth that are every bit as bad as today's trash?
What is the most important thing you accidentally deleted?
(NSFW) (Serious) Females of reddit. What pose and actions pleases you the most during sex ?
Who would you nominate as the most evil person on the planet?
What made you make up with someone who you had a falling out with?
Okay Reddit, what's your favorite episode of Courage the Cowardly Dog?
What was the most heartwarming thing you saw happen between two animals?
If you could have a list of everyone who’s ever masturbated while thinking of you, would you?
What is a stupid fact that is actually real?
Dear reddit, have you ever been in a scenario where you really wanted to tell someone something but didn’t have the will power to?
What's your story that starts bad with a good ending?
What used to be common knowledge (or "Common Knowledge" if you prefer) that has widely evaporated now?
What's the first thing your gonna do after your allowed your freedom out of isolation?
People of Reddit, what movie should everyone avoid?
What is something that everyone has seen but nobody can explain what it is?
Now that toilet paper stocks are depleted, what has reddit been using to wipe?
What is the most terrifying moment that you were completely chill during?
[Serious] What made you believe in God again, after you lost your faith?
You can look at anybody search history. Who' s do you look at?
People who got hacked, what’s your story ?
What was good about Hitler and his regime?
What can you do with 1 dollar?
What's an appropriate compliment to say to a girl?
What are somethings you should never search up?
What are the best websites and apps to find and adopt a dog?
Alabama has been issued a stay at home order at 4:00 today. Everyone else in Alabama. What you gonna do for the next hour and a half?
People who did the fire walk across hot embers, what did it feel like?
What would you want your last meal to be?
What's something that can either be your best friend or your worst enemy?
What ever happened to Chris Savino, the disgraced creator of The Loud House?
Plumbers of Reddit, how has the toilet paper situation influenced your job ?
Why do you think addicts are hated or looked down upon so often?
Which animal represents you the most, and why?
What's the most ridiculous, irrational argument you've had with your 3-7 year old kids?
What are some cities with really funny names?
Redditors with family that work in their school, what's that like, got any funny or awesome stories?
Why are full sanwiches/burgers used so often in movie scenes, rather then pre-bitten ones?'
What's the worst lie you've told?
Redditors, Do you believe in society's lies!? Why?
Haters of Reddit, when a post is trending why do you try to find reasons it doesn't fit the sub?
What’s your go to excuse to get out of things ?
What kind of loot will you drop when you die?
What would you label as the BEST DRINK EVER ?
Who is your favorite artist to listen to at the moment?
What were you afraid of as a child?
What is your most favourite series that has ended already?
What is your tinder success story?
What are your thoughts on online learning?
Is it better to run on the beach with or without shoes, what are the pros/cons of each?
[NSFW] What’s the origin story behind your fetish/fetishes?
Female weebs reddit what do you think of people who doesn't believe you exist?
How did the colors (red, green, blue, etc.) get their names?
If sadness had a taste, what would it be?
Ladies in your opinion, Why isn't there a single woman on earth that has a fetish for lncels?
What's the scariest movie that you've ever watched that sends chills down your spine even today?
Did you go to/finish college? What's your story?
(Serious) (NSFW) How can you please a girl during sex ?
Resident Evil fans of reddit, if Capcom decided to do a Code Veronica Remake whats the 1 thing you'd want them to correct from both original and the Game of Oblivion scenarios in Darkside Chronicles?
Who would win between Goku and Saitama?
Your phone records a video everytime you use your flashlight - What do we see?
How do Governments protect their most vulnerable - homeless people - during times like these?
What's the weirdest sandwich you've ever made?
[Serious] what is the biggest DIY fiasco you have ever witnessed?
What’s the most awkward thing that happened at a party?
What was the scariest thing you've seen on the road while driving?
To people who like black jelly beans: what the hell is wrong with you?
What is a food that people either absolutely love or completely despise?
What is the most misleading movie trailer?
What's the question you want to be asked the most, but have never been asked?
Which creepypasta scares you the most?
What is the best state to live in for people that do not like snakes, spiders, earthquakes, hurricanes, very cold weather, and who leans more towards the left politically?
What is everyone doing to help your mental health from deteriorating during self isolation?
What is that one memory you remember vividly, that seems really random and unconnected to any major experience you had?
Janitors of reddit whats the most disgusting thing you found or had to clean up?
What's happening right now is the best thing that happened to us so far ! Don't you see how much earth recovered from pollution, it's a one time per century occasion, the whole world will never stay at home again at the same time! What do you think?
What’s a forgettable movie that everyone has seen?
You do if the aliens are mad but you don't know how to appease them?
If all the internet servers got destroyed and we lost everything that is saved online, what would you regret never saving/downloading?
Class of 2020, how’s your senior year going?
Why are weird, unusual, and dangerous weather patterns getting constantly more bizarre and worse by each year?
For all the people stuck at home during these times, what are some YouTube channels/videos you would recommend to pass some time?
Why is the Lottery (Powerball, MegaMillions, scratchers, etc), which are heavily promoted as “For Entertainment Purposes Only”, considered an essential service?
People with autism or other mental disorder, what is a common misconception about having it?
What YouTubers under 50k subs do you like?
You are a Sentenalise and see a helicopter containing two men. How do you describe it to the island elder ?
What's your favorite animal? (Serious)
People who can do backflips, how long did it take to learn and what tip helped you the most along the way?
What's your country's "lazy food"? Like boxed mac n cheese, packaged ramen, or pb&amp;j in the US, what meal stereotyped as extremely low effort but you technically make for yourself?
What's the strangest or funniest thing you've experienced/seen at a convention or event?
[NSFW] Sex addicts of Reddit, how YOU doin'?
What song do you listen to when you're very sad?
People who'd rather adopt a child than have a biological one, why do you want to adopt one instead? Or perhaps just want to adopt one even if you have a biological one, why?
What would be the Title of your Sex Tape ala Brooklyn 99?
What's the weirdest thing you've witnessed in Walmart?
What are some corrupt things you seen or heard happen where you work?
What gift have you gotten that made your whole day?
What was a weird demand during sex from your partner?
For those who make a living through the internet; what exactly do you do?
How often do you get déjà vu feeling? How do you cope with that shit?
What’s a healthy way to deal with heartbreak?
What is the sexiest accent?
Redditors who met the right person in the wrong time, did you mean them again later on? If so, what happened?
What word is the English language missing?
People who have read all the bright places what did you think of the movie?
What are you finding solace in?
Where is the worst place to get a cut?
Which antagonist from any fictional universe would make a terrible roomate to have and why?
What is a song that moves you emotionally?
Americans of Reddit, what part of living in America do movies and tv shows get the most wrong?
[Serious] Redditors who have underwent major surgeries, what were the most unexpected emotional side effects that you experienced from the procedure? How did you deal?
If the world got a big update, what would be included in the patch notes?
What is one or multiple things you have done that has changed your life in a positive way in terms of mindfulness?
Doctors, if two patients are likely to die if they don't get treatment and you can only save one, how do you choose who to save?
Ordained ministers of Reddit, what are some of the funniest/worst vows you've ever heard?
[Serious] For those who are home from college, what is the hardest part about being around family during this time?
Which movie (movies) are you looking forward to watching for the first time with your children (any age)? Why that (those) movie(s)?
What’s your favourite fast food restaurant?
What would you do if you had two months to live?
What’s the worst case of a tv show pushing an agenda you’ve seen?
What's your million dollar invention?
What would be the best Shitty Life Pro Tip for people going to jail/prison?
What's the TLDR of your degree?
Starting with “the drunk guy at the end of the bar...” what are your pets doing today?
Hey Reddit, which songs do you listen on loop without getting tired of it?
Citizens of Reddit, What’s the worst dream you’ve experience?
What TV/ movie title describes your life right now?
What’s your best / worst drug experience?
What one food item would you make healthy?
What is the biggest regret in your life?
Storytime: Who was your first crush, why and how old were you?
Why are they 'trains of thought'? Or 'trains of conversation'? Are 'trains of conversation' even a thing?
What is it called when you're a teacher and teach the national language in that country?
Americans and Europeans alike, what do you think the age of consent should be?
Which is the most hardest solved mathematical question ?
What’s something you hated as a kid, but grew to like as an adult?
People with serious addictions, what’s it like to be stuck at home going through withdraw?
What's that one thing in life that you work/wait for that makes you say "it's worth it"?
What soda fountain machine mixed drink have you invented?
Star Trek Vs Star Wars. What say you?
Why do dragons understand symbolism?
What is something you regret not doing when you were younger?
Where do babies come from?
How will 1200$ several weeks from now change your life?
Parents of young children, what is a sentence you’ve recently said that you never imagined saying to your child before?
Circus clowns of Reddit, what are the best and worst parts of your job?
If you could rob one place without going to jail but you only had one try where would you rob ?
What’s a topic that you could talk for forever about?
Exotic pet owners, what is the worst thing your pet has done?
What is a chore most people hate but you actually enjoy?
Burglars of reddit, how are you coping now that nearly every household has somebody in it at all times?
What are some words or phrases people use when describing or telling you about something that automatically makes you know they're lying?
What stupid thing have you fought about with your SO since the lock-in?
Hey reddit what's the best places to visit on Google maps satellite view?
Redditors who have their dream job - what do you do? Is it all you thought it’d be?
Which song can be used to play at a wedding as well as can be played at a funeral?
What are some common surreal experiences similar to sitting in the passenger seat of your own car?
What makes you die a little inside?
It’s late at night. Your phone just died, you’re in the middle of an explosive diarrhea and the all the lights shut off. Maybe you start hearing things, or not. What’s your next move?
What is your least favorite family activity you had to do as a child?
How do you fall asleep right away?
What is your crazy ex story ?
What time you usually wake up?
Can you breakdown why Redditors hate Fortnite, Tik Tok and Instagram?
Throwing up in the shower is bad for your pipes, right?
What is a game you created when you were bored?
How do you convince your students to learn Mandarin in this day and age?
Pet owners of Reddit, what kind of animal is your fluffy friend and what it his/her name?
What 3 real people in the world would you choose to take over the planet?
What’s the furthest level of math you got to before you thought “no, can’t do this”?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
What is the Pros and Cons of life?
What are your favorite apps, free or paid?
Once we’re not sheltering in place anymore, where’s the first place you’ll go eat?
Where to watch Game of Thrones online for free?
Idiots of Reddit, what “Don’t do this at home” did you attempt to do at home?
What's the smartest thing you've ever done?
What has been your single favorite experience as a parent, aunt, or uncle?
[serious] teachers of reddit, What was the most nsfw thing youve seen happen in school?
What is an opinion that you consider impossible to have?
What is your "homework" folder called?
What are some of the most fascinating medical mysteries (present or historical)?
What's a quality about you that others like but absolutely hate?
People of Reddit, what 3 qualities do you look for in a partner?
What are Some of the most badass moments of history ?
To all the healthcare workers around the world, what are you doing to keep up your spirits whilst working?
Gamers of Reddit, what was the most toxic thing you've seen someone do?
What is your best “You had to be there” moment?
Gamers of Reddit, which game do you think is the best game ever?
Which historical figure would you have a fight with?
What is the craziest thing you cought your pet doing?
What do you think music will sound like in 20 years?
Redditors who have lost a lot of weight, what are some everyday changes that you didn’t expect?
What's your favourite YouTube channel right now?
[Serious] Defense attorneys of reddit, why do you do it?
What is your least favorite city?
What do you never buy because you produce/make it yourself?
How can you make good use of the power to detect if a person is lying?
What’s it like being a medical examiner?
What is your favorite movie/series/episode where an actor had the change to really show what he/she is capable of?
People who have read the book Factfulness, what is your opinion on the situation?
what do you like the most about life ?
What is the boldest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the coolest thing you found playing in the woods as a kid?
What's a scam that most people get sucked into?
When restaurants reopen, where and what will be your first meal?
In your opinion, which natural phenomenon is the most beautiful?
Who’s an artist that’s better featured on rather than on their own?
Which quirk reveals a lot about a person in your work place?
Where to find some 'shrubbery' in North Carolina?
What is something about you that people would mock saying that you’re trying too hard to be quirky/weird/edgy?
What's a website that still exists, but stopped being updated years ago, that gives you a twinge of nostalgic sadness whenever you think about it or check in for old time's sake?
What are the worst types of people to have an argument with?
What's the funniest shit you ever saw?
What cheaper, generic-brand items do you find just as good or better than the major name brands?
What’s the craziest situation a family member has dragged you into?
What's a free or cheap online game you can play with friends?
What is your favorite user flair? Which subreddit is it from?
What happen if you give a bot a reward?
HSBC users of Reddit, what’s your mother’s maiden name?
If everything you ever searched on Incognito showed up on your history, what would be the strangest thing on it?
What modern song has the 'horniest' lyrics?
If you were Elon Musk what would your Reddit username be?
What punishment you received as a child has stuck with you the most today?
What song would you say sums up your life so far?
What's something you dont want but can afford currently?
If your field of studies/work gave you a relevant super power, what would it be?
What's the most suspiciously specific advice you could give?
What food is superior when eaten the next day?
How do you tell someone that they smell?
Baristas and bartenders of Reddit, what are some easy drinks to make at home while we're all stuck inside?
What is your favorite arcade game?
What is this website?
Dear users of Reddit. What is the worst thing you ever found out about your family members but had to keep it secret?
What is one thing that you wish you never saw?
People of Reddit who own guns, what was a time you had to use them?
What do you secretly love but pretend to hate?
[SERIOUS] What's something you were GRATEFUL to be forced into?
Did big cities have enough parking for all the cars during the shutdown? If not, where are all the cars parked?
What is the last thing you've told to someone you like and still cringe whenever you think about it?
whats the best way one can escape anxiety/nervousness quickly ?
If you had a travel machine,what would you do?
What is a quirk that you have that you think no one else has?
Who is the most clickbait Youtuber?
Couples of Reddit, how do you organize who pays for the dates?
If sickness spreads and grows faster in warmer temperatures, how come more people get sick in the winter, rather than the summer?
[Serious] For you guys and gals who have gone to a brothel or red light district as a paying customer of their adult services, what was your first experience was like?
How can you lookup past owners of a property?
What are some hilariously dumb compliments you can say to a girl?
Why are we still not talking about all the protestors in other countries. Just because people are forced to go inside does not mean these issues couldn't be addressed China still has Slaves and the people of Hong Kong Chile and Iran still wan to be free don't they?
What do you want from Reddit?
What song do you listen to when you’re depressed or low in mood?
Have you ever been jumpscared by a spooky ghost? How'd it all go down?
[Serious] How do you handle a person who knows all the info/stats and still is only pretending to take the situation seriously but aren't following any of the guidelines?
So far in 2020 there has been an epidemic, the Australian brushfires, Indonesian floods, the tensions between Iran and the US, Helicopter/airplane crashes, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes..... are their any years worse than what we are experiencing right now?
What is an aspect of your life most people would view as a curse but to you is a blessing?
What if women were physically as strong as men?
Teachers, what is the wackiest thing a student has ever done?
Former prisoners what are the unwritten rules of prison?
What was the biggest roast by Wendy's you've ever seen?
Has anyone been to a wedding where someone stood up to oppose the union? If so what happened?
What do you think of InfoWars?
What is your most favorite non-fiction book?
How do you start learn to hack?
Redditors who are home 24/7, how are you keeping your productivity up?
You have the power to add/ Change 1 law anywhere in the world for 1 year. What is the law, and why change/Add that law?
Redditors: When was the last time you got a hug, or any sort of physical affection?
if you had 1 hour to live, in that time what would you do??
People who take walks, why do you walk on the road when there is a sidewalk available?
People of Reddi, what was the turning point of your life ?
People who have been under the Witness Protection Program and can now disclose information, what was that like?
How hard do you think it will be to create artificial intelligence with emotions?
Who are the founding mothers of the United States of America?
What are some songs/movies/tv shows that were really popular back in the day, but would be deemed as offensive or immoral nowadays?
What moments in your high school days was someone a complete asshole to you (Not bullying, but just being a dick)? How did you deal with it?
What would you do if your bedroom ceiling went up in flames?
What with these blood donation drives lately popping up ads everywhere?
What is the weirdest, most bizarre podcast you can recommend?
What's some good names for children conceived firing the quarentine?
What is your favorite subreddit and why?
What’s a simple task someone can do that will improve their life?
What's a fault you make once, but never again?
What is the most complicated question you can ever ask?
What is your sex horror story?
Who would win in a fight: any of the X-men or Elsa from Frozen?
People who pour the milk before the cereal, why?
When were you stuck in a game that you had to resort to going online for the answer?
What's your Ideal Nemesis?
What is something unique/interesting about your culture or subculture?
How do you make sure your date is fine with you licking several of your fingers after you're done with your bucket of chicken when you're on a Tinder at KFC?
People that buy storage units what's the most disturbing thing you have found?
What things you do you know are weird, but can't stop doing?
What's the most overrated TV show/film over the last 25 years?
What do you miss the most of your normal life before the lock down and all the social/government restrictions?
[SERIOUS] What is something in your life that you accomplished that you previously thought was impossible?
What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?
If you were given 3 wishes, what would you choose and why?
Who was your worst enemy as a kid or teen? Why?
People with one arm, how do you cut your nails?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever eaten/drank?
What is everyone’s drink of choice while stuck at home?
If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
People of Reddit, on your opinion what makes a scene perfect? And do you have any examples of a perfect scene (it can be from anything, not just a show or movie)?
Has anyone actually ran out of toilet paper recently? If so, what have you used instead?
What’s the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
What did you Google last?
If there was a movie about you which actor would you like to play as you ?
What's your favorite alcoholic beverage including mixed drinks?
What’s your haunted house story?
When is soon? And when is later?
What is the most annoying thing people on reddit do?
What’s the most annoying noise you have heard?
What social media post you regret posting the mosy and why?
What are some good non-profits that we can donate to during this unique time?
how would you respond to people don't like you? here on reddit and real life?
What are some good movies/TV shows to binge watch right now?
What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What profession would you be most terrified of if they threatened to kill you?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What's your least proudest fap but never regret doing?
People who type "u" instead of "you," what do you do with all of your free time?
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What are some good books that are online?
What is something that you don't have in your fridge?
What’s a good video chat app that doesn’t have a noticeable delay?
What is a dog's favorite music?
What’s the worst movie trope?
People of reddit, what are the small red flags in every type of relationship that are easily overlooked?
What is your most pleasant Tinder story?
What good news do you have?
What’s the most recent show you’ve binge watched?
People who played those games being advertised on YouTube commercials: How is it so far?
What’s a story you’ve read or seen on social media that scared the living hell out of you?
What do you think could be done to improve the media?
How do you know your spouse is cheating on you?
Where are you not welcome anymore and why?
What movie/ tv show have you seen 100 times?
What helps you to fall asleep?
What is the most messed up thing you've seen or heard in a video game meant for kids?
[Serious] How did you overcome inappropriate sexual fantasies?
What are some Flash games you're saying goodbye to when Chrome murders it?
rich people of reddit, why are so many rich people legitimately stingy?
How old were you, when you had written your last will?
Ladies that knowingly wear see through leggings out in public, why do you do it?
If American history was an anime, which historical events would be Canon? which ones would be the filler episodes?
How would the world be different if race and gender played NO role in decisions?
What's the most dramatic way you fantasize your death will be?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
Those that found a good therapist WITH insurance, how?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
If you were told your going to die in a week what would you do in your final week?
What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
How clever do you think it is to drop out of high school to focus on becoming buff?
In video games, we sometimes press the wrong button and something bad/unexpected happens. What is the real life equivalent of pushing the wrong button?
Self isolation is going to last a while. What cool skills can be learned during this time stuck at home?
Given your skills and knowledge, what disaster would make you the biggest hero?
Why are so many teens in high school fake friends to each other, and why do they always use each other for their own gain?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What's going to happen to the illegal drug trade during quartentined times?
What would be disastrous if it were a second early, or late?
What’s the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?
What are your favorite podcasts?
What do you think about the 5G rumors?
Who does not like "Animal Crossing"?
What’s the most amazing true story you’ve heard?
Why is YouTube such an alt-right/tinfoil hat cesspool?
What’s the scariest non-horror movie?
Which relationship is your favorite in a book, movie, show, etc.?
What was something you did on your bucket list and instantly regret doing?
What are some great jobs?
What would your perfect bar look like?
So many pics and films from the 50s show men smoking pipes. How and why did pipe smoking fall out of favor?
Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony and why?
Which movie do you wish became a reality?
my friend show me a quote "do exactly what your role model do and you'll be as successful as them", So sucessful people of reddit what did you did that caused delay in your road to success?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered and how?
What would you accomplish if you were able to eliminate procrastination?
Van life people, how are things going right now? How is it with the gyms and such closed?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
What was your most embarrassing public moment?
If you knew you would get away with murder, how would you do it?
What’s your funniest story involving a car?
Students who went on to work at the schools they attended, whats the craziest thing about one of your past teachers you found out?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you’ve seen?
People who went to U.S High Schools, what was you lesson schedule like e.g lesson amount and length per day, subjects per semester, lunch breaks and period length and beginning and end times of school and... well... similar info?
What’s about to get much better?
When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?
What are the small things that keep you going in life?
How do you make a good dildo out of a cucumber while it has so many annoying pricks on it?
How's the game of Monopoly going?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
What is the worse insult someone told you (or vicecersa)?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What are ways to unwind before going to bed that don't involve watching something on your TV/laptop/phone?
To those who say they 'don't believe in marriage', what do you actually mean by this?
Fellow Redditors, would you suck a dick for a billion dollars? Yes or no? If yes, why and if no, why?
What’s the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
what should someone say if their crush asks them to rate how much them like him ?
What makes dating easy for some people and hard for others?
Ginger or Mary Ann? Why?
What’s the negative effects of vaping?
What are some lessons that you have learned during the break?
Street racers/drifters of reddit, what’s the craziest thing that’s happened to you or one of your friends while racing?
What’s the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
What happened to Hong Kong vs. CCP?
Have you ever killed a person and how was it?
What’s a lesser known “If you like band X, you should check out band Y” musical act?
(Serious) What is the biggest secret you have ever kept?
What’s the most ridiculous animal on the planet?
How long should you wait before telling someone you love them?
People who worked from home for their jobs before this shelter in place started. What are some tips to stay sane?
If you’ve faced grave financial troubles, how did it affect your life and what did you learn from it?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
Doctors of Reddit, what’s something a patient said that made you laugh out loud?
People who wear shorts in the middle of winter, Why?
What is something good that has happened to you recently?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
What are some games you can play online over webcam with friends?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
What’s your opinion on the paranormal?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What’s the opposite of a koala?
When was the last time you yelled at someone and why?
You can revive 3 people. Who do you choose and why?
What's the most racist thing you've ever witnessed?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?
People of Reddit, why does the following post keep getting removed: Is there a site that's equivalent to Reddit but without all the shitty rules i.e. "you're doing that too much" messages and the like)?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
Delivery people of Reddit, with more people home than ever and ordering so much, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve encountered?
What is your favorite month?
What's the first thing you do when the isolation is over?
What was the scariest film you watched?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had and why?
Smokers of reddit, how much does a cigarettes or weed costs in your country?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
(NSFW) groupies of Reddit... What's your crazy story?
Ex-inmates of reddit, what were you accused of and why did you do it?
What's a thing you strongly dislike about Reddit?
People living outside of the US, how is the media currently portraying our healthcare system?
What’s a conversation topic you could happily nerd out to every time it comes up?
If you were on death row, what would you pick for your last meal?
What’s the worst teacher you’ve ever had at school?
(asking for a friend) How do you give yourself a blowjob?
What’s your “Back in my day, we…”?
What’s the craziest video you’ve ever seen?
What was a counterargument someone hit you with that made you profoundly reconsider your stance on an issue?
What is the scariest moment you had zero control over and what happened?
What is some good unconventional wisdom? What is some bad conventional wisdom?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
Are shows/movies like Veep or Idiocracy funny or sad now?
What do you do to mess with your cat?
What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?
[serious] What legal jobs feel illegal due to their tasks and/or how easily a decent to large payment is acquired?
What's your favorite picture of all time?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
What skills do you need to have when you are an adult?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can’t seem to get to sleep?
People who downloaded tik tok as a joke, what are you doing with the app now?
What's the longest you've spent on reddit in a single session and what was your favorite sub by the end?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
How does one explain to their partner that they don't want to have sex all the time without said partner disregarding the explanation and assuming it's because of their looks or something else about them?
Hypothetically, what are some made-up inventions that may help the problems faced in popular idioms?
What’s the funniest word in the English language?
What country is the strangest and why?
Who is the kindest person alive today and why do you think so?
What is the coolest way to murder someone?
Redditors who have dreamt of something and it later you realize a bit of it is happening, what were those dreams?
What’s something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
Gamers of Redditt, what are some relaxing video games to play in these stressful times?
What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?
What languages do you wish you could speak and why?
What is your favourite colour?
An anti-vaxxer tells you to name a fact about vaccines in order to change their mind. What fact are you telling them?
What’s something that caught your eye at a garage/yard sale that made you leave immediately?
What’s your best story from a wedding?
What’s something that all your most people agree on?
Why do your eyes water when you're being sick?
What's your favorite sport?
[Serious] What did Satan do that was so bad?
What is your happiest memory?
Where’s your go to restaurant for amazing food?
People who upvote but don't comment, why?
[Serious] Dear Redditor, what moment made you realise "I finally hit rock bottom"?
What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
People who have a private pool, what is the strangest thing you have found in it?
What would you say to or do for a frontline worker?
What current or past trend do/did you hope will go on for a long time and why?
Where can one still buy toilet paper online?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
Imagine your life is like The Truman Show. What is something really weird that you have done that would make the viewers go "WTF?"
Why don’t taxi companies start converting to impromptu delivery services due to recent events?
What is something bad that happened to you that you laugh about to this day?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
What is the Story of you and your significant other?
[serious] Have you ever seen a suicide? if so, what were the events leading up to it?
You get to be super famous, but everybody will know your reddit account. Would you still do it and why?
What are some interesting memories of your childhood?
What’s the most boring super hero you can come up with?
PS5 or XBOX Series X - Which one will YOU be purchasing on launch day?
Redditors, who speak or learn Polish, what are the best sites/channels on YouTube to learn the language?
What was your near-death experience like?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
What is a release (game, movie, etc.) that you were really excited for that ended up being terrible?
(asking for a friend) If tomorrow you wake up drunk and in the bed with and chimpanzee (considering it's not your pet), what would you do?
What do you take to address really bad allergies?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What do you guys daydream of when you are bored?
What song has been ruined for you by that *one* person?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What is your favorite place on Earth?
paratroopers of reddit, how do you free someone who has been tangled in the static line? How often does this happen?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?
What is something everyone needs to do in their lives?
Couples that do NOT shower together: why not?
Reddit: if you could change your race, what would you change it to?
Anyone here know how to get minecraft for free?
Once this crisis is over, what’s one thing you’ll never do again?
What was the longest you have ever stayed up?
What is the weirdest thing someone caught you doing?
What's your favorite board game?
Police officers of reddit, what's it like to be working through all this?
What story have you been waiting for an opportunity to tell?
What song brings you to what moment?
How different would society be if people hibernated?
Those who tested positive for the you know what, what was your experience like?
Parents who had twins after already having kids, how much harder are twins?
Aliens have arrived from another galaxy because they’re able to eradicate all traces of this sickness. They first want to know if we’re deserving. How do you show your acceptance and gratitude for this gift?
What seemingly insignificant scene in your life is planted in great detail in your memory for absolutely no apparent reason at all?
What anime would you live in?
What is the free quota of google maps, places and autocomplete?
Religious people of reddit, why do you consider religion to be essential and what do you think of atheists?
There has been renewed interest in the possibility of a UBI program in America. What would the pros and cons be of guaranteeing all Americans a modest living wage of $5000-$6000 a month?
Which currently available technology seems like science fiction?
What's your worst restaurant experience?
Christian WoW players, when do you expect Leroy Jenkins to return and unite the Horde and Alliance for eternal peace?
What embarrassing or shameful truth about yourself would you never share with someone offline?
Immigrants of Reddit: What is something that people take for granted in your adopted country?
What is the most common incorrect autocorrect on your phone? Has it ever resulted in a funny or weird miscommunication?
What is a piece of technology under 100$ that has changed your life?
What kind of TV Shows/Documentaries can drive interesting and engaging conversations?
How different would society be if people hibernated?
Which popular character on a TV show do you hate?
People who once battled with depression, how did it get better?
Why do some people argue that Reddit is not social media? And what do you like about Reddit, as compared to Twitter, Insta, Snapchat, FB., etc?
What’s your schizophrenia story?
Who have you disappointed?
Straight guys, if a gay guy asked you what your sexuality was, would that make you feel uncomfortable?
If you got to have sex with anyone in the world, but had to do it Donald Trump first, what would you do?
If you could ask the U.S Goverment 1 question which they have to answer honestly then what would your question be?
What was the most effort you've ever put into a video game?
[serious] Trans people of Reddit, how did you tell your family you wanted to change gender?
What is something you’ve done recently that you hope nobody finds out about?
How do we face the current economic crisis?
What’s the best pass-time that costs no money and isn’t wanking?
What is the "Worst Thing" to Happen in Modern History?
What was the best sports team ever assembled?
Athletes, what’s your pregame ritual?
How would you explain what being trans is?
How/why/what/where/when do you do?
How did you ruin your reputation?
What do you miss from the past?
What is the worst this g that happened to you or someone you know that you laugh about know?
Why was the decade you grew up in the best decade to grow up?
What’s your favourite childhood snack?
Would u rather be single but free or engaged but no freedom and why?
If you were an Antelope running from a Lion right now in the middle of African Savannah, what would you do (asking for a friend)?
What time period would you live in if you didn't have to worry about health/medical issues?
[Serious] Whats something new you've learned about yourself now that you have so much free time at home?
Have you broken a law when you were younger unknowingly? What was it?
How did your day take a turn for the worst?
What is something you like to do that other people would probably consider “weird” if they knew?
What to do for personal growth when at home all day during these times ?
[Serious] Female redditors, what do you find exciting about watching porn in specific?
How do you feel your countries political leader is handling these current times?
What is or was your funniest school story?
Redditors, what did that “one friend” do that made you stop being friends with them?
What is something you either hardly use, or always use?
When have you thought you were talking to someone else?
What are the Pros and Cons of living in New England?
What’s your take on marijuana? Should it be legal everywhere, or only certain places?
Redditors, what did that “one friend” do that made you stop being friends with them?
What is your favorite Store that is closed right now and why? How are you coping with their absence from your life?
What question here gets asked so many times and still gets a crazy amount of replies each time?
What was your New Years resolution and how has it gone trying to maintain it?
What is one story your friend tell sat every party and you're LEGIT done hearing it?
What's your favorite subreddit?
What is your current daily routine during your time off?
Have you ever wished you could be one of your friends and if so why?
Policemen of Reddit , what’s the scariest thing you’ve seen while on the job?
Older people will say “back when I was in school, we didn’t have calculators.” What will we be saying to our children with regards to education?
If Reddit didn’t exist what social media do you think you would use?
Sex ed/heath teachers of reddit what misinformation or exaggerations did the law/curriculum force you to teach students?
If you had a clone but of the opposite sex with your same personality traits how would you feel and what would your relationship with them be like?
What's your DnD horror story?
What were your hobby's as a kid and are they still your hobby's?
If life was an anime, what parts would be canon? Which parts would be the filler?
Parents, genuinely what has it been like for you with your children home everyday as opposed to them being at school?
People who are used to getting snowed in for winter, how do you stay sane?
How do you feel about this subreddit being so strict about its rules, effectively cutting off a bunch of interesting questions simply if you phrase it wrong or it could be a yes/no answer, but still have the ability to expand upon it?
Who is the most annoying relative you have?
What's the unluckiest thing that has happened to you?
What’s a ghost story, urban legend, folk tale etc from where you’re from?
What is your personal philosophy?
Who is feeling stressed and anxious right now and why?
If you had to choose one song to describe each stage of your life, which songs would you choose?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of China ?
What videogame has changed your life, in better or worse way?(serious)
Men and Women of Reddit, what do you do when you need motivation, energy and power to accomplish something?
What turns you off but turns on people more?
LGBT+ individuals, in honor of the Transgender Day of Visibility, what does your identity mean to you?
Why is this sub so horny?
If your best friend ditched you for the popular kids, got treaded badly by them, and came crawling back to you, would you take them back and why?
[Serious] How is Trump a good businessperson? Don't you have to turn a profit?
What’s the fastest way to make money doing surveys on the “ZAP” app?
The CEO of Reddit just announced that Reddit is going to be renamed! What should the new name be?
What is that memory you have that you can’t recall whether it was a dream or if it really happened?
What's that one thing someone has done/said/cooked that brought out your Inner Gordon Ramsay?
Why are dependent college students not receiving stimulus checks even though many of them are in substantial debt?
How come it's so trendy to be a young, vegan mother on instagram right now, especially with this dull and white aesthetic?
[SERIOUS] What are some good video games for people over 30 who under normal circumstances don't play games very often ?
What are the main annoyances/ frustrations in your everyday life?
Hey Reddit, what's for dinner?
Bird owners of reddit, if you bring your bird outside how do you know they won't fly away?
Have you ever been fetishized? How did it happen?
If you could interview one celebrity for one night, who would you choose to interview and why ?
People of Reddit, What is your cringiest or embarrassing hook-up story?
Dumb people of reddit, what is one thing you realised a little too late in life and everyone else knew it already?
what do you think of nurses? should they be paid more or less than they do now?
When you watch TV, how much attention do you pay to the advertisements?
People who have watched WWE in the arena, does it look as real as on tv?
Manipulators of Reddit, how do you learn someone’s weakness and run circles around them?
Railfans of Reddit, what’s the most scariest thing you’ve seen while railfanning?
How do you handle living with a roommate in a small apartment who refuses to stop socializing? And then touches all the food, etc?
Taking a hot bath or taking a hot shower?
If you lost your job how long could you survive without having to find another job or getting assistance?
What are some simple things you have cooked during this "indefinite break"?
What is the most annoying thing that has happened to you or a friend?
What do you think about mobile gameing(seriously)?
if you could rearrange the alphabet, in what order would you put the letters?
Men of reddit, when have you genuinely feared getting hit in the nuts?
If everyone randomly fell down right now, what would happen to you?
Who is the Epoch Times and what are they all about?
How do you deal with a neighbour who snores loud enough that it keeps you up?
What do you put in your smoothies?
The Great Depression of 1929 had big impacts on American society such the New Deal, lack of trust in capitalism, and the creation of new trade barriers; what do you predict will result from this depression-like-crisis?
What do you put in your smoothies?
What is your most remembered dream?
Those of you who believe in illuminati what is the proof of your belief?
What is something you want to do in your life but you are not able to?
How do you interact with "good vibes only" friends while remaining realistic?
Redsitors who got their dreams crushed. How did you cope with it?
For redditors who’ve woken up from a coma, what was the biggest surprise/change you missed while out?
Have you ever posted on reddit a question that got some attention and never posted an update, if so what's your update?
What popular show did you try and watch but just couldn't get into?
the zombie apocalypse happens, what do you do? where do u go?
What's the best feeling in the world and why?
Siblings of Reddit, do you prefer brothers or sisters, and why?
What is the most asked question you’ve seen in this subreddit?
Gamers of Reddit, what moment made you quit a game for good?
What is a human evolution that would benefit most of humanity in future generations being realistic ?
Have you worked on the crew of a reality show? What's something behind the scenes that would surprise a viewer?
What is the most "Sweet Home Alabama" moment that you ever had?
What's the worst flex you've overheard?
Whose voice just makes everything all better?
What are some jokes in shows you liked as a kid that wouldn't fly today?
What is your plan to blow up on Reddit?
What was your "maybe others don't see me as I see myself" moment ?
What's the most unique and interesting video game tutorial you've ever played?
When’s the last time you had a high from a conversation?
What are some great youtube videos to watch while getting high?
What’s the best thing to say after loudly farting in public?
How brutal are 12+ hour flights?
Construction workers/Excavators/Contractors: what’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen on a job site?
People in High School, what do you want to be when you grow up? People in that Profession, what is it really like?
What is the strongest reaction to "The Power of Suggestion" that you ever witnessed?
Why is tiger king worth watching?
Which conspiracy theories do you know and believe?
What is a thing you did as a child that you still do?
What meal looks really difficult to cook, when in reality it doesn’t require much skill?
If your life was a movie, what genre would it be and why?
Students of reddit, what's the craziest/dumbest thing a teacher did at your school?
People who have been poor but are now rich, does money really bring happiness?
If Earth is suffering from global warming, then why did they release Frozen 2?
Is the popularity of white rice a product of systematic racism? why or why not?
What was one of your best childhood memories?
Game Developers of Reddit, do you guys ever discuss or make bets on which emote will be used for BM? Can you think of a time where you were surprised which one stuck?
What is your embarrassing dinner with girlfriend/boyfriends parents story?
What's the most "non-violent" form of revenge have you inflicted upon someone who bullied you?
What is tv most wrong about?
Parents of Reddit, What is the moment you went “oh fuck” when talking to your kids?
What is the weirdest story you know that is 100% true?
What's something you do subconsciously (without thinking about it) that annoys you?
How do you know what information about yourself you keep private?
Where do you live and are gyms in the area open?
If you could date one celebrity,who would it be?
Most people ask for advice and then refuse to follow it. What advice have you asked for in the past and then refused to apply?
What's something that's really easy to explain but unbelievably hard to understand?
How many of the couples you know do you think will still be together a year from now?
What true story really should be made into a movie or tv show?
What are some foods you can grow at home that might be affected by the migrant labor shortage?
How do you think sleep paralysis from older centuries effected myths and legends?
Do you remember your first wet dream, and if so, what was it like?
People who gave up on their dreams, what was the turning point?
People who have worked or visited the Queen Mary, have you ever had any supernatural experiences there?
What are the funniest quotes/memes you’ve come across related to our current times?
Parole officers of reddit, what have been the dumbest things you have seen fresh parolees do?
Why do some people name their child after themselves?
What’s your tinder love story?
If you could sit down and have a pint with someone who’s passed, who would it be and why?
If money and time is not a constraint, what would you do?
Redditors who were in a cult and left, what was your experience?
What was better than you expected when you went to jail?
How did you tell your SO, for the first time, that you love them?
[Serious] Paramedics of Reddit: what was the most awkward/unnecessary emergency call you’ve got?
What’s the best thing you got from a thrift store?
What’s your favorite Little Debbie snack?
have you ever visited a place and it turned out way different from what you expected? how so?
People who work as Tandem Skydivers, what's your worst experience with a customer?
Some local toughs have been pooping on your doorstep every night. You can't go to the police -- this is a beef on the streets, and snitches get stitches in your hood. How do you handle it?
You are tasked with writing The Bible II. What happens next?
What is the creepiest fact you know about WW2?
You wake up in the middle of the night and there is someone in your house, what do you do?
What would be the best places to learn programming online?
What are the best 70s /80s /90s songs?
What's something scary that happened to you because of drugs?
What's a movie scene that makes you cry just by thinking about it?
You're stuck with a rapist in an elevator. What do you do?
[Serious] What is something that your parents have no idea you know about them?
What are some biological life hacks that actually work?
What t-shirt print would you buy on the spot?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what are your thoughts about the current situation in America?
if you would give 1 piece of advice to an 18 year old, what would it be?
What was the best dream you ever had?
Are you a "the person who cooked shouldn't have to clean" person or a "you made the mess, you clean it" person?
What is one essential song you would play for someone who has never heard or experienced music before?
What are skills that “everyone should learn,” but are completely useless to most people in modern society?
What is a polite way to say that you don‘t want to get unfunny boomer videos from your relatives?
If you could wish anything you want, what would you wish?
You have $15 what is the absolute most damage you could possibly do?
what do you feel while speaking in a language you are learning?
What word in a language other than English is used as diversely as "fuck" is?
What's your Facebook Marketplace disaster story ?
How’s the wifi quality where you’re living right now with everyone stuck using it at once?
Why when the remote control battery is discharged, we push the button firmly as if to charge again?
If you’re being extremely quiet what does it mean?
What is the creepiest thing your pet has done?
What do you DO, MUCH better than your SO - even though that person thinks THEY do it better?
Who is in charge here?
Lost fans of Reddit, what is the one character of the show you think everybody likes but you?
Which activity do you miss the most now?
Among all the people you've met in your life, who was the best and why?
What are some great action/comedy/thriller/crime/fiction movies to watch these days?
what is the first thing that come to your mind when you think about germany?
What's a song you liked until you actually realised what the lyrics were?
People who paid for Winrar, who are you? What drives you?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What are you better at with your non-dominant hand than your dominant one?
what is a interesting story about your ancestors?
What is some weird food fetishes that you are sure you are the only one that has it?
[Serious]What is the crime of the century, so far, for the entire world?
What do you want to buy but you also think that it is a waste of money?
[Serious] What habit or skill did you develop in a fairly short time that really improved your life?
You wake up the leader of a religion, you have millions of followers and everything you do is holy. What's the first thing you do?
What are the best subreddits to scroll through while being high?
how to find real authentic genuine female girl for sex fucking ?
Gamers of Reddit, what are some of the funniest experiences while playing online?
Why won’t the cat allow a hug?
If you could take over the life of any anime character, who would it be?
What would you normally be doing right now?
Dog owners of Reddit: How have your dogs alerted you before something bad happened?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the worst homework excuse you’ve ever heard?
Adults of reddit, what is something you regret not doing as a kid because it backfired on you?
Why not make cat food flavor mice?
What are some “quick learn” hobbies/skills that don’t require too much effort?
You're stuck with a murderer in an elevator. What do you do?
College/School dropouts, how did you turn out?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
What are some great movies from your childhood?
If you were given $100,000 to start your life over, what would you do?
Reddit, what songs should be included in a playlist for the Apocalypse?
What was the last push that made you become an atheist?
How much do you miss coffee shops?
Reddit, what is your favorite flavor of Calypso lemonade?
What evil prank have you pulled off?
To boys and men of Reddit: when and why did you cry the last time?
Pawn Shop Employees of Reddit, what's the worst deal you've been offered? (SERIOUS)
What's the best thing you have ever done?
What are some recent, geopolitical developments that have been the obscured by other news?
What's the best thing you have ever done?
If you had the ability to erase your memory after doing something you love, What it would be so you could experience it like the first time?
males of reddit, what was the craziest matter your crush found you guilty of?
What's the best thing you have ever done?
What are some good board games to play in quarentine?
People who chew pills instead of taking them whole with water, what the hell is wrong with you?
What's your favorite invention ever?
What are some good songs to listen to after a loved one has passes away?
If there was a movie about you and your life so far, how would you describe the plot?
Good morning users of Reddit. What is one thing that you want to do today?
What is your Tinder miracle story?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What Is your team reddit: 420 or 69?
What’s the formal version of the middle finger?
What good deed have you done that you never told anyone about?
As a western (globally) what are the things that you envy about the easterns and As easterns(globally)what do you envy about westerns?
How can people improve their lives during these troubling times?
Hypothetical: As this crisis makes its way through Turkey, it's discovered Hallocinegenic honey is the best preventative measure for symptoms. How does the world react?
Any suggestions on what to do whilst locked up at home; anything that does not involve being a couch potato?
What’s the nicest compliment you have received?
Why do teeth sometimes go bad no matter how much brushing and flossing?
What part of your body are you most uncomfortable with?
What's the last lie you told someone? Did they believe you?
What celebs rub you the wrong way for no reason?
What is your best 2020 haiku?
Was the snow leopard in the back of the guy's van in the TV show Tiger King Okay?
What’s something you tell your friends but not your family?
People who pronounce all last names properly, how does ye do it?
What has been your biggest mistake in love?
Do you say 'rock paper scissors' or rock paper scissors shoot' and why?
Why do pickled cucumbers have warts and all?
What are some skills a 19 year old can learn during these times?
What conversations do you have with your dogs?
What is a good starter video game for a middle aged man who has never really played before?
Who are you most comfortable around?
What is the most disrespectful thing you’ve ever seen?
What are some things that you wanted to do in 2020 but now you understand that you're not gonna be able to do in this year?
If you could ask the president one question what would it be?
Redditors with failing highschool grades, where has life taken you?
[SERIOUS] What's the most interesting or scary dream you've ever had?
What is your camping story that everyone should know about?
What are ways people store food incorrectly?
How to you chill at home?
We know movies always get it wrong... when was a time a movie (or tv show) actually portrayed your profession accurately?
People of Reddit, what’s the most back-handed “compliment” you have received?
What is your definition of America?
Copy right in names how does that work ?
Whats the most fun thing you’ve done since the “vacation” started?
Which actor would have the most interesting life if their filmography was autobiographical?
Men who saw their wife in her wedding dress before the wedding, how's it going now?
Popular and loved irl people of reddit, how?
What new skills or projects are you guys taking up if you had all the time in the world?
Why do you find downvoting to be legitimate retaliation?
what's the most amazing think about the universe?
Hackers of reddit how close do you match the 'Hacker' stereotype?
What’s the most paranormal thing that has happened to you?
What are some cult (as in "cult film") YouTube channels?
Extroverted Redditors that got into gaming later - what're the games good to get extroverts to start/enjoy?
Realistically, how worse can it get?
Who are you most comfortable around?
What is that one incident of your life that makes you cringe so bad, that you want to go back in time and change it?
If someone held a gun to your head and said “you’ve got 5 seconds to get a song stuck in my head”, what do you say?
Are you easy to get along with? Why/Why not?
People that sleep during the day, why do you do this? And how do you call your meals?
What is your favorite city?
What's your biggest regret in your life so far ?
What’s the funniest online schooling experience you’ve had so far?
Who was the last person you held hands with?
Hunters of reddit, what’s your scariest hunting experience?
If you could make a world trip right now, where would you go and why?
What's gonna to be the next huge trend that transforms our lives, like the smartphone revolution?
What’s the most wholesome thing you’ve seen on Reddit?
What would you never wish on your worst enemy?
The last song you listened to is stuck in your head for the rest of your life. How bad is your mental health now?
What’s the coolest(useless) skill you know?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the most memorable tattoo you gave someone who was drunk?
What big lie did you tell that you have never come clean about?
[Serious] What is it like in US in states with stay at home orders? Are people obeying or are they still carrying on?
How to know the best job for you ? [Serious]
What is there purpose of a butt plug?
What are some good social apps to use to meet new people?
What is something that is objectively, and without a doubt; evil?
What is a food that you hate and love at the same time?
What was your favorite book as a kid?
What is your favorite fact?
What is the dumbest question you've heard a reporter make?
People who have said, “I wish I could just sit home and do nothing all day”, hows it going?
If you have ridden a dog like a horse, what was the breed and what happened?
If you have ridden a dog like a horse, what was the breed and what happened?
What is something that you have and want to get rid of?
What normal behavior make you cringe ?
Imagine getting married at the age of your battery percentage, what would that age be?
People who don't know how to swim, has it significantly affected your life in any way? Do you plan on learning how to swim?
Why Bluehost Hosting is the Best Hosting?
Would you rather have sex with a trans guy (FTM) or a trans woman (MTF)? Why?
If you were Bigfoot, what would be your favorite activities to scare/annoy hikers?
People, who live in or near a house or location in a show or movie what's it like seeing a lot of people take photos or visit?
What was the last skill you picked up?
[Serious] What brings meaning to your life, and have you found a way to make a career out of it?
What is the most wholesome thing you have seen on Reddit?
What is the one superpower you would absolutely not want someone else to have?
What kind of things can be claimed when doing taxes as a background performer? [Serious]
When was the last time you thought: "the universe is screwing with me"? [serious]
Redditors 30 years and up, how often do you keep in touch with your "high school gang"?
People who have animal crossing, what is the argument to buy the game for people who are on the fence?
What's something frustrating, lot of people live with, but could be handled easily?
What do people do they dont understand makes them look like a dick head?
Would you like to be only 1 male in world of females? Why, why not?
Redditers, What is one site or video you would suggest for spreading joy during lock downs and quarenteens?
What’s your relationship with lettuce? Love it, indifferent or hate it?
What are old Askreddit threads that are perfect to binge on?
What’s your favorite song?
What is your wallpaper/home screen/ lock screen? And why?
Which year would you like to live in?
What country is the best/worst to live in, in terms of treating its expats and citizens as equals? And what are your experiences?
Booger pickers of Reddit, how do you dispose of your boogers?
What movie or tv show had the best cover of a song that you loved or hated ? What was the show and what was the song?
What do you think would happen if chucky and other chuck meet the stardust crusader?
80s-90s kids, Sega or Nintendo and what was your game?
Redditors who went to school with a celebrity, who were they and what were they like when they were young?
Families of pornstars, how did you find out about your family member's work, and does it affect your relationship?
Can you name something where it is awesome to have one from but it starts to suck as soon as you get a second one of this thing?
What skill you wish you have learned or know how to, back when you were young or in kindergarten school ?
At what point do you plan on/are you supposed to put down your pet?
It's really hard to buy toilet paper but not hard to buy hand soap, why?
When was the last time you've cried and why?
Redditors who spend hours on Reddit everyday without their wife/husband knowing, why?
You wake up to suddenly realise that you can see around corners, how irritating is this for OTHER people and why?
What is something you don't have but want?
You've started a new business. A daycare tailored to boomers. When training the sitters, what are your recommendations for lulling a fussy boomer to sleep?
Retail workers, what is the dumbest/funniest/weirdest/ most frustrating experience you’ve had with a customer?
What internet trouble did you get into as a kid?
What’s an insult you took as a compliment?
What is something we should learn before we go to college?
How often do you just sit and laugh with yourself cause you're so frigging funny?
What do you personally think is the reason why Whoopi Goldberg shaves her eyebrows off?
Skeptics, what's your most believable paranormal event?
America is down now. How to find a employment now ?
What's the first thing you gonna do when you can get outta your house?
[Serious] People who have seen a dead body, what is your story?
Dear people of Reddit, what qualities do you see in a person that makes you slowly open up to them?
What is your favourite game that you've never actually played?
[Serious] What are you guilty of?
What is one non-sexual thing that turns you on?
Right now in Navy boot camp they add "Stress Cards" that allow a recurt in boot camp to not get punshied/do a workout because to many young people where quiting in all branches, what do you think about it?
D&amp;D players of Reddit, what is the most creative character you've seen someone play as?
People who have died in movies. What are you doing in the afterlife?
Psychiatrists on reddit, what was your 'WTF is wrong with him/her' moment?
What are some good albums to listen to back to back?
What are some fun online games one can play right now?
If you Owned 30% of any company, what company would you chose?
The last text message you sent/received is now your 2020 Presidential Campaign slogan; how successful is your campaign run?
How old is the oldest pair of shoes you own, why?
What was your worst experience at the dentist's?
At what age did you stop smoking weed? And why? (Serious)
Studs of reddit, how do you pick up girls at an early age?
Name a movie that you believe shaped you as a person. How did said movie shape you as a person?
What are the signs of a bad parent?
What does privilege mean to you?
How to trick yourself into brushing your tooth twice a day?
What to name a desktop goose?
What motivat you to woke up every morning?
If a stranger randomly texted you and asked if you wanted something from the shops, what would you ask for?
Barbers of reddit, what is your worst "oh shit, I messed up" moment?
Chef's of reddit, why do you get so offended when you're called "pan-handlers"?
Which experience of your's made you believe in destiny?
[Serious] People who have moved and started a new life, what's your story?
Why are us humans so polarised? Why can't we reconcile the greyness of the world?
Who does intermittent fasting? How are the results? What are your schedules like?
If you could spend a day completely by yourself, and see no one, no matter where you go or what you do, would you do it?
What comment got you gold that is really weird out of context?
Your getting locked up but can sneak in 3 things...what are they?
People of Reddit, what is your “outsmarting the enemy” story?
What was the worst “this person just died, let me pretend I cared about them” display you’ve ever seen?
What made you achieve comedy nirvana?
If you could go back in time, what is something you’d tell your past self about 2020?
What is something you want to do that’s very illegal?
What day is it?
To the synth experts, which is a better for brass sections: Native Instruments's Symphony Essentials Brass Ensemble, or Output's Analog Brass &amp; Winds??
[Serious] What's a moment in your life where you realized you needed to make a massive change?
If you could switch bodies with anyone, as many times as you want, and travel to any era, and live as that person, who would you be, what year, and where?
Parents of Reddit, what is a good gift that can be delivered to new parents to help them out?
What is something that you consider unforgiveable?
What's your favorite anime?
What is the most tragic event that happend to your grandparrents?
What’s the most ridiculous “fact” you’ve ever heard someone say?
What areas of your life could be compared to ignoring a "check engine" light?
What’s your dog’s name then what’s the name you call them that is no where near the real thing?
Why do you think there are so many not so great parents out there?
What is something you saw in a TV show/movie that you started doing in real life?
Redditors with Feet, how do your favourite socks look like? Why are they your favourites?
[Serious] 30 year olds going to med school, what is your story?
What are some good resources to learn acoustic guitar for free?
Hey Reddit! What are you guys doing to keep busy while everything is closed? We are basically allowed to go outside and do essential travel. Ideas?
What memory of yours make you think “Damn I’ve been on this earth for a long time”?
Have you ever had a wild animal come up to you for help or anything of the sort? If so, what’s the story?
In your opinion, what will your job occupation look like in 20 years?
What is the elephant in the room right now?
What accent sounds the best in your language?
What repressed memory came to light recently?
Is it possible to make a 2D barcode that functions as an ALT+D press when scanned?
What changes have you seen in yourself recently?
What's the story behind your signature?
How much of your extended family do you have on your Facebook, Instagram etc?
What do you guys think of people who go to Barber’s house for haircut?
What anime would you suggest for a beginner?
How's your day going?
People of Reddit, here is a completely random question: In your opinions, which cereal makes the best milk?
Marvel Cinematic Universe fans, what is one marvel film you feel like you can't live without?
Rich people of Reddit, what are the bad parts about being rich?
Have you ever met a weird character during your vacation trips? If yes what were they like??
Has anyone had a kid "by mistake/accident" and now they are the best thing that has ever happened to you? How so?
What is your favorite stereotype?
People of Reddit who comes from a town that a famous person came from, what’s it like? Is there a special “famous person” day where y’all celebrate that celebrity?
What do you do when you know you will be on list of people who get laid off announced this Monday?
What's something we do that makes us conscious, but in reality nobody judges us when we do it?
What are some fun (legal) neighborhood activities to do during this time?
have you ever witnessed the butterfly effect and how did you witnessed it?
Why do you choose to be a vegan?
If you could get a button that would make you a RANDOM Animal but not guaranteed to change you back to Human would you push it? If not why?
What show seasons do you wanna buy digitally so that you can access it at any time and anywhere?
To the people who pour milk before cereal, why?
What was a time where you could feel that someone was alive despite reason and were right?
Those of you that claim to have experienced something paranormal, what’s your story?
Any Ex prison inmates/guards out there, what was the weirdest thing found in another inmate’s shoe?
What skills have you been learning during your time indoors?
Know this was posted years ago, but what was the most disturbing shock vid/pic you saw on the internet?
People of reddit, have you ever met an unbelievably intelligent person? What did they do that made you aware of their extraordinary intelligence?
What do you want for Christmas?
What is the weirdest noise you heard coming from your nextdoor neighbor?
How do you get yourself out of a rut where you lounge around all day eating 3x more calories daily than you should?
What animals have you seen returning to your Neirborhoods?
Everyone has their life's greatest regret. What is your life's mildest regret?
What is one thing you actually like about self isolation and staying in?
When did Italians start to be looked down upon the same Irish people are in Europe?
What was the funnest/cutest thing you have seen this week?
Dear siblings of reddit, What's the most annoying thing your brother/sister has ever done to you?
What do you wish you spent more time doing five years ago?
How do you stop wasting money?
What is something you want but currently can't afford?
What's your favorite episode of a TV show?
If bending existed in today’s world, which countries would be in one of the four element nations?
What do you do when life gives you limes instead of lemons?
What is a movie that everyone needs to watch at least once in their life?
[Serious] Reddit is a sh*tload of people. What's something we could do together, right now, that would be hugely beneficial for everyone?
What are some ways to make money in a short time?
What is keeping you going right now?
What are the top tactics used by the intellectually dishonest to win their arguments through half-truths and misleads?
What’s a ghost experience you’ve had? [serious]
What is your "this is either stupidest thing I ever done or bravest thing I ever done" story, and how did that went?
What are you doing today?
A new series of choose-your-own adventure books is coming out based on the lives of people living today. What kind of books are in the series, and what kinds of endings do they have?
[Serious] In what moment did you realize, "Fuck, I'm going to jail,"?
Gamers of Reddit, what games have you played that you found an exploit in, but never told anyone?
What was the funniest case of mistaken identity you have seen?
What’s one piece of advice that you regret giving someone?
If you’re favourite movie was a YouTube click bait title. What would the title be?
Parents of reddit, what was the dumbest thing your child has said or done?
Formally Obese or Currently Obese members of Reddit. What inspired you to lose weight and how did it improve your quality of life?
What educational or self-help book have you enjoyed recently, and why?
If you were a demon/godlike entity what kinda ritual would one have to perform to summon you?
Why don’t women realize their worth in a relationship and allow men to walk all over them?
If you have ridden a dog like a horse, what was the breed and what happened?
Why does pulling a muscle in your butt make it so hard to do everyday activities?
Batman became Batman because he was afraid of bats. So what do you become due to your fear?
What was your most anime-like moment?
What is one thing you love about yourself?
Pen&amp;paper player of reddit, how do you manage to play when you can't meet each other?
what is the meaning of life?
What's the primary channel you watch on either YouTube or TV?
If you could wipe your memory clean of one tv series so you could binge watch it like it’s new, what would it be?
People that were cheating or having affairs: How does it work now?
If your life was turn-based, whose turn would it be after you finished yours?
How would you win a competition in which the person who least tries to win will be the winner?
What is some revolutionary technology that most people don't know about?
Have you ever lied about how you got an injury? If so what really happened?
What are some good YouTube channels that we can all binge watch right now?
Reddit, what’s the greatest video you’ve ever watched on YouTube?
How many deaths will it take 'till he knows that too many people have died?
Now that you're probably stuck at home, what simple things are you more grateful for?
What's your favourite thing about the youtube channel cuteboy 2?
What is the best online platform to find and commission visual artists to do high-quality artwork relatively quickly (within a week)?
When has somebody who hated you and or bullied you turned out to really like you?
Who is your worst teacher and why??
What’s something that seems normal but gets weirder the more you think about it?
What is your opinion on Trump ?
There's currently around 7.8 billion people on earth. How do you think the population will change in the next 10 years?
Which TV or movie roles were ruined by bad casting and how would fix them?
Some people are speculating that this is the “end of times” leading up to the Rapture, according to Christian ideology. What do you think?
How did you cope with a verbally and/or physically family?
You have one try at a what-if-machine. What do you try out?
How did nazis burn over 6 million people when we are having trouble with a few thousand with modern tech?
Redditors of Reddit, if you could rearrange the alphabet any way you wanted, how would you do it and why?
What's the stupidest 'you can't live without this!' product you've ever seen advertised?
What do you make of people suddenly refusing to make eye contact with each other?
Single Dads who can’t see their kids right now, how are you coping ?
What is the funnest thing you like doing at home?
What the most sexually daring thing you’ve ever done?
What subreddits are you using to connect with new people?
Why is there a lack of squirrels today in Alabama?
What is something seen as unusual/wtf that you do constantly?
People who walked in on their parents having sex, what's your story and how traumatized are you?
What is the weirds fantasy you heard of ?
Who's a total badass that not enough people know about?
Ex cons/prison guards of reddit, how do people who aren’t white, black, or Hispanic fit into the prison social structure?
Have your parents (or just anyone in general) been on your computer/laptop and either almost or did look through your browser history and found some “interesting” stuff, what did you do?
Gorls, how can we communicate better with y'all ?
What led you to have your first existential crisis?
What are some must have subs for someone with a new account?
What are some jokes that are so bad that they're actually funny?
[serious] if you could go back in time and give yourself one piece of advice to benefit your future, what would it be and at what age would give it to yourself ?
Bank workers, what’s saddest thing you’ve ever seen a customer do with their money?
Even those who do not believe in the paranormal. Is there ever a time when something almost unexplainable happend to you that made you question your view?
Kids of boomers, what was dumbest think your parents in attempt to stop you from gaming?
How did you realize you were dating a sociopath?
What is going on in the drug trade now with the global shutdown?
Is there an online game where you are in an research facility like Aperture or black Mesa?
What music phase are you currently going through?
How much nickel teen is in one cigarette?
What’s something you see everyday but never notice?
Men of reddit, What do you think a man should work on/improve to be a better Father,BF, An Elder Brother, Husband or a better person in all areas of life?
If you to restart your life to when you were a baby with everything you know right now, would you do it?
If the entire world had no electricity What would you be doing right now?
Your username is your last meal. What are you having ?
What is something that you saw a animal do that was very human like?
What are the reasons to take Fox News to small claims court?
If the world suddenly turned into an animated world which style from an animated property do you hope it looks like?
What are some unique rock/metal songs/bands (like Rammstein, The Hu, Bloodywood, Tengger Cavalry, Alien Weaponry etc.) ?
Why do guys only tie their shoelaces once?
What is the most NSFW thing you’ve seen on a college campus?
What are your most favorite mini-games within a game (like gambling activities in RDR 2, etc.)?
What do you want but can't afford currently?
what movie or game endings ruined the whole thing?
What important news have we all missed whilst the major outlets bombard us with the C word?
People who live in Germany, Italy, and Japan, how is world war 2 taught in your schools?
What was an insecurity you had as a child you currently are or trying self secure yourself now?
People who rely on looks for their job; what is your thought on getting old?
What’s the worst movie ever?
Vets who worked on humans and doctors who worked on animals, what's your best stories?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would your foolproof wishes be that cant possibly backfire?
Which movie turned out way better than you expected?
What would you think about a law requiring you to leave your parent's house at 30?
What soft skills aren’t all that crucial now but will be vital to a person’s success in the next few decades?
If you could buy your SO anything right now, what would it be and why?
What's the most effective way to forget something bad/worst?
Would aloe Vera be a good alternative for cream when masterbating?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to ask about the opposite gender?
What is the best comeback you have made?
Whats something that's overpriced but you would still pay for?
How good are the "My pillow" pillows?
How do you cope with loneliness?
What is the name of your favorite sub, written like a YouTube clickbait title?
What do you have that you don't want currently?
What was the most useful skill you learnt in college?
What is something that annoys you but you never complain because it would seem like you were bitching?
(Wrong and absurd answers only) Whats the meaning of life?
What’s the nicest thing that someone did for you that you wish you could pay back?
Post apocalypse and when nature begins to overtake cities and desolate areas what are you most excited for nature to reclaim?
Which song instantly psyches you up every time you listen to it?
Do you believe Atlantis existed in some ways? If so, where was it?
Let’s boast a little: what are you very proud of?
What did you do or say to avoid getting in trouble with your parents?
What is your favourite curse word?
Which great dictator of past could be successful entrepreneur and why?
If your life was a movie, who would have directed it?
why is indian number system different from international system?
What questions should people absolutely never ask if they aren’t prepared to hear the answer?
Redditors in Non-English speaking countries whats the worst movie title translation you have seen?
What is the worst thing someone has said to you?
People of Reddit who've seen Nessie or any kind of rumoured creature, what was your experience?
Introverts in a relationship with an extrovert, how do you keep your relation afloat !?
Polygamist redditors, what is your experience?
What do homeless people do right now? How are they even getting informed? [Serious]
How are you doing this week?
What do you consider to be a sexy personality?
What is a fact everyone should know?
Which movie that someone told was the best for them, you watched it and realized wasn’t even descent and why?
Humans of Reddit, what have you done to put a smile on other people's face?
Which TV series are you watching and from where?
What movie plot is most likely to happen in the course of your life?
Adults always talk about what year they seem to be stuck in, teenagers, people who grew up in the 2000’s what year do you seem to be stuck In and why?
Which female celebrity do you wish would finally release a sex tape?
What is the strangest thing you've done because you are so bored lately?
What is a song everyone should hear?
Have you ever witnessed a butterfly effect? And what is it?
Whats the one item or thing you cant have right now because of the health crisis?
What moment in life did you realize “this is definitely karma coming back to bite”?
What is the animal/deity from your culture that represents cunning ?
[Serious] What hobbies/activities would you recommend for this self isolation period?
[Serious] How do you engage in intelligent non-confrontational conversation with someone unwilling to consider opposing political or religious views?
How do you handle people disliking you?
What's something you made to be way to big of a thing?
What does your pet do that is embarrassing?
What is your supernatural experience ?
What are some skills being at home the last few weeks have taught you?
What is the best part of a bagel?
What's the worst advice you've ever been given?
What is the greatest evil; money or politics?
What's a very surprising statistic ?
Someone facing you has a bit of shmutz on their right cheek. What side of your face do you point it out?
Anti-vaxxers of reddit, why are you against vaccination?
Americans, do you all eat waffles as much as tv shows make it seem?
What’s a good resource to help learn something new, instead of listening to music, when working out?
People of reddit, why are people homophobic?
If you were to look at your life right now as a movie how would you see yourself?
What is an everyday thing that you should never skimp on?
Why don't/didn't you ask your crush out?
Who ya gonna call when The Man brings his Hammer down?
What can you afford but don't want?
What was your best/worst impulse buy you’ve ever made?
What is the best experience you've ever had?
What is something you do/like that no one expects you to do/like?
Are you proud of your government right now? Why/why not?
What is something that has always low-key tilted you, but you always held for yourself?
What was the scariest dream that didn't wake you up and kept going?
What are your best hacks for getting karma?
What is the significance of comparing redditors to Brie Larson?
TIGER KING cast. But all characters are politicians. Donald Trump is Joe Exotic. Hillary Clinton is Carole Baskin. Who are the rest of the cast?
What’s your claim to fame?
Let's say you are at Hogwarts and in your final term. Your assignment is to come up with a new and original spell or potion to clear the term. What would you call it and what would it do?
How do you tell if someone is an attention whore?
What milk and cheese substitutes do you think taste most like the real thing?
What led you to believe or not believe in God?
What does everyone mistake for something else?
What's an overrated TV show?
What is something that should be on everyone's bucket list ?
Why does gokus health not go up before fighting vegeta?
What’s your favorite perfume / cologne?
What are things you did as a horny teenager?
Where is the border between what is considered soup or a cocktail?
Have you ever had to improvise on something? What's your story?
What's a life-changing piece of software that more people need to know about?
Who were your idols and where are they now?
How’s your social life?
What do you want the last thing you see be before you die?
Redditors who were bullies in school: what's your story?
Is world war 3 inevitable after what is going on?
How do you all feel about building another pyramid?
What is your dream?
What's the hardest you've ever laughed and at what?
When was the last time you made a decision that everyone around you told you not to make and how did it work out?
What is your favourite quote from a video game?
(wrong answers only) How do you make friends?
What’s the best “coffin dance” cut you’ve seen?
You are sent back to 4000 bc in Egypt with immortality and 3 things of your choice (can be a fictional item, real item, multiple of one kind of item only taking up 1 item slot). What do you bring and what do you do?
What has your current situation made painfully clear?
(wrong answers only) What is your favorite pasttime?
What’s a style that you love on others but would never try on yourself?
What are 3 things that define your character?
What are the lyrics to 2020’s version of ‘We Didn’t Start the Fire’?
What are some great concept albums? What makes them so good?
If you are granted inmortality but not invulnerability, how far into the past you would like to be sent?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of your crush?
(wrong answers only) What do you look for in a future SO?
What is one thing that, as a child, too didn’t know what it was but used it in your own creative way?
(wrong answers only) What is your biggest turn on?
When and why did you last pretend to be something you’re not?
What was the last argument you have won about?
Redditors of Reddit, what is your cheesiest quote?
(wrong answers only) what is your most useful skill?
How often do you smile?
You are able to send a message to yourself 5 years in the future, what do you send?
What would you do if you broke a wastebasket with fun stickers on it?
(wrong answers only) What is your mating call?
People of reddit would you rather slit open your eyes the pull them out Or kill your best friend and his family and why?
How do you get a girlfriend?
What compliments have you received based on your personality?
What is your karma and how long have you used reddit?
To the parents who destroyed their child's device, Why did you do it?
What was a big problem back then but now is only a mild inconvenience?
What is the most powerlessness you’ve ever felt in your life?
Your new show Battle Thots! airs on MTV at 7 Eastern. Who are the first 4 contestants?
What is one thing you would change about youself?
What is your laugh like?
Where is it possible to get a Nintendo Switch at its standard price of 299.99 U.S. dollars?
[SERIOUS] What is the most wholesome thing you saw while you were in prison or jail?
All homes now have a title like English estates. What is the name of your home?
Ex inmates of reddit, what is your craziest prison story and how has it changed you?
Why would you contact an ex after many years?
What facts we HAVE to accept?
What is a good bedtime story?
How come physical reality has no lag?
Do you have a reason for your favourite color? If yes why?
How did you surprise yourself the biggest?
What's something new you've started doing since "this whole thing" started?
What are you most physically attracted to in another person?
What's been the toughest phase/part of your life and how did it get through it?
What is the best way to get a guys attention?
Imagine you're a psychiatrist/therapist that's worked with you for the last 5 years. How would you objectively describe yourself?
What if "faith" was another solution to the Stanford's riddle?
What’s one secret your family doesn’t know about you?
During this troubled times we must look inward and ask ourselves the big questions: people of reddit, what's your favourite dinosaur and why?
Gamers of reddit, whats the story behind your first/most significant experience with videogames?
Mexican here. American Girlfriend just texted "we-should see other people", Does that mean she wants a threesome? why?
What is something ridiculous you believed when you were younger that you found out later than you should have wasn’t true?
What is your favorite episode of SpongeBob?
Atheists if Reddit: Did you watch Veggietales as a kid? Why?
Where would you like to be right now and with whom?
What is your useless talent?
You become God for a day, what do you do?
What was something you did that you know you looked cool doing?
Who is your favorite Digimon?
What is something ridiculous you believed when you were younger that you found out later than you should have wasn’t true?
What’s something that seems dirty but actually isn’t?
Arrr ye salty sea dogs of reddit, what’s the biggest one that got away?
Gamers of Reddit, what game is always scary no matter how many times you’ve played it?
What do most people think is a necessity but is really a huge waste of money?
What's something you can afford, but don't want?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What video game speech/line gives you chills?
People of Reddit, What is the best and worst game?
What are some tips to play better at the original doom?
Confession time. Tell us your deep dark secrets, crazy ex stories, or anything which better not be boring. Let's get the party started?
What was the best sexual experience you ever had and what made it so good?
What's your prom night horror story?
Now that we have a lot of time, what are some great podcasts we can listen to that doesn't have absolut shit audio?
What are some good indian names with meaning that starts with "k"?
What movies would you recommend watching?
What is something you thought you would never do but ended up doing? Do you regret it?
if time and money weren't an issue, what hobby would you take up?
What was popular when you were in high school?
What is now worth studying for employment and what are the pros and cons of learning each of the following languages: Python, JS (And HTML + CSS), Java?
Do farts actually smell worse in the shower?
What is something you wish to try but are too scared to do so?
What fictional stories hint at real world events without explicitly stating so?
What Injuries were the most profound for you?
What is the relationship between injury and pain intensity?
You’re in your house when you find out there’s a Zombie apocalypse, what is your first move and your overall goal? How long do you think you’ll last?
What is the next thing you are going to buy for yourself?
Let's get Reddit laughing today. What's your absolute favorite bit of comedy (could be a scene, sketch, stand up bit, or even one-liner)?
Rich people of Reddit, why do you carry your money in big sacks emblazoned with the dollar sign?
How is everybody’s day going so far?
What are some new activities you’re trying with your free time right now?
What Tv show ending ruined the whole show for you?
People who were recruited by secret agents, what were you recruited for?
If billionaires are like "dragons sitting on piles of hoarded gold", who are the economic versions of dragon slayers?
Wrong answers, who is shrek?
Which one do you think is better written? Zootopia or Beastars? Why?
Writers of Reddit, if you knew a story you were writing would generate an all negative audience or a negative public reaction, would you still follow through and publish the story? Why/why not?
For the kids who will likely miss out on prom and graduation...what are some clever ideas to help them celebrate this year?
[serious] people of reddit who have had suicidal thoughts, what’s your story?
What choice were you forced to make, but turned out great?
What’s something that should never be bought second hand?
What happened to the “Popular Kid” at school, after school?
When you realize that; you are not a boy, you are a Man now?
What are some comforting facts for our anxious people out there?
What’s the most embarrassing thing/moment that’s happened to you as a kid which still makes you cringe to this day?
Have you ever been in a fandom and if so which fandom that you’ve been a part of has been the most impactful?
What’s everyone’s go to video game right now while they’re stuck at home?
If you had 60 seconds to leave your house what would you take?
If you could have any band cover any song; what band and what song?
Which books or other media do you recommend to understand any political ideology?
What job opportunities would an MBBS graduate have in international NGOs?
Who pays at the table if a couple of really rich people have lunch, how do they decide, do they also split like low life people?
Where’s the best places to read manga online?
Which TV dads would you love to see switch families and what would change as a result?
What do you enjoy that most people don’t?
If the Simpsons actually predicted all future events correctly, what is the worst that has yet to come?
What is the best GTA radio station?
What’s the most ridiculous or expensive thing you’ve bought online recently?
What’s your favorite sauce for pastas?
What's the longest time you've gone without eating?
What cockroach spray do you guys use?
What seems like a compliment but is actually an insult?
What are some new, lesser known fucked up internet stories?
People with overprotective parents who lost their virginity In high-school without getting caught, how did you do it?
[serious] what is a dream that you have had that actually happened in the future?
What’s something everyone can do, but not everyone should do it?
What are some great one time superhero duos from comics that you've always wanted to see but have never been done before?
What happened with the “Popular Kid” on school?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen?
What's the best way to deal with a bully?
Temp-Mail made users welcome, What do you know about scamming a big business or a corporation?
What is your view of the sexual assault allegations against Joe Biden and why it isnt being mentioned on most traditional media outlets?
What is one life skill you wish you knew the secret to, to have it in your life?
What’s your dream job?
Can an atheist still fear hell? Why, or why not?
[serious] what medical condition you have that people think are fake when you tell them?
Assuming that you brush your teeth...how late in the day do you brush now that you're working from home?
What makes a celebrity "the internet's boyfriend"?
What would it take for you to have a great day today?
If there was an apocalypse on Earth, which individuals that you know of would you want to team up with?
People who defend the CCP here on Reddit, why?
When should one season meat?
What is the best food for all-you-can-eat?
What is your signature ‘look’?
To all you high school seniors atm, how y’all dealing..?
[Serious]What has been/will be your breaking point to leave your homes?
What are the worst protagonists/antagonists in existence?
What’s the funniest thing that has ever happened to you?
What are the most hilarious "instant karma" moments you have ever experienced?
What movie/series character died which brough a tear to your eye?
What’s a meme an older person (70+) with limited pop culture knowledge could understand?
How does one live free? With no need for money. Just living off the land? How does one start that process?
Why is your best friend your best friend?
What, in your opinion, is the scariest book/movie/video game you've ever encountered?
Which high school stereotype do you best fit into?
[Serious] Redditors whose mental health has improved over the past 3 weeks, what's your story?
What is Krabby Patty's Secret Formula?
What music from the old days deserves more people listening to it in 2020?
What should you avoid at all costs?
People from outside the U.S., what’s the Florida of your country?
What was a prank you witnessed that went too far?
What is the song stuck in your head right now ?
What is the stupidest thing someone has done on the first day of their job?
What are some interesting coffee table books?
Fine people of Reddit, how are you doing today?
Americans of reddit, what is it going to take for you to revolt and demand free healthcare?
What else can you think LMAO means?
What was more important in the development of the human species: intelligence or consciousness?
What long video games are perfect to get through self isolation?
What’s the first time you realised you were a bit drunk?
What are you meant to do if you see a 14 year old boy vacuum seal a 1 gallon milk jug full of tap water and ice with his mouth, and start drinking it from a 90 degree angle without lift the jug from the mahogany table, all the while playing minecraft on a Chromebook?
Because the world is currently in the toilet, what’s something good you’ve done for someone else recently?
Women on Reddit, why do women wear make-up?
What are you planning on getting done this Weekend but probably won't?
[Serious] What is a good alternative to Reddit?
Redditors who have lucid dreamt. What happened and what was it like ?
(Wrong answers only) How do you achveive reddit fame?
what is one thing you hated at first then liked?
Why do you trust the government?
How did you get over over your big crush?
Do you think people with famous parents gravitate towards fans of their parents or people who have no idea who they are?
What’s worse? An INCEL or a SIMP?
(Wrong answers only) What are you doing tonight?
The walking dead has gotten repetitive by the end of season 3. Does it gets better ? What are your thoughts ?
What is your favorite personal/family tradition?
[Serious] What do insanely wealthy people (celebs) have access to that us normal folks don't know exist?
What , aside from anything physical, do you think are the biggest disparities been men and women?
How to get over jealousy?
Previously sedentary redditors, how did you make exercise more enjoyable for yourself?
Adults of reddit , when's the last time you felt happy ?
What are some free resources that can be used to build a portfolio to enter the computer programming field?
How did chickens evolve from dinosaurs is the asteroid killed the dinosaurs?
Adults of Reddit, what are some things about past decades that the new generation doesn't know about?
What is the goal of humanity?
People who have engaged in bestiality, why did you do it and did anyone find out?
What's your equivalent "you've yeed your last haw" moment?
What habit should each person have?
What are the top 3 things on your bucket list?
What is a song that sounds most like you?
[Serious] People who have said “I hope we never see each other again” - why and to who?
What to do when your girlfriend is on a mood swings?
What was a time you thought you met a nice guy but you actually met a *niceguy*?
People with birthdays in April, how are you celebrating?
How do you prepare your spam?
Why don’t eye like to receive compliments?
Why haven't you sent Jared Kushner a dick pic yet?
People who are in a relationship, what do you want to tell your partner but you can't?
people around the world, what the scary tale of folklore in your contrary or urban legend?
What are the annoying habits of your wife, husband, boyfriend or girlfriend?
Biologists of Reddit, based on the pattern of human evolution, can we predict what would be some significant changes in our appearance going forward?
What is a good pressure sensitivity on a digital drawing pad to make good quality comics?
What are some things your average poor-ish college student can do to support hong kong?
People of reddit if a pizzeria near you had a rule that said if your pizza isn’t delivered in 30 minutes you get your pizza free how would you make the delivery guy late?
What’s the most appropriate stripper name for the shitshow that is 2020?
[serious] what is the scariest thing you’ve gone through?
[Serious] What are some unforeseen consequences in the next year or two?
What is the best subreddit?
What is a game everyone loves but you hate?
What is a reason that you leave people on read?
People in cold countries: what happens when you pee outdoors in freezing climates (like -35C)?
What’s something you want and CAN afford, but are holding off on buying and why?
Which actress is more beautiful than Jennifer Connelly of the 1990s?
Men of reddit, when did you send a 'dick pic' to the wrong person? What happened?
If there was no war, what would people and countries use to influence each other - and who would be the new world super power?
What Reddit post you want to see again but can’t find?
How do people oversell their underdog story?
If you could live in any capital in the world, which would you choose and why?
lawyers of reddit - have you ever "broken" anyone on the stand? what happened?
Can someone explain why, with Captain America’s artificially induced exponentially high cell growth rate, he didn’t eventually just die of cancer after a cell divided abnormally then continued to divide uncontrollably at his higher rate?
what conspiracy theories do you believe in??
If we go to a better place when we die, then what is the point of living on this cruel world? [Serious]
If you were 18 with $100,000 what would you do with it? Theoretically, what would you tell your younger self to do with that kind of money?
Married people of reddit: did someone in the audience not hold their peace and object before the deal was sealed? Why did they do it? How did it go?
What is legal in your country but illegal pretty much everywhere else?
When is milk too spoiled for you?
You wake up and realize you're a bionic human, What is the first way you show it off?
Which in your opinion, is the most important event in history?
What is the worst you have ever done to a person and you never had any regret afterwards?
Gamers of reddit, what's the saddest moment you experienced in game?
[Serious]Why is greed not a clinical diagnosis yet? Most other out of balance desires are recognized as a problem and come with recognized issues (addiction, obesity etc) - why not greed?
What food do you hate with a passion that everyone else loves?
If you were in the cars movie what car brand would you be?
What weird dreams have you had lately?
[serious] when have you wrongly assumed someone was hitting on you?
For those that grew up listening to it, what was your favorite early 2000's country song?
Redditors who have already decided who your voting for (both sides). What is the point of watching the news and getting angry all the time?
What kind of tease makes you crazy?
In the Lord of the Rings movie, the character Sméagol turns into the corrupted Gollum. If you were corrupted by a magical force, what would your alternative side be named, and what quirks would it have?
What’s the one food you can eat everyday without getting sick of it?
What is your favorite part of your appearance?
What's the best way to spend $50 learning something online?
What good news did you have lately?
Redditors, what are the top 3 things one should do if apocalypse had to be coming?
Did anyone watch the Crave show New Eden?
Fellow Reddit users who are stuck inside .. are you still getting ready for your days per usual? i.e. showering regularly, shaving, doing your makeup, (if you typically wear it under normal circumstances) dressing up.. making yourself look presentable as if you were going out in public?
Gaming redditors, what intro to a game hit the closest to home? [Serious]
Which superpower do you wish you have now?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done ass a kid?
Those that are 6’3”+, how has being very tall affected how people treat you and how you view yourself?
If you could bring back one famous person who has passed away, who would it be?
how would you like to change your hairstyle right now?
Theists/ religious people, what is the first thought that comes to your mind when an atheist person tells you that the stories you heard in childhood were fake?
What’s the funnest, most interesting job that most people don’t think about?
[Serious] People who found a briefcase with money, how was it?
What are some examples of programmers setting up profitable black markets on the dark web (besides Ross Ulbricht and the Silk Road)?
People who have told someone their deepest/darkest secret, was it worth it? (Serious)
What is the most disasterous purchase you've ever made?
Advice for someone who’s feeling very ugly and fat right now?
For those that have been in solitary, as a former CO, how did you get your drugs (fishing)?
What movie had an ending/plot twist that was really shocking?
What proverb perfectly describes your life?
Most people's parents would always tell their kids little sayings. You probably didn't think much of it then. Reddit, when is a time that one of those sayings actually helped you?
What did you want to throw away in the past that turned out to be useful in the current situation?
Why do political parties exist? Wouldn't it make more sense and be less devisive if people ran as individuals?
What was the biggest relationship faux pas you have witnessed?
Why do you think you never see squirrels pooping?
What is the worst thing you overheard from a pocketdial?
Have you ever ghosted a friend? What made you do so?
What is the most annoying thing to hear?
favorite football(soccer) team &amp; why?
Console players what do you prefer Xbox 1, PS4, or Nintendo Switch?
What are some conspiracy theories that involve the CIA?
People who panic bought a bunch of toilet paper and other stuff, what was your reasoning?
What chatrooms in 2020 come the closet to what yahoo, msn etc were back in their prime?
When was a time that you received karma after doing a bad deed or making fun of another person for their misfortune?
How would your fate change if we were to always do the opposite of what we know we should do?
Whats the worst pick up like you've ever heard ?
In the major motion picture, Shrek, our protagonist, Shrek, is able to pull a earwax candle out of his ear on demand. If you had the ability to pull a seemingly everyday item out of your orifices, which would you choose?
People who were part of a test audience for a movie; what movie did you get to watch, and what were some of the alternate scenes/endings in that movie?
What movie(s) made you go "meh, could've done this of that to abuse the system and break the plot" ?
If you had to be transformed into an object of your choice for a month, which object would that be and why?
Musicians of reddit, why did you choose your instrument?
(Americans) Seriously what can we do to combat all the corruption and constant lies in government?
How to kill someone?
How do you keep your glasses from fogging over when wearing a face mask?
Who do you hate more and why? Grandpa Joe or Carole Baskin?
What are some things that are actually illegal but most people think are legal?
What is the "back in my day, we had to..." story you suspect you will tell your grandchildren to shock them?
Since everyone’s been reminiscing over travelling, what’s your best travel experience on a domestic/international airline?
What's something your parents always had in the house growing up that you didn't keep when you got your own home until you realized why your parents wanted it?
What's something that will always make you laugh, no matter how many times you encounter it?
What's something that can make you immediately change your mind when dating someone?
Why do political parties exist? Wouldn't it make more sense and be less devisive if they didn't exist?
Roll call: Where are you from and what's going on in your country/state/city right now?
Australians of reddit, how do you deal with arachnophobia?
What is something you always wanted to do, but never got the chance?
How can you test the long-term effects of drugs on humans without potentially a lot of humans in harm?
What’s been keeping you busy while staying home?
Native language speakers, what is the thing your language does that foreign learners can't for the life of them ever seem to comprehend or do correctly?
When did Europe go from worshiping Italy to looking down upon it?
Do you prefer old, or new reddit? Why?
What have you learned in the past month?
Has anybody tried to convince you to join a cult..what happened ?
People who eat crunchy peanut butter, why?
Do people with Claustrophobia get Claustrophobic in the shower?
What’s one thing you would do to make the world a better place?
If your life had a porn title, what would it be?
What's the worst series ending you've seen?
What would you do if you swapped with your medieval ancestor?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit , How were other inmates treated as per the crime which landed them in prison ?
Redditors from USA, why are you not demanding all the documents to be released from JFK assassination?
What's the female alternative to "beating your meat"? Or a polite euphemism atleast?
John Travolta comes to you in the night and reveals his power. He tells you that you must choose a race to genocide, and until you pick, he will possess you and force you to skin infants alive. What do you do?
Who is the most underrated actor in your opinion?
Musically, what is something/someone people adore and you can't understand?
What is something you wish was different about your country?
What is an example of a video documenting an extraordinary event that we know exists, but was either destroyed or unavailable to the public?
If life was a movie, who would be in the credits?
[SERIOUS] What moment in your life you wished never ended?
What is the one thing of value you will tell the Alien Overlords about yourself that will make them spare your life during their conquest of Earth?
People of Reddit, what is the most creepiest urban legend in your country?
What is something you cannot live without?
Night-Owls of Reddit, what are some of the creepiest/weirdest things you have seen whilst staying up?
What movie sequels completely killed a franchise?
What is one regret you have?
Paramedics of Reddit, what’s the craziest thing you have seen?
[Serious]So far, what is the crime of the century?
Americans, Mexicans, and Canadians of Reddit: How would you feel about a North American Union (like the EU) connecting our three countries?
Americans, Mexicans, and Canadians of Reddit: How would you feel about a North American Union (like the EU) connecting our three countries?
You wake up as a boy/girl what do you do?
Americans, Mexicans, and Canadians of Reddit: How would you feel about a North American Union (like the EU) connecting our three countries?
Have you ever cried when a celebrity died? Who was it?
What was your favorite April Fools prank you saw this year?
What job would you NEVER take even if it would make you a millionaire?
People with physical/mental disabilities, what is a common misconception about your disability that drives you nuts?
What's your country's equivalent to Gary, Indiana?
[SERIOUS] What are some hypothetical ways we can improve online privacy (those not already in place)?
What are you wearing right now?
How has meme culture influenced your country’s lexicon?
What is something every highschooler should know before heading to college, or living on their own?
What are clear signs that someone is manipulating you?
People who engaged in beastiality, why did you do it and did anyone find out?
How come that companies have the possibility to buy another one and just stop making certain product that the bought company made?
what do you say after a kiss and sex?
Men of Reddit, what are some successful and effective techniques that women have used on you when asking you if you'd like a blowjob or casual sex?
What type of small business challenges can AI Artificial Intelligence help solve now?
To those who witnessed a crime but purposely chose not to report it, what was it and why?
Is it possible to obtain the coordinates of where a person is based on their shadow on a photo with time and date on it, and assuming you also know their height? If yes, how?
What's the *worst* you've ever seen someone screw up a really basic recipe in cooking?
What makes a great first impression?
What are some of the more uplifting subreddits?
Waxers or shavers of Reddit, what are some downsides of having hairless junk? [nsfw]
how do Americans feel being fked by the right and left (media and politicians) while people are dieing like hailstorm?
What's your favourite challenge you've beaten in your life?
What is the dumbest way you have injured yourself?
Celebrities of AskReddit, what is something you or another celebrity has done that would shock or amuse the public?
You are killed by the cartoon character from your childhood that you hate the most. Who are they and how did they kill you?
What film claiming to be 'based on historical/true events' is actually complete nonsense?
You are ghost now. Ghost boss will offer you super dank spirit weed from the ethereal plane, but to be ghost high severely reduces your spookiness and to rise on the corporate ghost ladder requires demonstrating a history of success with haunting. What do you choose?
If you could be you as a fly on the wall at your funeral what would you want to see?
How do you get a good deal on a car?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five ?
Dear Redditors, what is a good and inexpensive hobby to take up?
Is it possible to obtain the coordinates of where a person is based on the shadow of their photo and the timestamp of the time and date on it, and also assuming you know their height?
Which markets are going to have the biggest sales when this is all over?
YouTuber on Reddit, what made you want to be YouTuber ?
You have the ability to go back in time to any major tragedy in human history to try and stop it. What tragedy do you pick and how do you accomplish your mission?
Children of actors or high profile people, how has their prominence impacted your life?
[serious] What is your dream job?
If you had to send a blind date a YouTube video (under 2min) that would best describe your sense of humor, which video would you send them?
Is there a time in your life where being lazy saved your life?
What were the most popular internet comments you've read that you felt didn't deserve the attention, what did they say and why did you feel that way?
Redditors struggling with depression/suicidal thoughts/existential crises, what has kept you going?
Who is a lesser known historical figure that you feel everyone should know about?
Sailors of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've seen on the sea?
What do you WANT to like, but just can't bring yourself around to actually liking it?
Divorced people, what was the last straw in your relationship?
What part of your house are you visiting this weekend?
What’s the most expensive mistake you’ve made?
If you were to kill one of your favorite video game characters, which one would it be?
People with anxiety, what it is like?
What's the one memory with your friends that you will cherish forever?
How do snails mate?
Active smokers. What's stoping you from quitting?
Any redditor who has met a Beatle, how and what happened?
[Serious] sex woekers of reddit, does your phone ring a lot? Here in Turkey we a saying "my phone is ringing like a prostitute's". We say it when the phone rings non-stop. Is the saying true? Does your phones really ring a lot?
Single people of reddit, how will the wild, wonderful, world of dating change for you during these times?
Those of you working for Instacart, UberEats, and Door Dash (ty!) right now, what are your stories?
Whose knows about shahid afridi?
What is your experience of having a huge crush on your colleague and fear that it might affect your professional life if you confess it and she rejects it?
If you were to kill one of your facorite characters, which one would it be?
cops/people in law of reddit what was the time you felt bad for the suspect?
How do you feel about spending 100% of whatever is left of your first year’s salary after paying all essential bills ?
what's the darkest and most evil quotes you ever heard?
Which commonly used words or phrases drive you up the wall when mispronounced or misspelled?
What is a word or phrase you used to say ironically but is now part of your vocabulary?
What song do you like the cover of better than the original?
*pick a foreign country* What is the equivalent cognate to “Yeet” in that language?
What is the first thing you are going to spend your money on when qwarinteene gets lifted?
Italians, Is Money Useless in this Pandemic??
What are some legitimate reasons (not just because it would hurt one political party) to oppose nationwide mail in voting?
Any redditor who has met a Beatle, who did you meet; share your experience
How would you teach a topic that someone isn't interested in?
If you had the power to propose an amendment to the US constitution, what would it be and how would it impact day-to-day life for citizens? [Serious]
Adding the word therapy to massage is a good example of subtle, effective marketing. What are some other examples of this?
If you’re on call with your girlfriend and one of her relatives walk in what would you normally do or say ?
Police officers on Reddit, if the swat team wears body cams and a hot neighbor gets SWATED while she’s taking a shower, would the body cam footage be on public record?
How do you deal with the fear of disappointing people?
People of reddit, What was the angriest you've ever been in your whole life for? And why?
What happened that one time your anger DIDN'T keep you from having a snappy comeback?
What experience have you had with someone that made you say how have you made it this far without dying?
Reddit people, what do you think about Italy?
What's a dream that made you say "What the fuck will I come up next?"
Americans, what can we do to heal our nation and its people?
What is the first thing your going to do when quarenteen gets lifted?
To those not following the self quarantine advice and are still leaving their homes, why are youv
People of reddit, What was the weirdest thing to ever happen to you at a restaurant?
What’s that song that comes on in old cartoons when a president has entered?
How horny are you in this apocalyptic moment?
If you have second chance to reborn as different person, who would you choose ?
What's the best "loophole" that you've ever found?
If you could choose any game to experience all over again as if you never played, which would you choose?
What song should we send the aliens when they ask for Earth national anthem?
People of Reddit, what were your strangest Uber/taxi service rides yet?
What do you think life would be like if it wasn’t cellphones,liquor, cigarettes?
How were things different for you in 2019?
How horny are you in that apocalyptic moment?
How do you think the world would react if the internet suddenly ceased to exist?
How do you think the world would react if the internet suddenly ceased to exist?
Homosexual people of reddit, did you ever have sex with someone of the opposite gender? If so what was the experience like?
your whole life was nothing but a dream you had while you were in a coma. Now that you have found out what will be the first thing you will do?
What is the most dangerous situation you’ve put yourself in?
Whats your innocent guilty pleasure?
If you have a cute and attractive cat, and suddenly in the morning you did not find it In your home, What to take action?
What is the closest thing you have to an addiction?
How long did your worst heartbreak last? And what helped you move on?
What's the cutest thing you saw at the Disney Parks?
People of reddit, Who have made it on the hot list of Askreddit, or any page, what was it like?
Who is your favorite recurring character in a TV show?
What is a girl’s sexuality if she masturbates to james charles?
Postal Workers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing that you found while handling packages?
What’s the best story you have been told by a much older person?
How was your wedding day?
Former prisoners of reddit, what was the most creative device you saw someone make in prison?
What are girls that masturbate to James Charles?
What is a really dark way to summarize a cartoon?
What if fire had an opinion? What would it burn and what would it leave alone?
If somebody is wrong about something and you want to give them the correct information, what is a better way to phrase it than "actually"...?
What's something you learned in the hardest way?
To The officers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you’ve seen on the job?
What fight scene in a movie would be the most hilarious if there was no fighting music and just the audio of them fighting?
What is your greatest financial success?
What are some fun family activities that can be done over Skype?
(JOKES ALLOWED)Do you prefer too stand up when you wipe your bum or sit down and why?
What is your best ‘work smart not hard’ story?
What’s the best way to wipe an X out of your memory ?
(Serious) Literally or figuratively, what is the nastiest thing you and your partner did while having sex?
Americans of Reddit, do you think Trump will get elected for a second term, if so then why, if not then why?
What is something a person absolutely should know or be aware of before trying (insert drug here)?
If you could go forward in time one day and come back to right now, what would you do to make the most amount of money as possible?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what are 3 things you'd like buried or cremated with you?
Reddit, how would you tldr your favourite anime?
How was early childhood education conducted at home before the internet?
[Serious] Those of you who have killed someone, what was it like and what is your life like now?
Poor, but lucky and much friends, or very rich, But you can't get lucky, that means you are always unlucky, and only habe fake friends, who only wants your Money, and no real friends?
How do you stay so optimistic?
What is your favorite song from a video game?
What are the limitations of creating a digital body using direct democracy to hold a constitutional convention while everyone in the US is stuck at home?
What is the nastiest thing that happened to you while you were undressed?
Do you turn the shower on and wait outside for it to warm up or do you get in and immediately turn the water on?
[Serious] For people who hate their lives, why?
What are some of the craziest stories from your childhood?
This just randomly came to mind but, why do we all have a bump on the bottom-left of our chin?
If people had eyes on their taint/gooch, how would we see the world differently?
Hey Reddit, have you or someone you know ever been stopped by the police with COPS filiming? Whats your story?
What was the most a little planning did for you?
Former homophobes of Reddit, why were you homophobic and what made you change your mind? [Serious]
Those with significant physical deformities, how has the deformity affected your social/love life and General outlook on life?
What is a new hobby that you have started?
What were you teen years, 20s and 30s like? What are some of the changes throughout? What you wanted then vs what you want now?
When will a disaster happen this month and what will it be?
What's a mildly embarrassing story you have that doesn't seem worthy of mentioning, but still makes you cringe?
People who were forced to take gender studies in college, did you actually learn anything?
What's a hobby or interest you have that is out of character for you?
What's on Your Sex Playlist?
Can anyone find the original article from when Larry David’s mom wrote to the NY Post asking for help about her son’s lack of future prospects?
What's your "Uh shit I'm about to get arrested, better call somebody" story?
What extreme things have you done due to boredom? Do you regret it?
Why are people dumb enough to delay doing anything for months in some failed attempt to keep things normal instead of just buckling down as soon as possible to keep it short?
What are some events of your life that made you question if you were being watched?
For any person that went through with the scam giveaways and prizes on the internet, how did it go?
What are some near death situations you have experienced without you knowing it is happening until it was over?
What's your "Uh shit I better call some body cuz I'm about to get arrested" story?
What was the most ridiculous cover-up story you’ve heard? Did it work?
How true is the statement: "If you know you're going to get addicted to something if you start, you probably shouldn't start?"
What is your favourite T.V show quote of all time?
Whats your worst encounter with a wild Karen?
As a kid, what was one of your fears that has proven to be completely irrational?
What is one thing everyone should try at least once in their lifetime?
What's the stupidest thing you got angry over ? And how did you react?
What are the best hobbies for self improvement?
non-english speaking people. What was a weird movie title translation in your country?
What’s your income and how happy are you? If you made more would you be happier?
What do you think about spending 100% of your first year of salary on buying some things that are not essential but you have just always wanted them ?
DND players of reddit, what is your favorite race to play as?
How true is this statement: "If you know your going to get something if you start, you proably shouldn't start"?
If you could rule your own country, what laws would you put into place?
If you could go back to being any age, how old would you want to be again and why?
What y'all do to get rid of someone you casually flirted with and now they develop some serious feelings for you?
If the anime Death Note was real and the note actually exists, whose name would you write in the death note and why?
What are some of your shower-thoughts?
What are some weird sex-related Reddit subs?
If you were going to be one a serial killer what would be your M.O.?
What has been the lowest point in your life?
What old habit/behavior have you left behind after being stuck in your house? What new habit/behavior do you have?
What did your crush say when they rejected you?
Every-day, non-business folks of Reddit — is there anything that confuses you or eludes you about the Federal Reserve System, why it exists, how, what it’s allowed to do and what it’s currently doing? What, if any, are questions you’d ask to be answered in a video or series of videos?
Now that I've had COVID19, what can I do to help?
What are some animes like highschool dxd?
What are some creative ways and ideas to maintain a relationship with someone you love but barely see?
If you could only have the same dish for the rest of your life, which one would it be?
What was the best day/moment of your life?
Ruin a family gathering/dinner in 5-10 words
People who bought loads of toilet paper, why ?
What is it like for you at home right now?
What are some ways teens in high school can make a lot of money very quickly?
(Serious) what’s the worst thing your neighbour did to you?
What’s the most frustrating TV show to watch?
High school teachers of reddit, what gossip has been so interesting that you wanted to keep up with it, instead of ignoring?
Who were some of the best/worst teachers you've had, and why?
[Serious] People who've experienced a variety of drug withdrawals, which would you say is the worst in your experience?
Since everyone else is baking as a hobby these days, what are professional bakers doing?
Smaller Youtubers, What was Your Experience with The Tyler Winter Bots?
Many Redditors are posting their pets as coworkers. What are their job duties? Job title? What do they get paid and how will they do on their next performance review?
what would you name the next Fast and Furious movie?
What is a story that sounds 100% made up but you know that it's 100% true?
What is the most fun cosplay you've ever done?
When all else failed, what did you do?
What are some skills or hobbies you can learn from home, that everyone should know how to do?
What would happen if Trump gets re-elected as US president?
How much have you pissed in one day?
What's the biggest anime moment you've ever had in your life?
What's your favorite subreddit?
If your girl just sent you a photo, what’s the best compliment/ reply you can give ?
People who have dated the siblings of friends, how did it go?
If your girl just sent you a photo, what’s the best compliment/ reply you can give ?
[Serious] Is drug dealing a victimless crime? Why/why not?
What are you watching right now?
What are abandoned places in cities where it can be common for nobody to visit in weeks?
Freerunners and stunt doubles of Reddit, what was the worst injury you received while running/doing stunts?
What was your favorite non-animated TV show you liked to watch as a kid?
What would you do, if you ein 10 milion?
What is a "Mind trick" you know of?
Hey hive-minded echochamber, what’s with the hypocritical mindset of thinking violence isn’t the answer to anything yet criminals beaing beaten violently is “justice served”?
There is a reality show which you like but 2 or 3 episodes in You are told who the winner is,Would you still watch that show?
What fantasy creature would be the best to hunt for sport?
Anyone with a typing speed higher than 30WPM, how did you get proficient?
What surprised you the most?
To the guitar players, what is one thing that helped you break out of a learning rut?
What are your plans for the day?
Why you are/were so excited to be 18?
What are the most creative ways you used to cheat on tests ?
What is one song that holds a lot of memories for you and why?
If you could live forever without ageing, at what age would you activate it?
If you had to be reincarnated as an animal but retained your human memories, what animal would you want to be?
How would religion react if aliens were discovered or if they appeared ?
Former prisoners what are the unwritten rules of prison?
If you could have a Minecraft item in real life, what would it be?
What is your best "accidental nudity" experience?
When is it acceptable to ask the question that's already been asked?
What's a useless fact that you know?
If you knew the internet was about to be shut down for a year, what would you search for in order to prepare?
How can one become more kind?
What is your biggest guilty pleasure song?
Those of you working for Instacart, UberEats, and Door Dash right now, what are your stories?
Doctors of reddit, whats the number one home remedy for dealing with phlegm? Is attempting to vacuum it out from your throat a viable option?
What's that one mind boggling coincidence that happened with you That's even stranger than fiction?
At what age do I become a dirty old man?
What are your top 3 must see movies? Movie recommendations?
what would you name the next Fast and Furious movie?
What is your weirdest experience on Tinder?
What is something that you do, that your weren't aware of until someone pointed it out to you?
What is everyone having for dinner?
Serious: What would you think of a Gates 2020 in US election?
If a sentient trash can rung your doorbell and looked awfully concerned, what would you think is the problem?
[NSFW] You're about to leave for a prostate exam. What do you shove up your ass to surprise, shock, etc, the doctor?
Over the last 2 weeks are you paying more or less attention to personal grooming? In other words, how's the junk looking?
What well known comedian is extremely un-funny but still hilarious?
What’s the biggest problem you’re experiencing currently?
If you had one power to slightly convinenice your life, what power would you have?
What is something you did wrong in a previous relationship that you realized once it had ended?
What is ADB Sideload?
What would you do if you found a (legit) death note?
What’s the biggest lie that you told as a kid?
For those who suffer from FOMO, has your FOMO intensified/decreased recently? And why?
What is the weirdest historical story you know?
What’s your favorite weird pizza topping combination?
ER nurses, what was that patient that came in and actually stunned you?
what are some conspiracy theories with a chance of being true?
Where’s the worst place to fart?
In what ways AskReddit is better than Google Search?
Who are you and what is your value if life?What is your purpose in life? What is your destiny when you are done here?
What is your favorite (dumb) quote from Donald Trump?
what was your last google search?
What actually is Reddit?
What is your favorite handbag brand?
People of Reddit, how did someone save your life?
For those who suffer from FOMO, has your FOMO intensified/decreased during quarantine? And why?
What is the most horrific thing you came across on Reddit?
What is a good beginner video RPG for an adult with no gaming experience and a MacBook?
What’s your favorite askreddit question?
Do you think you're a good person? Why or why not?
What's your most embarrassing fart story?
What can you afford but don't want to spend on?
To those of you who have/had coronavirus, how do you think you were exposed?
If there was a chance to retire at 20 years old without being able to work again how much money would you need to be set for life?
What was your worst presentation (of anything) ever?
What is your favourite unsolved mystery?
Why is twerking frowned upon when black women do it?
What is your strangest public bathroom interaction?
How can one become a better person?
Which place/ country do you wanna visit before you die?
What was the worst subreddit you have come across?
How do you get something off your mind?
What's the best film you've ever watched?
What would happen if a guy farted everytime he Got a handjob?
What phrase or quote can you not hear enough?
Who would’ve won the 2020 NBA championships if the season wasn’t cancelled?
The year is 2025, what major societal changes has coronavirus prompted?
What would be other lgbtqia+ versions of ‘be gay do crimes’?
What if the quarranteen is a "matrix" downtime for patches?
What phone do you have, and what influenced you to buy it?
You’ve become all powerful via a wish on a star. What are you doing First?
If your username was a restaurant, what would be today's special?
What was your “dream job timeline” from as a young child to now? Would your six-year old self approve of your current career and/or lifestyle?
How is the sky like right now?
Do you silently judge people and if so what is the weirdest/worst thing you’ve judged a friend about?
Why do rated M games not allow profanity?
How are you right now?
How can print an unbelonging book?
What are some fun ways for adults to socialize online via video/voice, other than traditional video games?
If you could develop your own superpower,what would it do and how would it be useful?
What inspired or made you to choose the profession you currently are in?
How do you deal with Cabin Fever?
What’s your Starbucks or Dunkin’ order?
Hey guys, what's a risk you took on your first date that actually paid off?
[serious] What was the most lewd thing to happen to you in a game of truth or dare?
What’s your best dad joke?
What would be other lgbtqia+ versions of ‘be gay do crimes?’
how can i manipulate a girl ?
What’s your most unique/funny “time to take a crap!” but weren’t conveniently located near a toilet, story?
If you won a billion dollars overnight, what would you do with the money you received?
What's the most immoral corporate replies and actions have you seen that is still somehow polite?
Old people of Reddit. What is something you still look forward to?
How has kindergarten changed since you were a kid? Which parts of your kindergarten experience would you miss the most/could go without?
Who is someone who did something amazing but doesn’t get enough credit?
How can I print an unbelonging book online?
What is some useless fact you learned during quarantine?
Redditors of reddit, can you forgive a guy who talked a lot on medication just battling ptsd and memories, but he is working hard to change?
Aliens of reddit, what's life like outside of Earth?
Since Isopropyl alcohol which is 91% alcohol is almost impossible to find right now with all this happening, would Bacardi 151° which is 75.5% alcohol be good to disinfect stuff?
What are some foods you're surprise to find out is actually more American than apple pie?
what are the benefits of eating a mandarine?
What was that toy you always wanted as a kid but never got?
What unusual feature is a must in your dream house?
Redditors, what do you think when you see a post with a lot of tokens of appreciation?
Is there any way to print an unbelonging book online?
What is something that you swear happened but you have no proof and nobody believes you?
What was the best plot twist ever?
What have you Pavloved yourself into doing on a daily basis?
What is it you "keep count" of that you know you shouldn't?
What is uniquely hilarious to you?
Doctors of Reddit, what inspired you guys to go to med school and become doctors?
What video games do you proudly play “wrongly”?
How profitable is a juice bar if created inside a gym?
People who got out of abusive relationships how did you cope and feel normal again?
Why does western countries uses toilet paper instead of water showers ?
Do you have a childhood toy, or game you have attachment to, if so what is it and why?
Everyone, what is the thing you like least about reddit?
What is your country is doing well / poorly while handling the international Covid-19 pandemic compared to other countries? [Serious]
What would happen if we send a humanoid robot to a haunted place? can ghosts be fooled if they exist? Can we prove/disprove their existence in this way?
What will happen to the United States economy if the federal government keeps printing money?
So that meme with the large gentleman on the bed... Where can Ione fnd more of those hysterical pics?
Favorite game genre?
What have you thought about while dialing your Unemployment Office hundreds of times per day?
How many of you have been broken up with, without getting a good-enough explanation to get closure?
How do you convince someone you're not trolling?
Janitors of Reddit, what's the worst thing you cleaned?
What is the worst advice you have ever received?
What song(s) do you have an emotional connection to and why?
People who went from fat to muscular, what was harder, losing weight or gaining muscle?
what show had the perfect ending?
Redditors currently serving house arrest sentences or that have been released early. How are things going?
[serious] what’s the first thing you’ll do when the quarantine is lifted?
[serious] Redditors who do online schooling or have had to transfer to them given the circumstances, what is the day like for you/what are some LPTs?
Movie with teen who has psycologist parents?
[Serious] People with illegal businesses, how has COVID-19 affected you?
When everyday is seemingly the same, what separates the weekend from the weekday? What's different for you?
What is one thing you want to do/one place you want to go before you die?
How do y’all deal with awkward silences?
What is your drunk go-to song?
Redditors how do u know that this is the person you are going to spend the rest of your life with?
What's your favorite story/myth/legend?
Why is reddit such a bitch?
What do you think about the possibility of the government enforcing medical conscription?
What is your go-to drunk song?
Redditors who almost cheated on their SO, what's your story?
What can be done to decrease White supremacist Terrorism in the USA?
To crack a smile in times of woe, what is the one specific podcast episode that you relisten to?
If everyone was immortal, what effect would this have on society, how would it change?
What is the oldest thing you have and still use today?
Men of Reddit, what is a song you secretly enjoy that you would probably get made fun of for listening to?
Reddit: Times are hard and things are scary. What is something (movie/book/video/website) that you would recommend to someone to make them smile/laugh?
Using only brand names, what is something you regret using in your life?
People who hot out of abusive relationships, how did you return to feeling normal again?
What’s your most unique/funny “I have to take a crap” but you weren’t conveniently located by a toilet, story?
What are some useless talents you have?
A baby is learning how to walk. What do you say to him?
[serious]People with marriages that last more than 10 years, what is the worst marital crisis that you have gone through?
What is the weirdest thing that you have ever seen with your own eyes?
What was the happiest day in your life?
If you had $1,000 right now. How would you spent the money to generate a profit?
Europeans, what are your favorite American snacks you can’t get in Europe?
How would the world look today if Germany had succeeded in WW2?
Ok, Reddit. It is lunchtime here and bellies are rumbling. What is your perfect sandwich?
People of reddit who sleep under the same duvet as their partner, how/why do you do it?
What are the reasons for the individual that is reading this post right now not having a girlfriend...?
Hentai voice actors, what were some lines, in a hentai, that made you want to think about your life choices?
What are the advantages of a small penis?
What is the appropriate pronoun for referring to non-gender person politely (e.g. sir, madam)?
What’s the best way to tell someone their baby is ugly?
What do you do when you start to hate what you're doing in a job or hobby?
What secret do you have that you can never share because it involves someone who has passed away?
[Serious] What items should small apartment dwellers be trying to get/ have a good supply of due to Covid-19 not ending any time soon?
You can summon the ghost of any long-dead historical figure and reveal to them their legacy in 2020. Who do you choose?
What is something that you did or almost did that still jolts you awake at the thought of it?
If you could go 10 years into the future, what would you tell your future self?
What would be the answer for: "Guys literally only want one thing and it's fucking disgusting"?
What do you trust more than your government?
What did you get your father for fathers day?
What’s the stupidest question you’ve ever heard someone ask?
Has anyone found any fun new ways for adults to socialize online via video/voice, other than video games? For example, an online board game but with a video chat function, or regular board/party games you’ve figured out how to play with a regular video chat, like trivia or charades.
You hear a sound in the forest, is it worse to see a dangerous animal / don't see anything?
So what are the actual chances of this Post making it to the top?
Throat soreness from running outdoors, how to cure?
On a scale from 1 to 10 where 1 is evil and 10 is truly good, where do you place yourself? Do you think you could do better?
Do you believe AAA video games are actually worth their pricetag upon release? If so, why?
People that have lived next to brothels, what were your weirdest experiences?
What conspiracy theory do you believe and why?
Adults who are obsessed with Disney, why?
What are you going to spend your stimulus money on?
Redditors who enjoy watching The Big Bang Theory - Why?
What would you do if you found a genie in a bottle?
Therapists of Reddit, have any of your patient's stories ever made you cry during a session or after?
What was the worst thing that came out of someone misinterpreting or mishearing something?
If you could place one save state for yourself anywhen/where, when/where would you place it?
What are the best dad jokes?
What song or music ALWAYS brings you back to a simpler time?
What simple coincidence led to disaster?
People of Reddit, why are you always late?
People of reddit, What mistake you made or something bad you did for which someone else got blamed, what's the story behind it? and do you regret?
Hey, Just woke up from a 2 years coma, could someone write what happened to the world through that time In few sentence?
Is it weird/gross to use pancakes, waffles, or French toast to soak up egg yolk when eating them with over easy or sunny side up eggs?
What is something that happened on an airplane that made you think "you have got to be kidding me"?
How would you feel after kissing someone who is already in a committed relationship?
How have you been using your time inside? Learn/watch/play anything new? Just sit around and relax?
Hypnotists of Reddit, have you ever used hypnosis or suggestion in your daily life or relationships? What happened?
MEN on Reddit, what's more painful than waxing your balls?
What is actually harder to explain than porn?
Redditors currently on house arrest or that have been released from incarceration early, due to the pandemic. How are things going?
People who used to tell us to check our privilege: why did you stop?
[Serious] Dear people with different illness/disorders/disabilities (physical or mental), can you describe a situation in which you were discriminated because of stigma surrounding your disorder?
New Yorkers of reddit, what was the weirdest thing you've seen in the city?
What is the one language (other than English) in the world that is easy to learn?
Hey, I just woke up from a 2 years coma, could someone tell me what happened to the world through that time In few sentence?
What's your current guilty pleasure?
Redditors, do you have a favorite ex? What's that story?
What would you like to rant about today?
What is the best job for a 13-year old?
Optimists and pessimists of reddit, which one are you and when do you think things will get back to business as usual, why?
Teachers of reddit, what is the funniest bad thing a student has done that you had to let them off without a detention?
What is your favorite anime/manga or manwha series and why?
How does the stock market work and why do people buy stocks?
What happened to the Net Neutrality removal?
Gamers of Reddit what quote from a final boss has stuck with you months after beating the game?
What kind of speech you'd give if you were to win the Oscars?
What’s your favorite Studio Ghibli film?
How was your Friday night?
Have you ever stalked someone on Reddit? If so, why?
So, what is currently NOT filling you with dread and disappointment ?
How do I get over my fear of blood tests? For me, it’s not the needle or the blood that scares me, but for some reason, veins and arteries really gross/freak me out. I’m also really worried about passing out.
What is the most cursed image you ever saw?
Why is Corona a manmade virus?
What is a movie you really liked that everyone else hated?
Officers of reddit what is the dumbest thing a criminal has said as an excuse?
At what point did you stop watching The Walking Dead?
[serious] What is the strangest thing you've ever seen someone do?
[serious] How did you start believing in yourself?
If you bought a bidet during the great toilet paper shortage of 2020, what happened to it?
What is your best position for browsing memes on Reddit?
Where can you donate insulin pens?
What was the weirdest thing that you believed as a kid?
What news outlet in your country do you trust most?
People of reddit, since you’re older and no one asks you this anymore, what’s your favourite dinosaur?
What’s a good movie that made you question your life?
What are some free or cheap date ideas for LDR couples?
[Serious] Paramedics of Reddit: what was the most unnecessary/awkward emergency call you’ve got?
What’s the most overrated peice if cutlery?
How did you find out that Santa isn't real?
Where can I donate insulin pens I no longer need anymore?
Those who enjoy some strange fetishes, what are they and why do you enjoy it?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve seen someone do, or done yourself, in a fist fight?
What is the point of life if we suffer everyday and gonna die in the end?
Middle management of Reddit, how do you feel about Reddit’s loathe for middle management?
Adults of reddit how did you figure out what you wanted to do later in life?
What’s your favorite food?
To those who reload their gun after shooting one bullet in a video game, why?
Women/Girls of reddit, what do you experience when you do anal? Why do you like it?
What is something you daydream about that other people might find strange?
What kind of animal would you choose to be, and why?
What are things you can do to get over a break up, during a stay at home order?
Are you losing or gaining weight while stuck at home during the quarantine?
[Serious] Geographers, why is India so hot? Why is Ahmedabad so hot?
What are the repercussions of sleeping with your hair still damp?
People Of Reddit,What Is The Saddest Story You Know?
What are some weird laws in your area that many people probably don't know about?
Why are you sad today?
What was your story to creating a through away account on this website?
Why do front page posts seem to die only to be recirculated to the front page every few weeks?
What good things have you seen come out of this social experiment we call 2020?
dropouts of reddit, what are you doing now?
What are YOU a snob about?
What is your dream city to live in?
What are some free or cheap date ideas for couples separated by coronavirus?
What are YOU a snob about?
For those that suffer from sleep disorders (sleep apnea, sleep paralysis, narcolepsy, insomnia, etc) what have been some of your worst experiences in public?
Why are we still here, just to suffer every night?
What's the most interesting story from your hometown that become a local legend?
What skills, hobbies or traits did you have that showed that you were perfect for certain jobs?
What is the biggest cov-idiot thing you have witnessed the last couple of months?
Relativism Versus Objectivism: Do Either Fall Into Amorality?
What was the thing your parents used to scare you with if you misbehaved?
Since the name “Great Depression” has already been taken, what will this probable Depression be called in the history books?
What song brings back horrible memories for you and why?
If the world were to end today by an asteroid, what is the thing you would be most sad that you didn’t get to experience?
how can you respect a man/woman who sucks cum out of your penis ?
Why do you have skeletons in your closet?
If you had to re-live any one day of your life for the next 30 days in a row what day would you choose? A purely happy day? An exciting day? A day with a range of emotions? A day of accomplishment? A day existing with loved ones now passed? And, most importantly, why this day?
Food preparers of reddit, what are some suggestions for lunch meals for a family of four?
Army officers of Reddit who saw combat, what was it like? What did you feel during the whole thing?
What are the signs that a person is too toxic for a relationship?
What are some things that were happening to your body that was odd within the past three months that you suspect could be an asymptomatic case of corona ? (Include your age
What are the chances a guy will unblock you?
What's the mission of your life and what's the path of getting succeed?
British people of Reddit, what would you drink if tea wasn't a thing?
Whose the Actor or Actress that you dislike for no reason at all?
What are your favorite riddles?
Are there countries with 0 COVID cases? If so, what's it like there?
Gay lovers of reddit, what made you like the same gender?
how can you respect a man/woman who sucks cum out of your penis ?
The thing to your left is now your dildo, and it matches the color of your shirt. What are you fucking?
What is more important, some internet points or family?
how can you respect a man/woman who sucks cum out of your penis ?
how can you respect a man/woman who sucks cum out of your penis ?
If a girl says she has a bf but then says she will let you know if that changes what does that mean?
What is your favorite time of the day?
You have now been quarantined without sex. the Thing to your left is now your dildo, and it matches the color of your shirt. What are you fucking?
[serious] what's your most unbelieavble story from your lifetime?
What is an achievement you are extremely proud of, but too embarrassed to tell people irl?
Reddit, what are some interesting and educational videos or podcasts that we can plug into during these trying times?
If you were a child at Kindergarten, how would you cause the most damage possible on a global level?
What only exists because of people’s stupidity? Maybe reddit?
When is the least appropriate time to do jazz hands?
What has been your best/worst reddit experience?
What brilliant comment did you make that nobody noticed?
What is the most embarrassing thing that happened during sex?
If you could choose the way you die, which way would you choose?
If dogs had a religion what would it be like?
Journalist of reddit, what's the on the job story that left an emotional impact on you?
Which fictional world has favorite mythology and why?
What Facebook pages or groups do you find funny or interesting?
People who haven't posted anything in 2020 yet, why are you still holding on to last year's shit?
Where’s the best place to buy land in the United States?
Those who graduated early/know someone who did, what are some of the ways you got easy credits?
What did you figure out when you moved to a city you wanted to and you didn't expect?
What’s the most intelligent animal you have ever eaten?
Parents, children, grandparents etc., what are the most memorable moments/stories from living near each other/together?
How to know hidden treasure to become success?
What’s your favorite color and what is the reason it is your favorite?
Redditors at what age did you learn to drive ?
Predictions show that India's GDP and China's GDP will surpass the USA's GDP by the year 2050. What are its implications on Indians, Chinese and Americans?
Where do you think would we be at if the US had kept investing as much into space programs as during the Apollo missions?
Gamers of Reddit, what has been a game you played/watched just for the track?
When was the closest you ever came to dying?
Depressed people of reddit. When did you realise you had depression?
What’s the worst name someone can give their child?
Rich people of Reddit, what's the worst job you are doing that normally someone else does for you?
What's your worst Omegle horror story?
What are small changes you can make physically or mentally to make yourself more attractive?
What are some signs of emotional abuse?
If you could have the super powers of any video game character that's Not Marvel or DC, who would you choose and why?
What is the reason as to why it is so hard to create a series as high quality as Avatar the Last Air Bender?
Grocery store workers of Reddit: When is the best time to go to the store right now to avoid large crowds and not find bare shelves?
Back in the 60s or 70s in a scifi there is a guy wearing car mirrors allowing him to see anyone sneaking up on him. What is its name?
You have 5 minutes before a nuclear warhead hits your city. What are you doing in your last 5 minutes?
What caused you to cry last?
Why is China lying about their Covid-19 death/infected toll?
People of the internet, why do you hate us Basic Girls?
People talk about beating the odds in life. What is an event or aspect of your life where you beat the odds in a negative way (Got Rare Cancer, Struck by Lightning)?
If Cardi B would stop making music when you join TikTok, would you do it?
[Serious] What's the psychology behind some people's fixation on anime girls?
(NSFW) Have your masturbation habits changed since the quarantine?
What is the worst way to cook an egg?
Hey Reddit friends what is the dumbest shit you said to your parents?
Teachers of Reddit, what are your most akward moments encountered when using video conferencing apps like Zoom for teaching students online?
What food has a shitty beginning taste but an amazing after taste?
Dear People of Reddit, why does everyone on the internet hate us VSCO Girls?
What's your song?
Ex-police officers of reddit. What was the dumbest criminal you ever arrested doing?
Cardi B would stop making music if join TikTok, would you do it?
If you were a dictator what two foods would you ban?
would you have sex with someone not that good looking just for practice? why?
If you can have super power, what do you choose and why?
Interesting depressing stories
Women of reddit, what would it take for you to date an underweight man?
What is your country's version of area 51?
If we ignore all the batman movies , who do think that can be the best cast for Bruce Wayne/ Batman ?
People who are still willing to vote for Donald Trump after everything they have seen, why?
Ex-police officers, what was the dumbest criminal you ever saw
What are some duh sayings like there ain’t no sunshine when it rains?
Who the hell is projektmelody?
what is a chore you can do all year long but you post-pone till spring to do ?
Ladies of Reddit, what makes a real man?
Do you think we will again return to barter System?
What is a better way to describe something good than saying it’s tremendous?
What is one video game you regret buying?
What is your favorite way to eat bananas?
Teachers of reddit, what is the most nsfw thing a student has sent you on accident?
Do you want life to go back to the way we knew it? Or what changes would like to see made?
What are some "Get broke quick" schemes?
You become the next president of your country, what will be your first order?
What is the most unusual thing you own?
People of reddit, how did a teacher ruin part of your life?
Should parents enter their kid’s room at least 3 times a day for no reason? Why or why not?
What video game confession are you not proud of?
Oompa Loompahs of Reddit, what was the worst workplace accident you ever witnessed?
What is your state's (if in the USA) or country's reputation?
Is there any other couples who pick eachothers blackheads etc.?
A new app has given dogs and cats the ability to speak and you’re working the Pet Owners Complaints Hotline. What does an average call sound like?
Where do you draw the line within the confines of your sex life?
Is Taiwan part of China? Please justify why you think so or not?
Why does everything physically feel that it revolves around your point of view?
At what age is it no longer possible to be kidnapped?
What word or phrase that has always existed do you now hate because the internet overuses it?
How would a picture turn out if you took a picture of the earth from the moon using an iPhone 11?
Why did people use to think the moon was made of cheese?
What would you do if you wake up as the opposite gender?
What's the most comfortable way you know to watch TV/sleep on your stomach?
What are some safe at home exercises to strengthen knees or back?
What’s your favourite dish/meal?
Gamers of Reddit, who's the most toxic person you met in a game that ended up carrying your team?
If you had to describe different types of people using food flavors what would you pick?
What would you do to your new laptop (overclock / undervolt) (CPU /GPU) to get the most out of it and how?
How early into the relationship do you begin talking about sex? Not about whether or not you are going to do the deed, but about your views on sex or your history, or your sexual wants in a relationship?
The last emotion you felt is how you die. What happens?
What’s your favorite saved reddit post?
How do you deal with haters?
How do you know if a love letter is romantic or cringy/coming on too strong?
NSFW What kinks are very common where your from but rare or unusual most other places?
What is the first thing you think of when you wake up in the morning?
People who have voiced cartoon characters, how was it?
If Donald Trump’s presidency was made into a movie, who would play him?
Fairy godparents of Reddit, who was the worst kid you ever worked with and why?
What hot food tastes better when cold?
What do you hope to see in your lifetime?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What fact seems like bullshit but is actually true?
How do you remove the blue text next to your name?
If you have one, what's your kink?
What year would you regard as your personal best/favorite and why?
Why do those bicyclists in spandex ride in the road and hold up traffic?
Redditors in isolatoin, what nostalgic piece of music, series or movie can you share with us?
What is the modern day equivalent of explorer's like Marco Polo?
Which item you will never buy secondhand and why?
What about your life is probabilistic?
You are allowed to erase anything from existence, and you will be the only one that remembers it. What do you get rid of?
People of Reddit, what is the hardest food to reheat?
Redditors who don't give compliments to others, why?
Friends of Reddit, How you doin'?
What are some reasons why a cat won't return home?
Do you think it’s better to be in quarantine with someone or in it alone? If your in quarantine with someone, how has it impacted your relationship?
When Was The Worst Gut Sinking Felling You Have Ever Had?
What are American Universities doing to help in the pandemic?
What was the last straw that made you end a friendship?
Who's your favourite youtuber?
Ex-fast food workers, what is the worst customer you have ever had to deal with?
Hedgehogs of Reddit, why do you like chili dogs?
If you were to immigrate to another country, which one would be the hardest to adapt to, and why?
How many weird, crazy, and unnecessary drafts do you have on reddit?
Why "popular" section of Reddit don't give any space to other countries and focusing only on USA?
People of reddit, how did a teacher/school run part of your life?
When will you consider your life to be complete ?
If you wrreto immigrate to another country, which one would be the hardest to adapt to?
Americans on Reddit, what are your thoughts on Donald Trump these days?
What will future generations view as stylish, sophisticated, and elegant that we view as ordinary, banal, and boring?
Supermarket food of Reddit, what is the Great Beyond like?
If hospitals charge $300 for an aspirin why are people getting in trouble for selling a mask for $5?
In the post apocalyptic game fallout, bottle caps become the standard currency. What do you believe would become the standard currency post apocalypse if cash became obsolete?
[Serious] Would you vote for Trump over Biden if he got us socialized healthcare? Why/why not?
People of reddit, how did a teacher/school run part of your life
Do you know anyone that’s excited about Joe Biden?
How do you get rid of the blue infested text next to your name?
People who were addicted to casinos or strip clubs or bars, how are you handling not being able to go anymore?
Users of Reddit, what is something only found on Reddit and no other social media?
Redditors around the world. How much do you spend monthly on food?
What are the main reasons people hate Grandpa Joe from Charlie and the chocolate factory?
How would you spend your birthday in quarantine?
What US Governor is handling this crisis and the subsequent financial fallout the Best so far in your opinion?
What will future generations view as stylish, sophisticated, and elegant that we view as ordinary, banal, and boring?
What is the weiredest thing your sibling(s) did or still do?
What do you hate about your sibling(s)?
Can business pages post ad's on Facebook Marketplace and how do you do it?
If money wasn’t an issue, what would you do in life?
Fellow alumnis, what's your fondest memories from your time at Trump University?
Would you watch Bob Ross, if he's still alive? Why?
Celebrating 38 today, any suggestions?🤔🥳
What parts of your life represent reality?
Those of you in the US living in states that are not under statewide stay-at-home orders, how is it affecting you?
How are you uniquely prepared for the current situation?
If a Covid-19 Vaccine was made available next month, would you take it?
(Car related) What is it about saab that everyone hates?
Who is Chuck Norris?
Gym rats of reddit, what are your favorite gym horror stories (injuries, cringe, steroids gone horribly wrong, etc.)?
What is your best mistake?
What's your favorite movie to have on in the background while you do something else?
People who haven't opted out of the reddit redesign: Why?
What made you lost trust with someone you knew?
What was your favorite birthday present ever?
what are some shows that's worth watching tons of seasons?
How would a top level NFL Running Back do against a professional Rugby team defense?
What is everybody up to on this fine Saturday?
Reddit, what is something that lost importance to you as you got older?
(serious) When is the best time to drink protein if you don't exercise?
Married people of Reddit, How often do you and your partner have sex? How is it initiated? How long have you been married?
If you could erase your memory from a video game so you could experience it all over again, what game would it be?
What are everyone’s thoughts on Donald Trump? Also, how do you all feel about him potentially getting re-elected?
Teachers of reddit, what was the scariest thing you have ever witnessed in school?
School janitors of Reddit, what’s the strangest thing you’ve seen in a school bathroom?
What are some songs you like from bands/singers you don't really like?
What is the oldest thing you own?
What is your daily mobile phone screen time?
What is the worst thing your ex has ever done to you?
Science: what creative experiments do you think scientists are doing now that they otherwise would never be able to do? What are some experiments we should be doing due to the unique circumstances we are in?
What was the strangest thing you've ever seen someone do?
Students of Reddit, what is the worst story you have about a teacher?
Why are you fallible?
What is the worst but successful pickup line you’ve used or seen?
TEachers of Reddit, what is the worst story you have about a student?
What is a spam that you would accept ?
What if covid-19...
School janitors of Reddit, strangest thing you’ve seen in a student bathroom?
Who is your actor/actress that can only have one role in your mind?
What is the most expensive thing you've ever eaten?
Why are you Vegetarian?
Why are experts seen as better than the average person?
What is something that you always wanted to buy as a kid, but was never allowed to, that you bought now as an adult?
How would you tell a small child their mother/father died? [serious]
When did you realize your hobby, or just the people in it, sucked?
Anyone's family temporarily abandoned them and attempted to justify with money, and how have they explained it to you?
People of reddit what is the most infuriating april fools prank your friend has done to you?
How would you tell a small child their mother/father died?
What is the best thing you have ever done for yourself, that you would recommend to others?
What's the best thing your father has ever done for you?
what is the best suggesting for news on reddit?
What's your favourite song which is over 6 minutes long?
What's 'knuck if you buck' for white people?
What skills should a doctor have??
What is the strangest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the first place you're going to go when life 'returns to normal'?
Redditors with toddlers: What’s the cause of today’s illogical meltdown?
What scares you the most?
Girls of reddit, why do two or more girls go to the bathrooms together?
How many people do you really think are made for each other and why?
Can someone explain why Amazons extended delivery doesn't apply to any amazon-made products?
People who don’t live in America: Do y’all have your own version of the Pledge of Allegiance or is it just a weird American thing?
How do you feel about your insurance company?
Guys hello! Tell us what is your profession? And what subjects studied at the university you were useful, and what was useless?
What is God if it is real?
How does your usual day look like?
Redditors of reddit who ate poop How did it taste was it good?
What's a good TV series to watch?
When was the last time you had a first world problem? What was it?
What are YOU a snob about?
What is one sports trade or transaction that broke your heart?
Why do we fall in love with certain people and not others?
People who have been in long term relationships, why do you still whip out your genitals randomly for your SO?
It is noticeable and clear that the only way to climb up the corporate or life’s ladder if by politicking. Any sort of success is never purely based on an individual’s own performance but a combination of politicking and some societally favourable performance. What is your view?
What are some things that can scare the shit out of someone?
What was the moment that changed your life completely and made you a better person today ?
What do people still pay for but can be found for free on the internet?
do guys think nipple piercings are hot?
Switch players should I go with the regular switch or switch lite which is better and why?
Hello people of reddit. Please answer the following question (you can be as elaborate as you wish, try to reflect on your feelings). How are you feeling right now?
What's the weirdest reason you were downvoted for?
Why is TikTok filled of anti-lgbtq and other things?
Which US Governor do you think is handling the Covid-19 pandemic and subsequent financial crisis the best so far?
If humans disappeared tomorrow, what animal would you bet on to take our place as the dominant species on Earth?
People Of Reddit Who Always Scored good grades/marks in high school, college etc how the fuck did you score good marks in high school/college etc and where are you now?
For the artists of reddit, what tips do you keep in mind when you draw/paint?
What seemingly simple thing is really tough to get good at?
What is the monetary system that can replace the tryanny of the current one under central banking such as the Federal Reserve?
Are tater tots a breakfast food? Not if they can be eaten at breakfast but are they made to be eaten at breakfast?
What would make you take a pain killer ?
What Pokémon would you keep as a pet and why?
Whats you're favourit song at this point?
Why do women enjoy tits licking?
Has anyone else's family temporarily abandoned them due to where you work or reside?
What's wrong with being racist?
What ruined your favorite videogame?
What’s more pathetic, every woman on Reddit having an onlyfans or the men who pay them ?
Failed Start Ups of Reddit, How did you realise it was time to "get out"?
If you could pick, what would your last words be?
What are some of the most heavily moderated(in a positive way) subs of reddit?
I'm a 2nd year Computer Engineering student and I struggle with coding, specially with Javascript and C++ (Linked list). Any tips on how to learn it?
Users who joined Reddit because of being stuck at home, what do you think of it so far?
What is Mamma Mia?
What's your "I almost killed myself but was too young to see what was wrong" story?
People from 1990s ands 80 s what are the things that you've enjoyed at your time that today's kids wouldn't ?
Rural Redditors of America, given the limited (sucky) internet access and speed in your communities, how are you "working from home" or doing "online classes" right now?
What does a 2020 shopping list currently look like?
What matters to you at the end of the day?
How do you get a life?
(Serious) Polygamous practitioners of reddit: What are some unique aspects of your lifestyle most people wouldn't know about?
People who play out unlikely scenarios and arguments in their heads: did any of them ever happen? If so, how did it go?
How good is halmstad University Sweden for masters programs?
Guys of reddit, what is the most recent compliment you can remember?
Is Carole Baskin the new ‘Karen’?
When you have a notification of you comment getting likes on reddit.. How do you see what you replied to easily, without scrolling through a million threads and finding you comment manually?
You are chosen to be one of the first people to travel back in time, they’ve chosen the Palaeolithic era for you to go to. What cave painting would you leave to fuck with the scientists heads in the next 14,000 years or so?
How is your day going?
Not living in 5br shared apartment for the next three months, but roommates' gfs are. Should I still be paying/splitting utilities?
I need a pandemic playlist. So far I have Dont Stand So Close To Me, I Am A Rock I Am an Island, and Alone Again Naturally. What are your best suggestions?
How the autocorrect almost about to ruin your conversation ?
What is the dumbest shit you got punished for?
What’s your favourite ever end of season cliffhanger?
What is the biggest lie ever told in a movie?
What is that “one thing” you did as a child that still gets brought up to this day?
What mistakes did your parents make raising you?
If Quentin Tarantino decided to direct a reimagining of a children's film, what film would you want him to do?
Which historic personality inspires you the most ?
What is your Tinder horror story?
How old were you when you realized your parents weren't legally allowed to physically abuse you?
What is your thoughts on situation with iDubbbz and his gf.
Whats your take on this police state we live in?
You are held captive by a crime organization, the main character of the last movie you watched will be assigned to save you, who is coming and will you be saved?
What is something that you were really resistant to trying but found yourself enjoying after others convincing you to try it?
What's a time where you faked being injured or sick and it backfired?
What would you differently if you knew about the COVID-19 pandemic 6 months ahead?
If you hate/dislike Tik Tok, why?
Gen X'ers, what is your favorite hair band from the 80's, and your favorite song by that band?
[Serious] Lonely people of Reddit, how are things?
Trying to figure out squirrel nighttime patterns. Has anyone seen a squirrel at night? And if so, where?
(Serious) Couples with a large age gap: What do you find most enjoyable about your parents age difference? What bothers you the most about it?
Former pregnant teens of Reddit, were you on birth control and what made you decide to keep the child?
Now that we are all isolated and definitely have the time to, what is a book you think everyone should read?
What makes you special?
How to make big text in comments?
How to make big text 8n comments?
[Serious] What safety nets does your country's constitution (or equivalent) offers in case the ruling party / supreme leader goes rogue?
How does a person get banned from world news for making a non troll, non hostile comment consisting of facts?
What bad thing could possibly happen now that won’t even surprise you anymore?
What are some the douchiest things rich people do?
What is the most stupid comment you ever read on reddit?
Which movie twist was the most chocking or unexpected?
So being under quarantine, are you paying more or less attention to personal grooming? In other words, how's the junk looking?
Doctors of reddit, what's the most saddening last words among your patients?
To the people shut in at home, how many of you actually get dressed? Why or why not?
What is/was your school's worst scandal?
What is an epiphany that changed your life for the better?
Can someone do a favor if you can send chat request when you get this?
I have observed the people around me and I’ve noticed that the only way to climb up the corporate ladder or life’s ladder is by playing politics. In my opinion, I feel that any sort of success is never based purely on ones performance but a combination of performance and politics. Am I wrong? Why?
If you could live in any fictional world, which one would you live in?
Why grammar matter you? To does?
Dear people of Reddit, what anime's are fun to watch when you are bored?
What do you do to stop a kid from crying?
To everyone shut in at home due to quarantine, how many of you actually get dressed? Why or why not?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
Why grammar matter you? To does
Why can't you look at a woman without wanting to stick her?
What’s something that annoys you about YouTube? It can be anything. YouTube itself. The system. Youtubers. Etc and why?
Albums where every track is as good as track 1?
When a perfume ad is shown on TV, what the F**K are you supposed to feel?
What is the bidet situation in your country (which country), are they widespread, who has them, do they come preinstalled when you buy a house/toilet, are they the norm?
What's a conflict you had recently that only happened in your head?
You can save 3 people from a premature death. Who do you choose and why?
What are very "mom things" to do in your country/culture?
People who are accustomed to a daily routine of getting ready, doing stuff and heading out to work and those who were stay home parent, are you having difficulty with everybody being home all the time?
Any magic words to make a crying kid on a plane shut up?
What would be fun items to put in a time capsule in my wall during renovations?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
Is it okay to cry when a loved one's relative dies or does it make them feel worse, like they don't have a rock, support etc?
Whats the strangest place you've found money?
People who have stood up to racist, what’s the story?
Cops of Reddit, what is the most heartbreaking thing you’ve seen on the scene?
People who have died and come back to life, what did you see?
[Serious] What are some of the most unsettling sounds ever recorded?
What under-recognized workers are you thankful for?
[Serious] What does it say about a person (co-worker, specifically) who talks about their sexual achievements or plans daily?
[SERIOUS] If everyone thought the 'Rona was a big deal in Jan/Feb and Trump was negligent, why were there zero questions about it at the 4 Democrat debates in Jan and Feb?
Which movie or tv series title might be slightly modified to make it sound dirty, but still sound like original title?
EMS workers, what's the stupidest reason you've been called out?
Who's the most underrated singer ever ?
What’s the scariest dream you’ve ever had?
What was a shipping mistake that worked in your favor?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
Women of Reddit, who is your celebrity woman crush?
Growing up, what things would make your father blow up at you?
People with fast internet, what's it like in the future?
Stalkers of reddit, why do you stalk people?
What was your most recent lie?
What silly thing did you believe as a kid?
Redditors whose parents died by suicide when they were young, how has this affected you through out your life?
People who were/are addicts; what is the craziest binge you have been on?
What’s your worst example of procrastination?
To anyone who has recovered from the coronavirus, what were your symptoms and how do you think you got it?
Where did you buy your engagement ring and what was the experience like?
What are some fun/funny excuses for a huge black eye?
What’s your favorite saved reddit post?
All 45 presidents of USA walk into a room. What happens next?
If you had 24 hours to disappear from 1000 people who are hunting you down what would you do?
What’s a ‘wrong’ way you do something that’s better than the regular way?
What’s the worst portrayal of an alien?
How do you feel when you wake up and get out of bed every day?
If you're so confident in your vaccines, why do you care if people are against them and don't want to get injected?
Question to all people who lost beloved ones or friends to suicide. What did you go through? How long did it take to recover?
What is the worst thing you came home to that your dog was responsible for?
Reddit girls, what was it like dating a guy who is much younger than you?
What's something you want to change about yourself but are worried about what other will think?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you want to be immune to, and why?
If people who like fur are called furries, are there featheries and leatheries? And are people who like other non-animal people called fleshies?
What is your most wholesome problem?
People who've hoarded all the toilet paper and paper towels, why? How much do you shit in a 2 week period?
What are some fun round ideas for online group quizzes with friends?
Women of reddit, who is the creepiest guy who approached you?
Anyone have some good tutorials on YouTube or elsewhere on how to cut your own hair? If you did it, how did it turn out?
[Serious] What is the dumbest thing you’ve done that almost led to your death?
What makes reality more real than a simulation?
What games can you play at home that don’t require technology?
[Serious] Pregnant women of Reddit, how did your partner's parents take the baby news when you told them?
What Scifi Technology would be used for NSFW purposes?
You are about to be permanently sent back in time to 15th century Europe. You are allowed to bring with you anything you want, as long as it fits into two standard 23kg suitcases. What do you bring with you to the past and why?
What is the correct way to respond when someone knocks on the bathroom door while you're in there?
Have you ever accidentally shared a private photo or video on your phone? What happened?
Which under appreciated movie did you really enjoy ?
What seemingly harmless thing parents do, that actually damages kids?
Translated to English, what are the lyrics to Happy Birthday in your language?
Zoomers of Reddit, what are your favorite '90s songs?
What is the classiest thing you have seen someone do in response to a bad situation?
What would you do if you were the only survivor in a plane crash?
What will be ruined forever because of COVID-19?
When was the hardest you have ever puked and what caused it?
What's a ''joke/pun'' that you hate?
[Serious] What do you believe is your purpose in life?
If you were to make a themed dessert with what you had right now, what would the theme be?
What’s your favourite energy drink?
What if hair is just our body growing fur?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you want to be immune to?
Do you think that schools should just pass everyone for the year? Why or why not?
Why does calling out white supremacy seem to anger many on Reddit?
Dear students of Reddit do you hate other kids at your school if you do why?
What do you want to be good at?
Why did you sort by new?
How much does an average human lie?
would you become a reddit mod, why or why not?
Anyone else have a love hate relationship with work. Like I love my retail job, or the idea of it. But I hate showing up unless I'm in a specific department that day.
What are you doing to kill time and not being bored while at home all day?
Is it insulting to send unemployed workers who do odd handyman jobs for you money during difficult times? Will they perceive it as charity they do not want or need?
What applications are a must-have for a first time computer/laptop owner?
What are some activities you can do online with your significant other?
Where has Joe Biden been during this crisis?
[Serious] Pregnant Women of Reddit, what worries you most about the current virus situation?
What jobs are absolutely necessary but still ruin people's lives?
Why are you going to succeed?
What are your best angry songs?
Aside from cat or dog, what pet do you really want?
Why are you going to fail?
People of Reddit, what is your story of stumbling across a picture of yourself being used in an advertisement?
If the Covid-19 virus suddenly disappeared, what would be the first thing you would do?
German speakers of reddit, what’s your favourite ‘there’s a word for that’?
What song would you play on repeat if you wanted to infuriate someone?
What's the thing you can afford but just cannot get right now?
What’s good advice to give to a child, but not to and adult?
What is an overused question in this subreddit?
What's a conspiracy theory you could make up right now?
What is an interest you have that you can’t stand the culture that surrounds it?
What's your favorite quote from a bad movie?
Like Michael Keaton in Beetlejuice which other performances had very little dialogue or minutes on screen but made a huge impact/stole the show?
What's your favorite thing to do right now ?
Some say there is no stupid question. What do you think is a stupid question?
What are some round ideas for online quizzes?
What's the best pizza topping combination?
What's genuinly one of the best experiences anyone can have?
Is there a time that you deserved employee of the month, but it went to someone else? What is your story?
If you were a American soldier in WW2 with the choice of fighting in the European or Pacific theater which one would you choose and why?
How did you get rid of your oily skin and big pores?
how would you feel about governments using the current situation as an excuse for a surveillance state, where all your movements were constantly being monitored?
Is there a quote from a movie that constantly pops up in your brain? If so, what is it?
Why are you fucked?
Men of Reddit, who is your celebrity man crush?
People who sleep walk or whose family members sleepwalk, what's the weirdest thing you or they have done while sleepwalking?
Why did Antivaxxers become silent?
Why every facemask is 3M?
How much money is enough for your whole life?
What is you're main overwatch character?
Why are you stupid?
If sexual identity was a choice - what would you choose and why?
What resources, books and sites are best suited to level up English from A1 to B2?
If you're a young likeable dude in your mid 20s but know you have 10 years left before cancer/death, would you still want to marry and all? Why or why not?
Why is there so much softcore anime porn on reddit lately?
What is your idea of the truth?
What do you say when the police pull you over?(wrong answers only)
What's your favorite story of "Oops, I won"?
if you could steal someone's reddit account, who would you choose to steal from?
If you're a young likeable dude in your mid 20s but know you have 10 years left before cancer/death, would you still want to marry and all?
Given the current situation, how are those who use Tinder regularly for hooking up coping?
People that have a moral objection to horse racing, what is your opinion / moral stand against the virtual grand national?
Has anyone been able to successfully access HBO's "Free 500 Hours" without a subscription? How did you do it?
You're in a room with your wife , girlfriend and crush ,what would be the dumbest way to start a conversation?
To all students on Reddit, what's the weirdest thing a teacher has done?
If you had the opportunity to travel to another planet, would you go?
What is the most irritating thing about your personal reddit experience?
Watch collectors of Reddit, which watch is your most prized one?
What do you like to watch when eating?
How are you doing now that life is turned upside down?
You are being hunted by an assassin, how do you avoid being killed?
Hackers of reddit what is true or false about your profession ?
If our shadow is a 2 dimensional representation of our 3 dimensional self, what if we are 3 dimensional representation of a 4 dimensional being?
What is the most stupid comment you ever read on reddit?
What’s your go-to category when searching for porn?
DnD players of reddit, what was the smartest thing you or another player has done?
Ex Anti-Vaxxers of reddit, what finally made you realize that vaccines are not dangerous?
Who or what would you love to spy on?
What movie did you watch that made you feel like you were going insane watching it?
What is a toy you wished you had when you were a kid?
What restaurant do you miss being able to dine in at?
You talk everyday with the same person, a close or your best friend, you like him/her, what's/was the next step in your relation?
When did you realise you don’t understand youth slang anymore?
Why are you awesome?
In the United states how is it acceptable for churches to be exempt from taxes?
What’s the safe code on resident evil 3 remake in beginning of game?
What was your best dream that you really wanted it to happen ?
What is now free (classes, entertainment, etc) to access that normally is not?
Women who really show off your knockers, what is the message you are sending? What are men to assume?
What small things do your family members do that drives you insane?
What’s your favorite post on Reddit?
What is your story of being followed home?
What do you think about swearing?
To ladies
Why are you still happy?
What usually normal object/s become weird and suspicious when you own a lot of them?
What do you think is going through Patient Zero's (the person who ate the bat) mind right now?
What part of the reddit community makes you cringe?
What is something practical (IE non-moralistic) you've actually learned from a video, TV show, or movie?
What if reddit won't be there, what we all be doing right now?
What business is deemed "essential" that you wouldn't have expected?
Which movie had the african pallbearers in it?
What ridiculous incident happened at your wedding?
The chicken came first or the egg?
Athiests of reddit, what are the cirumstances that led you to follow athiesm ?
This trucker needs some entertainment. What are some good podcasts/talkshows?
Men of Reddit, who is your celebrity man crush?
It is said The Magic Happens When You Step Out Of Your Comfort Zone. What is your inspiring story?
What title would you give to your current chapter of your life?
Why Jackson Mahomes built like a tall chipmunk?
What incredible thing do you did, but nobody saw it?
Why would your significant other flirt and sext with other girls, but when you try, you get rejected?
What is the best school life hack?
Does anyone else spend the majority of the time looking at themselves on webcam chat, or are you looking at everyone else the whole time?
Athiests of reddit, what are the cirumstances that led you to follow athiesm
Sewer workers and 'poo divers' what is the strangest thing you've seen down in the depths?
Is it insulting to send people who work For you doing odd handymen jobs during the pandemic? Will they perceive it as you think they need charity?
Teens on Reddit, what's your dream job?
People with dogs that need to be walked even during quarantine, how are you coping?
Doctors of reddit what is the scariest experience you have had in a hospital (SERIOUS)?
Hey! I just want to help brighten my nans day up since she can’t leave her home with some jokes and memes. She loves a good dirty joke so anything is welcome!
If you had $1 million, what would you do?
What guilty pleasure have you been doing more of recently during these circumstances?
Psycho-thriller movie fans, what can you recommend to watch?
How do you think the next academic year will play out for the world’s youth?
[Serious] What do you believe the worst way to die is?
Redditors, What is one thing people don't know or understand about your culture you wish everyone knew?
What advice would you give your fat friend that is having a hard time finding motivation to lose weight, if he/she approached you with the matter?
Twins and doppelgängers, how many of you have been able to share facial ID?
People who don’t like children, what’s the worst thing about them?
[Serious] Redditors who have had to exit a plane on an emergency slide, why? What was the experience and aftermath like?
What guilty pleasure has come out more since coronavirus quarantine?
Men of Reddit: If you got circumcised later in life, what was your experience? How did your sex life change? If you also had a frenuloplasty how did that go?
what was the best college dorm prank you witnessed or were involved in?
Growing older, what is something you miss being able to do?
Animal Crossing: NH players! How many hours have you put in so far?
What thing you don't want parents know about you?
Why do American socialists think that Nordic countries are socialist?
What is dark? It is faster, light or dark?
What's the first thing you'll do after this isolation period is over?
What does your FBI Agent know (or not know) about you?
Which book everyone should read in their life? Why?
What movie did you dislike when you first saw it but got better when you watched it again?
What is your favorite type of weather and why?
Which book everyone should read in their lifes?
Should the death penalty be legal worldwide? If so who should receive it?
coinbase registration problem
What's the farthest you've gone to look for approval?
What's one thing humanity will never find the answer to?
What would happeb if we put all the v.iruses in the world into a corner, what would we ses?
If you have one shot at something you want to do, what would it be?
Redditors, what is one thing people don't know or understand about your culture you wish everyone knew???
(Serious) What is the reason you were not able to learn anything in highschool ?
What famous person went to your high school?
What have you inadvertently Pavlov-ed yourself into doing?
What would happen if all straight people on earth are wiped off the earth ? Will homosexuals by evolution theory develop capability of producing ovaries , sperm and capability to bear a child ?
Is there something you don't want your parents know about you?
What movies from when you were growing up aged very well?
What US state offers the best disability and other government-based benefits for elderly or disabled folks?
If you had the ability to travel in time,would you go 10 years in the past or 10 years in the future?
Who cured HIV?
What makes a good porn star?
How can you know if you have aphantasia?
What is the best way of watching TV shows free?
Groceries of Reddit, why aren’t you on the store shelves?
What is something we should enjoy while it lasts?
Any question for someone who lives in Vegas?
When was the last time you were giddy/excited about something?
Why doesn't raw bacon come in reclosable packages?
Who is the most pretentious person you've ever met, and what is the most pretentious thing they have ever said?
[Serious] What song instantly puts you in a depressive mood?
What's an odd thing people do that baffles you?
Why don't more houses have attic fans?
Is it good or bad that we don't have a memory eraser like in MIB? And why?
what would you do if you woke up and saw the headline 'us declares war on ___' on the front page?
What is a near-death experience like?
What is it like for women in the military?
So what would we all do if the internet just crashed right now?
Why is nostalgia addictive?
If you could name a star, how would you name it?
What is the appeal of gore porn?
What's one show you've caught up on while being cooped up, one show you intend to binge, and one show you'd recommend?
What are some common misconceptions about marriage or having kids that are true or false?
Detectives/Investigators of reddit, what were some interesting or mysterious cases you had to solve?
What is the way YOU are doing right now?
What cult classic movie do you love?
Barbers of reddit, now that people can't have their hair cut, what are some useful tips for those who want to cut it on their own?
What is the politest way to tell someone to fuck off?
Whats the story behind your username?
What would cause you not mention your boyfriend to a male friend?
What’s your story’s about breaking the law?
What do you wish females understood better?
What is something you always try to make time for?
What isn’t getting enough attention right now?
Where does excess weight go after a diet or exercise?
Hey Redditors, what's the most ghetto-ish thing you've ever heard?
Barbers of reddit, now that people can't have their hair cut because of quarantine, what are some useful tips for someone who wants to cut it on its own?
Who, in your opinion, is the most unproblematic and likeable celebrity?
What are your not getting any sleep stories?
What's a good apk or Play Store app that makes your life easier?
Do you accept/believe a fact that is true/correct but you don't want to believe it because of things like political views or prejudice? Why do you change/keep your opinion?
Pet lovers of reddit, what is the best pet's name you have ever encountered?
Why did you join a pyramid scheme?
What is the best on-foot chase scene in a movie?
[Serious] Can expired Purell (ethyl alcohol 70%) be used and be effective?
What’s stressing you out?
What is something you did out of revenge but ended up regretting it afterwards?
People who cheated in previous relationships, how did your next relationship turn out? (Serious)
If your dog suddenly gained the ability to talk what do you think is the first thing they would tell you?
Pawn shop employees, when did someone bring in a big money item only for them to make it completely worth nothing?
What’s your best game save file you’ve accidentally overwritten?
How many shamans did you go through before finding the right fit?
What is objectively the best game in the Soulsborne series?
People of Reddit, what is the funniest mispronounciation you had as a little kid?
You can take a look at a future update (like a peek to the future) of any product, be it video games, series, books, etc ... but not the product itself. What is the content of that update?
What is the funniest line in the history of television?
You are allowed to make changes to reddit. What do you change?
(Serious) Why downvote ads?
What’s your most dangerous wank?
What are some tips for writing romantic poetry/love letters?
[Serious]People of Reddit, what was the worst case of betrayal you have seen/experienced?
Did you guys ever hear someone talk and you thought for a moment that you were hearing it from a loudspeaker?
Genuinely nice people of reddit: what was the one time you dont regret losing your temper on someone?
Suicide squad of Reddit, what made you stop your suicide attempt?
Sailors, fisherman, and other mariners: what's the most frightening thing you've encountered while at sea?
Is there another showerthought sub that you can actually post on?
How badly did a break up impact you?
People of Reddit, what is the funniest mispronounciation you had as a little kid
You have 4 bullets and a time machine, how do you cause the most discourse through history?
Who you think is most responsible for the pneumonia (e.g. China government, WHO, etc)?
Why do alot of people hate on 5G poles?
What is the best way to support and/or help those who suffer from domestic abuse or violence during the “shelter in place” mandate that most places have?
When was a famous person at your school and what happened when the were there?
If the CIA is setting up governments by war etc. How come they haven't done it on china, Russia and N. Korea yet? (just asking)?
A space alien shows up in his space ship (has a warp drive). After he gives you a good probing (super deep, used a KCJ-11.4z unit), he reckons you ought to tell him who is in charge around this planet. To whom do you send him?
What do you think is the best individual scene in a movie?
Why do you think reposts do better than OP’s post?
What song would you put on repeat all day?
What is the most regular thing that you learnt just now?
Protestors of Reddit, what did you want &amp; did protesting work?
Who is the Carole Baskin and Joe Exotic in your own life?
Police officers/cops of reddit who solved "paranormal" cases/getting calls because of "paranormal disturbances", what actually happened?
Which motivational quote annoys you?
What is the best one-liner of all time from movies?
[SERIOUS] Which one is better, US The Office or Friends?
What's a motivational quote that annoys you?
Whats an food/drink recipe you know that you think the world would be a better place if everybody knows?
Redditors of America, What are your views on government in the current situation since the death toll is above 1000 in the past 24 hours ?
Who you think is most responsible for the flu? (e.g. China government, WHO, etc)?
What piece of art, film, literature, song has impacted how you live your life?
What's the best series or movie or documentary?
Teachers who have had intimate relationships with students and vice versa, why?
Disabled parents - looking to relocate permanently. Best state to consider for two elderly disabled adults? California?
[Serious] Girls who went lesbian after going out with a guy, what happened?
What did you regret not taking a photo of?
Music nerds of reddit, if you could make your own supergroup of musicans, dead or alive, who would be in it and why?
What interesting thing did you find in the woods?
People that have attempted to comit sucide why?
If Reddit had a dance party, what song would you want on the playlist?
What is something you should NEVER buy at the dollar store?
How old were you when life took a sharp turn; either good or bad .. and what happened?
Carying prevention in a wallet or so is precautious, but what about pocket lube? Or is that weird?
be honest . what did you actually think of joker?
What’s something cool about you that you haven’t really gotten to talk about much?
Couples of Reddit: What is your preferred sex position?
How’s your renovation project going?
What is the worst thing you’ve seen happen when someone got caught cheating?
How's your life going?
[Serious] Reddit, why haven't you given up yet?
What are the most iconic songs you heard everywhere as a child?
[Serious] How does one preoccupy their grandpa's time so he doesn't spend all his time thinking about his wife who just died of cancer?
[SERIOUS] Which one is better, The Office or Friends?
[Serious] What are good ways to deal with anxiety in a relationship?
Redditors who work in stores, what was the strangest/craziest thing you saw a customer do?
How do you feel about coworkers who refuse to work or come in while the rest of you risk your lives by doing your jobs?
How do you fall in love? Is it possible to fall for someone slowly?
The bee movie is now PG 13 and is allowed one f bomb. Where do you put it?
What was your school scandal?
When was the last time you were involved in a fight. What happened?
Whats it like to live in complete isolation with no social interaction at all?
In your opinion, who is the greatest TV character of all time?
What will be the downfall of Humanity?
What do you think is the best individual scene in a movie?
What did people think it works in one way and you discovered it is actually not true?
Whatever happened to the scumbags who mocked and watched a man drown?
Why would UFOs be circle since circled aren’t aerodynamic?
Call center workers of Reddit, what was the worst experience you had with a customer?
Doctors and Nurses of Reddit, what’s the most awkward procedure you had to perform?
Girls, sex ratio in STEM related YouTube viewership let alone careers is so bad, why are so averse to STEM?
When was the last time you were REALLY angry and why?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, what was the most wholesome thing you saw while in prison?
What is a good habit you developed and could be interesting for other people?
Has anyone suffered seizures and drop episodes as a symptom of intractable migraine
What was the craziest shit you’ve seen happen on a Zoom meeting?
What is it that others don't want to do that you really cannot do?
After finally getting out of jail, a man buys a pizza, licks a wall and jumps off a bridge, there is no right answer, what do you think happened?
What are some good songs to listen to whilst tripping on LSD?
How does one preoccupy their grandpa's time so he doesn't spend all his time thinking about his wife who just died of cancer?
How would you guys define Gen-Z culture in minimal words?
Essential Employees, what company do you work for and what safeguards do they have in place during this current situation, are they doing enough and what further moves would you like to see them do?
Why are you angry right now?
What's the most interesting archeological object we have ever found? [Serious]
How do you feel when someone drops a spoiler for a movie or TV show that you were really looking forward to watching?
What are some of your favorite movies?
Rich people of Reddit: How often do you observe “psychopathic/sociopathic” behaviors in and around your social circles and what is like to be around people with said traits?
What's the easiestst way to screw up your whole life?
What piece of advice did you ignore or dismiss when you were a teenager because an authority figure told you, that you now regret not following?
Flight attendants, why doesn’t air service want to provide parachutes to every single passengers and let them use, for emergency?
What if a Duke Nukem game came out with a similar combat system of doom 2016? Or 2020?
What do YOU do in quarantaine?
What can we do to stop good looking men "getting away" with creepy behavior?
What are you currently saving up for?
Why do socialists in the US never listen to what socialists survivors from other countries have to say?
If you wanted to convince everyone to start growing their own food incase this gets much worse, how would you do that?
How many coffees or alcohols have you had since this all started?
How do I preoccupy my grandpa's time so he doesn't think spent all his time thinking about his wife(my grandma) who just died of cancer?
What movie best captures the feeling of being young ?
Americans of reddit that hate america, why won't you move out to a different country that would suit you better?
Doomsday prep’ers, hows things going for you? Hows the bunker and all the canned beans?
What are some signs that you're in love?
What are you very self-conscious about, but nobody really cares about?
When you read, does it feels like you are seing things?
Redditors, what is a time that you earned STEALTH 100?
What is something you want to do to a door?
Redditors of Reddit,when did you say something so bizarre even you were creeped out?
What does it feel like to jump, do a triple backflip and dunk on the rim?
How do you know you're in love?
Did you ever drift apart from your (close) friends? How did you know and react to it?
What brought you to reddit?
What was the reason behind your last call to 911?
Disgusting redditors who need to be reminded to wash your hands - why?
What's the craziest thing you've learned about your home surrounding during stay at home orders?
Geniuses of Reddit, how do you view the general public?
What are your favourite two player board games?
What's your favourite song of all time and why?
What's the nicest thing you could do with $5?
What makes you instantly judge someone?
What do you think of Mrs. Titcomb?
Essential Employees, are you jealous of employees that are currently staying home from work, and vise versa, and why?
You have the power to absorb as much knowledge from a book as you want. What book would you choose and why?
What’s the worst date you’ve ever been on?
What skill did you learn as a child that you just kind of stopped using or let go that you now wish you hadn’t?
Redditors who have done wellness checks, what's your worst experience?
Why did you quit your job?
What’s the first sentence of the best novel that will be written about this crisis?
What is your opinion whether Gerome Adams shall resign or be fired for mishandling of the crisis?
How do they build the foundations and legs of oil rigs in Ocean deep waters?
What was/is the “hottest” thing that ever happened to you?
What is your little thing at home that can be done quickly and make everyone happy?
I really enjoy posting stuff on r/nosleep, but not many people see my posts, can you guys give me some tips so people can actually see my posts, for example: posting at certain times etc?
What's the oldest thing you own?
What is more dumb/ridiculous, trying something because everyone else likes it, or refusing to try it because everyone else likes it?
Is it true in some countries e.g. Canada, it's okay if your wife/husband has a BF/GF!!?? A guy who lives in Ontario, Canada told me that it's normal there and it's not cheating!!!!?
What was the best decade to live through?
Why people are more into Netflix than HBO?
What are some ways to have fun with a swollen shut black eye?
How badly do you need to pee before you go to the bathroom usually?
Is it true in some countries e.g. Canada, it's okay if your wife/husband has a BF/GF!!?? A guy who lives in Ontario, Canada told me that it's normal there and it's not cheating!!!!? WTF
What ads actually made you want to purchase a service or product?
[Serious] Why is the US not purchasing PPE gear from China?
Why did you quit your job on the first day?
College students of reddit, what’s the best way to steal food from your campus’ cafeteria that doesn’t allow backpacks in?
Why are there so many "Greatest Regret", "Biggest Mistake" travel back in time "What Would You Change" type questions on Reddit, and why would you answer one?
Americans of Reddit what is your favourite soccerclub and why?
What are some underlying issues in your body that you have never shared with others?
How do y’all deal with awkward silences?
What comes from China?
[Serious] If a Mars colony were to become truly self-sufficient, do you think it should gain sovereignty of itself as a nation? Why/why not?
What makes reddit overuse “wholesome”?
What is the best iOS app for committing to and sticking with a custom 30 day challenge?
Redditors What stories do you know off where humanity was affected badly, but came out stronger and better than ever?
Do you brush your teeth before or after breakfast, and why?
What’s the weirdest thing you do in your own restroom ?
[Serious] Redditors who have shared custody of their children and living in a state that has shelter in place. How are you guys doing custody exchange and how is it effecting you and the children?
It is April 2019. You are shown pictures from one year in the future – empty streets of major cities, no people on beaches and in parks, closed bars and restaurants, strict border controls between EU countries. What explanation would have come to your mind?
What is an obscure song by a band that is better than their most popular song(s)?
Sport, music, art, books, whatever... who’s your top 5?
What’s your favorite comic book series?
People who've pretty much given up on life and are just going through the motions, what motivates you?
What is the best mistake you made in your life?
Why do redditors think so lowly of job creators and captains of industries?
Interviewers of Reddit, has there ever been a situation where the candidate (unknown of the fact that you were present or that you were the interviewer) did something prior to the interview which impressed/disgusted you and affected his/her score?
People who live alone, how do you deal with nightmares?
How do you entertain yourself during these trying times?
What are some "Hard to swallow" pills men need to hear?
What song would you listen when the quarantine is over and you can go outside?
How do you think stoicism would benefit/hinder society in a time and situation like this?
What is this subreddit?
What's the funniest way you've hurt yourself?
Who’s your top 5? Any genre, group, category, artist, sport, fashion... whatever...
[Serious] People who support Donald Trump, what do you think of his decision to try to stop the flow of masks from 3M to Canada and why?
What is one thing your pet had done that you wish you had on camera?
Male redditors, what's your age, and how big is your dick in cm and inches?
Who is the worst person to have existed that not many people have heard of and why?
Why would the liquor and beer store be considered an essential services but cannabis stores not?
Musicians of Reddit, how do you meet up with other musicians?
What is something that you can’t ever win at?
l fart many times. What is cure?
Who has got it going on?
Where can someone download Weathering with you HD (Tenki no ko) for free?
What’s the closest you have ever been to paranormal activity?
What's the best joke you've ever heard?
For people who have trouble sleeping, what are ways to help you go to bed quicker?
What's your favorite team in Super Baseball 2020?
Ex-soldiers of Reddit , what was the scariest thing that happened during your work time?
What’s keeping you optimistic?
Continued empty store shelves. Credible theories?
Would you rather be a retarded supermodel or an ugly oracle?
Who were the most prominent people of the 2010's?
What are your favorite subreddits?
What was the best commercial you have ever seen?
It’s you or the president, do you kill them or no and why?
Who are you truly grateful to have in your life right now?
Which musical instrument do you like and wish could play?
People of reddit what's a good but obscure movie/song you know about?
Has anyone ever had a relationship with a step sibling, how did it work out?
Redditor who marry your childhood best friend, what's your story?
To the people who have used the 'Camera' option when setting up a profile picture. How do you achieve that level of confidence?
How are you coping up with your sanity?
How is everyone coping with Trump &amp;co destroying everything they care about (besides planning to move to another country)?
Parents of reddit, what’s the funniest thing your child has ever said?
What was a good subreddit in its early life, but now has just crashed and become cringy and awful?
People of Reddit who went for treatment for Narcissistic Personality Disorder, what is your experience?
What is your signature food combo?
People of Reddit, why do you have pineapple on pizza?
Has anyone ever had a relationship with a step sibling, who did it work out?
How you all are feeling being part of historical event?
People who think Benjamin Franklin wasn’t a president, why?
People of Reddit why do you hate spoilers so much?
What is the worst advertisement you've ever seen?
People of reddit, how would you describe Shawn Mendes? Would you call him cute or hot?
Wouldn’t a broth is just another word for meat tea and a tea is an another word for plant broth? Then a vegetable broth could be called as a tea because vegetables are plants, right? So why does it have to be like that?
How do you make a draft?
How many songs do you know what have only 1 line of lyrics repeated through the whole song?
Who are you truly grateful to have in your life right now? Tell us about this person?
What programming language is good for a 13 year old beginner to start with and why?
Construction workers of reddit what was the funniest thing you had a fresh green apprentice do??
What's the dumbest way to die?
Hey, can someone tell me how you do a draft?
Redditors who are in a career they know is perfect for them and get excited to work, what makes it perfect for you?
Mother in laws that make it hard, why?
What was your motivation that helped you lose weight?
Aliens of Reddit, what happens out of Earth now?
[SERIOUS] REDDITORS what’s the grossest thing that’s happened to you during sex?
People of reddit,what's your ''I'm not into that'' story?
Which celebrity, TV character or movie character do you want to drop-kick any time they come on screen?
To the females of reddit, how do you feel about chubby guys?
What did hype kill for you?
If you were given the ability to breath fire but only out of your ass would you take it and why?
People of reddit, is Shawn Mendes considered cute or hot?
Cashiers of reddit who have dealt with people who’s card got declined, what was their reaction?
What are you most scared about these upcoming months?
If you were on The Masked Singer what would be in your clue package? What costume would you wear?
If you had visibly adjustable stats (i.e speed, wisdom, charisma), which would you increase?
What was an unfortunate consequence of someone IRL identifying you based on your reddit posts/comments?
What app on your phone do you wish you used more?
Why did ancient warlords like Darius III and Alexander The Great always have a stronger RIGHT flank?
Aliens of Reddit, how is your life without quarantine?
What is the scariest story that you have experienced?
What if "humor", an intangible concept, was another solution to the Stanford's riddle?
Who is the worst person to hane existed that not many people have heard of and why?
People of Reddit, what do you find annoying about us VSCO Girls?
Give the power of magic users in the Harry Potter universe, Whouldnt humans be justified in burning them at the stack being they pose a real danger to Human society?
What color comes to mind when listening to your favorite song?
Fellow Americans of United States land, what is your favourite nuclear launch code?
How do you react to people posting random covid info to support another agenda?
why did you hate your neighbor?
If you were to be a youtuber/are one, what would be/is your intro?
should you tell a work colleague you have feelings for them? why?
Whats the most boomer thing you have done?
Steam / Valve Corp. Is there any chance to take out money from Steam account? by using some kind of services without scammers? lul
What is the best comeback /insult to body shamers you have ?
What are some interesting one hour long videos that are perfect for this time?
If your reddit posts were your "body of work," how would the NY Times Obituary section describe it?
What movie gave you the best cinema experience?
When searching in google, how many of you actually go to the second page or beyond?
Ex-cops of Reddit whats the worst thing you've seen or encountered on a night shift?
What do 12 year olds do after they confessed their feelings to their crush?
Why we need to make the bed?
How do you like your avocado?
If you could kill off any character from a current television show, who would it be?
What is your favorite sad movie?
Who is the most humble person you know?
Do you know any truely respectable people? What makes them respectable?
What movie confused you and why?
What was the worst movie you have ever seen?
If you have a computer. What is your set up?
REDDITORS What’s the grossest thing that’s happened to you during sex?
Redditors in long-distance relationships, how do you make it work? If it didn’t work out, what happened?
What do you do around your crush?
For those of you who wear a facemask while driving alone in your car, why do you do it?
To what extent is Reddit a microcosm of the world in general?
Since most of us are just sitting around doing nothing, what online games/text games (Not NSFW) do you play with your SO/crush?
Redditors who drink and enjoy sparkling water how and why?
Men of Reddit, what do you think of Bella Hadid?
What is your favourite treat?
What small thing are you still mad about?
What’s a song you can listen to over and over?
In what ways could digital text-based workplace meetings be advantageous to meetings in person?
What's a wise and inspirational saying about life you've just made up on the spot?
People who used the app kik back in its prime, what was that like and what did you use it for?
What movie franchise needs to die?
[SERIOUS] How did you get out of an abusive home ?
Self isolated of Reddit, what do you miss the most from outside ?
What’s a weird dream you had recently?
What is the best porn site that you adore it? (NSFW)
When did reddit become fascist?
Why does someone not realize how drunk they are until they go to the toilet and look at themselves in the mirror?
Anyone that listens to white/brown noise at night, do you ever get on a weird frequency where you can pick up different sound or beat patterns coming from the white noise?
What would make you take your life?
Describe how your dream home will look like?
Where does consciousness come from and why is someone else not you?
People who live alone, what are you doing this weekend?
People who are picky with dating, how is your romantic life right now?
Have you ever seen an ad that made you squirm at how disturbing it was?
If the stereotype for moving to Hollywood is to *Become an Actor or Singer* , What is the stereotype for moving to your city?
People of Reddit who are estranged from their mothers because of their stepfathers, what is your story? Which parts were hard? Which parts were easy? What do you miss? What regrets do you have? How did you let go of resentment?
Good or bad, what country really didn't live up to your expectations when you visited?
How does it feel to have never found love? How does one cope up?
What is the laziest thing you have done/seen someone do?
What’s the next thing you are going to do today after Reddit?
Why isn't everyone buying up OJ and Vitamin C / multivitamins hell even mucinex during the Covid19?
When have you witnessed a tiny mistake turn into a massive problem?
Ex-alcoholists of reddit, what did you do while drunk that made you stop drinking afterwards?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever heard someone try to pull off?
Reddit.Who is the best tsundere?
What’s something you recently learnt about yourself?
What changes need to be made in porn?
People of Reddit, what's the best way to kill time at home?
What is the best app to chat with other foreign people?
Teachers, What is the stupidest question a student has asked you?
What’s something that makes you happy?
What is the dumbest way you’ve been injured?
how do you stop being jealous? why?
The year is 3000, what do you hope doesn't exist anymore?
When did you start masturbating / jerking off?
What are some good sci-fi movies (like Demolition man, Total recall, EVENT Horizon, Gattaca, Chappie etc.) to watch now?
When a woman goes to the Dr and they ask “when was your last period” is there a male equivalent to that question?
What Is The Best Thread Chain?
What causes those weird holes in the middle of pizzas?
If all the posters in your room came to life, which side would win, Good or Evil?
How many passwords do you think you currently have?
Where is the last place you would ever go?
What was your dream job as a child and what is it now?
What would your Yelp review of Reddit say?
How the FUCK did people figure out that you can dip a stick in black shit, and smack that stick into skin to make the skin permanantly a different color?
How often do you pee?
When did you realize you were not the problem?
How You Can Make Money Online Without A Website. Visit https://dailynewsvip.com/2RbH6aW to get your reports completely free. Please don´t forget to download all three of them to maximise your revenues. We appreciate your feedback or comments after downloading our free reports.
What's the first thing you would do knowing that tomorrow is your last day on earth?
What is the best way for you to get a new nickname to stick amongst your friends and family?
Men of reddit if you burned your dick off entirely with a blowtorch what would happen to your virginity?
What communities would you recommend to a reddit newbie? Why?
What's that one thing that you wish you hadn't done?
Mermaids of reddit, how do you keep the sharks away?
What's all this on 5G causing Covid-19 and why are people actually believing it?
What is the worst thing to say before "I learned that the hard way"?
Men and women of reddit, how would you feel if your SO randomly told you they were at the center of a gangbang?
LGBT people with homophobic parents of reddit, whats the worst thing your parents have done to you because of your sexuality?
What good games did you discover because of the Epic Games free game offers?
What kind of questions do you wish were posted on this sub?
Adults and kids of Reddit what are you doing for your birthday?
What was the weirdest thing you called something before you realized what its real name was?
What are best pick up lines in these times (dating apps)?
What piece of tech would you bring back to the ancient world to awe the locals(assuming it fully functions in a standalone manner, so no need to plug in the blender and stuff like that)?
What movie do you wish you could experience for the first time all over again?
What's the process behind shifting factory productions from other goods to masks and hand sanitizers?
What’s your favourite song?
[serious] Single people of Reddit, what do you miss the most about having a gf/bf?
God's of Reddit. What do you see up there?
The entire world enters into a game of hide and go seek, winner gets $100,000,000. Where do you hide to make sure you are found last?
Parents of Reddit, what would you do if your kid is saying they have a religion other than yours?
What are some suggestions for group games while stuck at home?
Whats the funniest way you've hurt yourself
People who have experienced the Mandela Effect, what is your experience?
People of reddit, how do you avoid getting hit on in public?
Gamers of Reddit, who's the most flaming person you met in a game that played better than you
Introverts, how did you find love?
What range/heights of good should happen according to you by the end of the year which would make you forget the first 3 months ?
People who were involved in r/place, what groups were you in? Do you have any specific memories of it?
What is the creepiest/weirdest thing you have ever heard on the radio?
What is the real definition of crazy?
What does this 3 lead ekg reading mean, link in post?
Trump said the CDC and his administration now recommend that people wear face masks while out in public. But he said he would not be wearing a mask because he’s worried how it would look. It would look like he’s leading by example. Why would he not wear a mask?
Men of reddit if you burn your dick off with a blowtorch is your virginity reinstated?
What movie would you watch to impress a significant other?
You suddenly wake up in a universe where there is no reddit and ig and tiktok have taken over the world, what do you do?
What is your favourite apparition from movies/books and why?
[serious] What do you miss the most about having a gf/bf?
Gamers of Reddit, what game made absolutely no sense before you actually played it?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What has been a surprise for you on 4.4.2020 which can be written as 4.4.4?
Which game do i buy: doom (2016) or gta vc?
If you’re a black girl who has experienced a “Camila&amp;Normani“ friendship (aka Latina/Hispanic friend that was racist and mean to you but was never called out because she’s pretty/popular/talented, What are your stories?
Who the hell is Jared Kushner and why is he involved in anything?
Suggestions for group games while stuck at home?
What is the rudest thing you have experienced while eating dinner at a friend's house?
What is it with those redditors who comment only twice on reddit once a day/week?
What’s a good book to read?
Who is the most interesting person you've ever met?
In a time of uncertainty, what attributes can a leader show employees that show humility and transparency that can ease anxiety?
Have you ever had a Mandela Effect experience?
[Serious] NSFW - what would be your ideal sexual encounter right now?
What are the greatest pleasures of human existence?
What makes someone a nerd?
What's the most passive aggressive emoji?
People of reddit, what do you usually do at 4am when everyone is sleeping? And are you proud of what you do ?
People with awards on reddit, how does it feel like?
What scientific facts are hard to believe but indeed true?
Why is Sweden acting like normal?
What is the best business to start now?
[SERIOUS] How did you get out of an abusive home ?
Stand users of Reddit, what are some obvious signs that someone might be a Stand User?
what is one thing someone did that made you change your opinion on them?
Military people of Reddit, what is your funniest" last order given" story?
would you meet for dates now? why?
yo Reddit what was the weirdest flex you've seen that actually impressed you?
What kind of industries do you see as most profitable in the coming days and months?
Boomers of Reddit, what did your parents/grandparents generation do or believe that you found to be ridiculous and backwards, as some Millennials seem to feel that you are today?
What's the dumbest excuse you've ever told, and it worked?
People of Reddit, have you ever been arrested, Why?
People, who play games with inverted controls, why?
How do you like your Chicken Wings; Breaded or Un-breaded?
What's the first thing you'll do after this crisis is over?
To the people of reddit who have either thought or tried to commit suicide, what made you think and stop?
Non-native speakers of Reddit, what's something you just don't get about the English language?
What is Reddit Premium like and how does it feel to get an award?
An alien destroyer is passing by earth in 1 year and you've gotta convince every human to shut off all electronics to stay quiet as it passes by, for just 24 hours, how do you do it?
Redditors with siblings, how do you get around sibling rivalry?
You only have one month left to live, what are you doing with your time?
What are some useful skills, certificates, etc. that would help start your career or further it?
You can grab a 1TB hardrive worth of content from the internet with you and go back to 2010. What do you download and why?
Blackjack and poker dealers of reddit, who is the sorest loser you have seen?
What is the best dream you’ve had?
People who have tried or thought of committing suicide, what made you stop?
[Serious] Should infidelity/cheating on one's spouse be illegal in the U.S.? Why/why not?
What's the most commonly used phrase/expression on Reddit?
What's the best way to re heat Macdonalds?
What are your plans for the day?
Wrestling fans, what is the best backstage shoot fight story?
What are you currently looking forward to?
Former homeless people of reddit how did you get out from your situation?
What are your quarantine plans for today?
What YouTubers under 50k subs do you like?
DND players of reddit, what is your favorite race/class to play as?
What's a feminine version of Simp?
When was the last time you had an orgasm in your sleep?
What is your comfort “thing”?
What was the thing that you regret for not doing?
How is your employer/manager incompetent?
Ladies of reddit, how can you tell if a guy has never been with a girl before?
What is a good book to buy for people who never read?
Stab victims, where and how did you get stabbed, and what did it feel like?
How to get an answer to a question that sounds very suspicious and could get you on FBI list, even tho really that question is normal?
People who have learnt a second language, what are you pieces of advice or strategies?
What's the best joke one can tell at work in order to instantly get fired?
Gay people of Reddit, why are you gay?
Who will you never trust again and what did they do?
What is the weirdest/most embarassing "I forgot how to act normal" situation you've ever encountered?
Why does soda at McDonald’s taste better than at anyplace else?
What would happen if the world lost internet for a whole week? (Serious)
What are the Approved SBA Lenders for the CARE act that do not require pre-existing credit account? Like millions of small business owners I am looking for working capital. I received an email from BOA to apply for the PPP loan, apparently I do not qualify because I don't have a line of credit.
The CDC states we should all be wearing masks when in public. Do bandannas count as basic cloth, or will that raise issues?
What is that one kink you always felt nervous bringing up to your SO and if you did how did the conversation go?
What's the most weirdest belief the you grew up on?
Could "humor", an intangible concept, be another solution to the Stanford's riddle?
Let’s throwaway some time! Redditers what’s some of your worst life decision that could possibly help younger kids make better decisions in life?
People who hoarded in toilet paper, what were you thinking ?
At what point did you have an epiphany that changed your outlook on life forever?
Researchers of reddit, is there a study on how cigarettes burn?
Why are poor people?
[Serious] When was a moment you thought 'oh. i'm in big trouble now'
How to create a subreddit and grow a community here?
Have you ever been Carole Baskin’d by someone in real life? What happened?
What is something you want to rant about?
Doctors of Reddit, have you ever refused to treat a patient or regretted doing it? Have you ever wished for a patient of yours to not get better? If yes, then why? Do you regret it?
When you realize that you’re wrong in the middle of a heated argument, do you admit it or not? Why?
you know that you and your homie are about to get it on when___?
A highschool bully just insulted you in front of the whole school. Your last text was your reply. What would be your reply?
What caused you to pull that pointless all-nighter?
What would the repercussions if half of the United state’s died from corona virus?
What is something that you know doesn't work, but do anyway?
Do you know anyone who’s a flat earther? What’s that like?
I am compiling a list of companies and individuals who took advantage of the Corona Virus, so we can remember when this is all over. What are some examples of such poor excuses for humans?
What should you be able to put your penis in and not be ashamed for?
What are some stats on small children or babies getting The Rona?
People of Reddit, how long will it take for humanity to be an interplanetary civilization?
Your ex is the person that determines if you go to heaven or hell. How do you convince them to let you go to heaven?
At what point did you realise your life and situation isn’t nearly as bad as others?
what are the best song lyrics you can say during sex?
What are some horrible things Nestle has done?
What did you find while snooping that you wish you had never found?
[Serious] People who beat depression, what actually helped in the end, and are there any residual symptoms?
Throwaway accounts of Reddit, what did you create your throwaway for?
What’s your opinion about Russian?
What is a president?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the most Reddit thing you, as a Redditor, have seen on Reddit?
[Serious] People that don’t use Reddit, why?
Males of reddit , if you will describe your "package" to someone without becoming explicit how would you do it?
What's something you used to be proud of as a kid, but now realize it actually sucks?
Reddit, whats your prediction of the future?
When has someone made you hate what you loved/liked?
People that don’t game, what do you use your home computer for the most?
What's the most horrible thing that you have than when you were at school?
What are some uncommen uses for bricks instead of building?
Have you ever been dating with Russian?
What is a question for which you are yet to find an answer?
Dogs of reddit, how does it feel to be a good boy?
How is the black market handling the crisis?
What hurts you most about the way life works?
You can ask a question to whoever you want, and she/he has to answer it. It could be someone who passed away. To whom and which is your question?
Why does Netflix allow certain places to view certain anime and not others. It's annoying being In one of the few countries that get very little anime on Netflix.
What's your childhood fear?
What is the most satisfying but "disgusting" feeling in the world?
What do you have to say to people who think Tiktok is the new Vine?
What question have you yet to find an answer for?
Redditors who have worked on a popular online game/MMO, have you ever used advanced knowledge of game changes/patches to your advantage? Were there any rules against this?
What was the creepiest/strangest thing that happened to you as a kid that no one else believes?
What is something that you used to be proud of as a kid, but now realize it actually sucks as an adult?
What are the best slangs in history?
What are some great tips for saving money as a 17yo with little job experience and no job?
People of Reddit who've committed suicide, how much do you regret it?
What's the thing that you want the most in this world?
Have you ever found that you became less angry after taking things less seriously or less personally? What are your thoughts on this topic?
What is the weirdest way you've solved a problem?
What cloth face mask can a business professional wear in public?
IT peeps of reddit, what was the thing that you caught someone actually using their work computer for?
People who post every single detail of their lives on social Media without getting money from it, why ?
How are you doing?
What is the most important specs of a computer for programming?
What should you say or not say before going down on your sister?
Why am I not hearing of small children or babies getting The Rona?
What are not-normal things that your parents do as an act-of-affection that embarrasses you but you still secretly want and cherish?
Hackers of reddit. What was the craziest shit you found on someone's pc?
Redditors from USA, what are your thoughts on Edward Snowden?
What is the dumbest porn story you've ever seen or read?
Gamers of Reddit, what's your favorite FPS game (multi/single) and what are good sides and bad sides of the game?
What do you think is an underrated color?
What movie do you want to watch for the first time and why?
What brings you nostalgia?
How big are Oprah's knockers?
Healthcare workers &amp; first responders: if you knew then what was coming, would you have still chosen this field of work?
What workplace dream have you had in which yours or another's actions would have resulted in being fired ten times over in IRL?
Married men of Reddit, how did you propose to your spouse?
Why do babies look so stupid?
Ex-inmates of Reddit, what was the most wholesome thing you say while in prison?
What is the worst advice about finding yourself that someone has given to you?
Has your friend died? When yes, Who and when?
Can someone please tell me how big Oprah's breasts are?
(Wrong answers only) What weapon will you use while attempting to rob the bank?
Chefs/cooks of Reddit, how do you feel when a person doesn't appreciate your dish?
How can a automobile factory be quickly repurpose for manufacturing medical equipment (ventilator)?
What is the weirdest ad you’ve seen on a porn site?
What’s your most surreal experience you’ve lived through, and that your friends thought you were “just too high” to take seriously?
What crazy moneymaking scheme are you convinced would make you rich if you had the time/patience to commit to it?
If the moon has controls the tides (because of gravity) , more than the sun does, then why don't we revolve around the moon?
Death Row inmates of Reddit, what was your last meal?
What is something you've seen so much ads for that you won't buy it?
Chefs/Cooks of Reddit, how does you feel when a person doesn't appreciate your dish?
If each Branch of mathematics was an aisle at a local "Math Depot", what tools would the aisle contain (name of tool and why)?
What is your favourite color of the alphabet? True or False?
Have you ever had a significant other make a false claim against you that caused you to get arrested?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
What was the biggest scandal at your high school?
What was your turning point?
Which expensive food is overrated/tastes bad?
What is the best type of bear?
Which animal could demolish a person if they wanted but are friendly?
Imagine porn is a fully immersive, virtual service available at exclusive clubs. You can participate in anything, with the promise of privacy upheld by the industry for years. One day, records are breached; your entire activity history goes public. What do you explain to your SO first?
Men of Reddit, who is your celebrity man crush?
Atheists of reddit, what's your most spiritual experience?
What event did you declare would signal the end of the world, which then actually happened, making you the cause of this nightmare we're experiencing?
Which expensive food is overrated?
2020 has had at least 1 horrible thing happen each month so far. People of Reddit, what are your theories on the trials of April and May?
What was the weirdest thing you have ever heard from your boss?
What would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic?
What are some positive side-effects the present crisis will bring?
What are the chances of trump to win the coming election after all the things he done and said ?
How deep are guns rooted into American culture ?
I clicked by accident on a unknown hentai website and it suddenly directed me to a hentai game pop up, does my computer catch viruses because of that?
What are the most overpriced sneakers in your opinion?
[Serious] Homeless people of Reddit, what’s your story? What is the best way to truly help you and those in your situation?
My gf found her favorite fruit disgusting and is late is she pregnant?
Could "humor" be another solution to the Stanford's riddle? If God represents virtue, the devil represents evil. What the poor have and what the rich need are relative notions. « If we eat it, we die » could apply to anything intangible, including « nothing ».
What's something that you know you have more than one of, but can never find when you need it?
People who have been targeted by gangs. How did you get out of that situation?
People who have made contact with their hero, did they meet your expectations? Why?
What is in your opinion a reasonable price to kill someone if it was guaranteed that no one would ever find out it was you?
What was your best experience in college?
AuPairs of reddit, what has been your craziest experience while aupairing?
People with jobs that give advice (doctor, therapist, dentist, etc.), how often do you practice what you preach?
Which movie is better - 21 or 22 Jump Street, and why?
[SERIOUS] Humans of Reddit, what happened when you felt that you're no longer of control of what's going around you or with you, like everything is slipping away, or just carrying you despite your will and you can't do anything other than just watch. How did you take back the control?
When somebody asks you to say hi to someone (mom, wife, brother etc.) do you actually do it?
Assume a planet, the same size as our moon, inhabited by creatures proportionate to it as humans are to Earth. How would these creatures compare to us in size?
What are some mindblowing statistics?
What goes through your mind when you do groceries in exceptional times like this ?
Has your community developed something good because of quarantine?
Rats of Reddit, what does it feel like to bother someone's home?
We can now access alternate reality internet and they can access ours in a merge of webs. What happens to the world?
(Wrong answers only) What's your deep dark secret?
People who have received a love letter (not text message but an ACTUAL love letter on paper), how did you feel about it? Did you reply? What if it was from someone you had previously rejected or ghosted?
[Serious] What’s the most offended you’ve ever been?
What are some things you can say at the gym and during sex?
What is the worst case of snitching you have encountered?
What is the name of your favourite movie, but written like a Youtube clickbait title?
What is your go to destination?
do you believe in everything happens for a reason? why?
People of Reddit, what places do you plan to visit in the future?
How are you feeling?
Hello, askreddit, If one quote could summarise you, what would it be?
Gamers of reddit, what game what game did you have not faith in but turned out to be amazing?
Members with schizophrenia, what are the negative and positive things about having schizophrenia?
People who assumed someone doesn’t speak their language just to be burned later - what’s the story?
What percent of sounds in a movie, is recorded by the actual camera it self?
Redditors with autism, or caregivers of someone on the spectrum, how have you dealt with the change in routine forced on by these recent times?
What's something the whole situation currently has tought you?
What jobs requires a strong stomach?
What does “S/He feels like home” mean?
Dear reddit, what is the worst bridezilla that you ever had the displeasure to meet?
Redditers how does this whole karma thing work?
How will your favorite TV character fare in the COVID-19 pandemic?
What books you've been reading these past couple days?
What is the consensus on making barbers and hairdressers an essential service?
What's a good "reformed villain interacts with fallen hero" scene?
(Wrong answers only) Who's staring at you the whole night?
What fingernail do you always cut first?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever Done?
What was the weirdest dream you've ever had as far as you remember?
What happened to SARS? SARS just seemed to dissapear. What happened to it?
Which of your partner's quirks/traits would let you identify them in a "bodysnatchers" style scenario?
If you were interested in reducing the human population what would the most effective non-violent and covert methods?
Redditors what does your morning routine look like?
What subs annoy you enough to make you consider leaving yet not so much that you actually do?
People of Reddit, how do you make your phone more secure?
Redditors what’s you worst school experiences?
2020 crazy so far. What do you think will happen in May?
Do you think it is ignorant to create art about grief/loss/miscarriage without experiencing such tragedy? What if an artist is trying to portray human experiences that are meant to be reflected upon?
People who are now stuck at home, what are the new purchases you’ve made?
Person diagnosed with C-19, how are you feeling emotionally/physically right now?
[Serious] How many people can you tell a secret to before it stops being a secret? Also, what's your story of a secret stopping to be a secret?
People that have seen someone been murdered/killed what's your story?
Who is taking a massive dump right now?
When did you realize you had a foot fetish and what made you realize it?
How many of you guys had started a business just before the outbreak and how are you dealing with it ?
What are some weird/wonderful animal facts that you know?
Which fictional character defines you the most and why?
People of reddit who are the weirdest people you have encountered?
Why some people believe in conspiracy theories? Is there a scientific answer?
What do most young people miss when going independent?
What’s something your mum doesn’t know?
What would you do if you know you couldn't fail?
If u get to meet some after ages, whom would you like to meet?
People who play Smash Ultimate, who‘s your main and why?
Okay so I once stumbled across a r/ that showed every new post now I can’t find it anyone know how?
It's double 420 day today. How're you going to celebrate 4/4/2020?
In what moment in your life would Bob Ross be most proud of you?
Redditors who have had careers working from home and careers outside of home, which do you prefer and why?
Former residents of California, what do you miss most about the state?
What's something that your friend wanted to stole from you?
Why do people believe in conspiracy theories? There was a good scientific explanation, but I can’t find it now
Buying a used car from a private seller, with everything going on, how does one give due process to the titling, registration, insurance, etc., with DMV shut down?
Now that the pollution is down, what is visible now that you couldn't see before?
What should you not say before going down on someone you dong know?
What has cornovairus taught you?
What parts of the movie "As above, so below" do you think are real life scenarios when it comes to Paris Catacombs?
What do you think of when the date is April 4th?
Dear redditors what the most difficult dilemma have you experienced?
During this time of crisis, what are you thankful for?
Redditors born on April 20th (4/20), in which year are you going to tun 69?
People of Reddit: What is the People of Reddit?
How old were you when you learned crushes aren’t love and how much did it cost you?
People who were forced into religion by your parents, did you ever come to terms with it or did you reject the idea?
People of Reddit who initially mocked and ignored stay-at-home recommendations, but now take them seriously, why did you feel that way, and what changed your mind? [Serious]
Mermaids of reddit, how do you deal with your menstrual cycle?
What is the best way to breakup with ur gf?
What video game do you think is underrated?
Why do some people stick out their tongue while concentrating?
If you could live the lives of every human that ever existed and will exist, would you? Why?
What is your favorite chip flavor?
What's the wisest piece of advice an older family member has given to you?
Hey reddit: what was your schoolyard chant?
What are some Subreddits with “actual” good HD homemade porn?
People that tested positive for Covid 19 but had very mild symptoms or were asymptomatic. How did your feel and how come you were tested?
Who is the most overrated artist ever?
People who actually died and came back to life, what was on the other side?
(Wrong answers only) What object can you bring inside a strip club?
Yo reddit, what do you refuse to be ashamed of, no matter what anyone says?
When do you think the world will be normal again? And what will the new normal look like?
Non Americans , what did you felt about America after watching the tiger king?
What lesson has Covid-19 taught you so far?
Belgians of Reddit, how cringe do you find it when Dutch people try to speak in your accent?
What should you say right before you die in front of your family?
People who feel dead on inside, what's your reason and when do you feel alive?
What are the best RPG or MMORRPG with necromancer class??
What stops you individually from upvoting a comment/post?
High school geeks of Reddit, where are you now?
What is you best memory?
What movie impacted you the most?
What would be a logical 6th sense?
What thing is nostalgic and brings you back to your childhood?
USB SUPER NINTENDO CONTROLLER- online game issue on Mac
Can someone do a favor if you can send chat request when you get this?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
Russians of Reddit, how is it going?
You are in the Jurassic world dna chamber. You have 1 hour to design the best dinosaur. What do you make to cause the most havoc/confusion?
Who created the blinding lights TikTok challenge?
For the people who got cheated on to someone way below your league. How did you cope up?
People who dislike normal videos on youtube, why?
What’s the best one ingredient recipe?
Students of reddit, what are your top sources of motivation that keep you study hard?
What should you always do after murdering someone?
How do you eat shrimp?
In exactly one week, all your senses will be taken away from you. What do you do in preparation?
Those who reload their gun after shooting one bullet in a video game, why?
Why/ why not would the world be better if everyone was more open and honest with eachother?
What is something you don’t want to forget ?
We can consume only liquid and solid matter to remain alive, what if gas was also edible what would be the dishes?
What are apps you’ve had on your phone for so long but never actually use?
What are some of the most evil and cruel things youve seen someone do in real life?
Which country is filled with the worst and which country has the best type of people?
If you got an invitation to join Super Smash, what would be your move set?
A dish best served cold - What is your most satisfying story of sweet revenge?
What is the most disgusting looking food you have tasted that is amazing?
What are the apps you’ve had on your phone for so long, but you never actually use?
People of reddit what is a stupid decision you made that got you in a near death situation?
What song will always be a banger no matter what?
If your username was also your superhero name then what would your powers be?
If one song could describe 2020 so far, what would it be?
What is the grossest looking food but tastes amazing
Do American’s eat Haribo
What is the weirdest comparison you’ve seen a person make?
If you were to set your own record, what would it be?
When are you thinking in coming to Portugal?
Is he sending me mixed signals or does he just not like me?
What's messed up about USA?
If your your username gave you a superpower, what would it be?
Why are gay people so gay?
What’s a board game/card game that everyone should learn to play?
What’s the most terrifying thing a kid could say to you?
Parents of Reddit. What's the biggest parental error/mistake you made?
Boys of Reddit with long hair, how's life?
Who are you glad you cut out off your life?
[Serious]Which celebrity or important figure that died make the world feel a little more lonelier?
Hi fellow bombers. Where to share zoom/Google Meet-links and find meetings to bomb?
Whats something you can say during Legaue of Legends and sex?
Which social media platforms do you think have been blessed by Pepe?
How can I host a private listening party or viewing party of a YouTube playlist for remote gatherings during COVID-19?
Architects of Reddit, what's the most annoying request that has come in to a project of yours?
Wahmens of reddit, how does it feel to seek respect and then end up being disrespected by your fellow men?
Former virgins of reddit, why was your first time different than you expected?
Old people of reddit, what do you regret not doing?
When were you falsely accused of doing something wrong?
People working on drive thru what is the most unique/strange event you have ever experienced?
How long do you think it will take until large gatherings will be allowed again in the USA?
What's the best thing you read on Reddit?
What is a cryptid/creature you 100% believe is true?
So, How's 2020 treating you?
What does it say about somebody who doesn't date?
[serious] What political change does your country need?
If Hitler was Hitler today, and Hitler cloning machine. You hold world hostage with Hitler Clone Hitler Unlimited Hitler. What hold hostage with exchange for Hitler Hitler?
People of Reddit, how do you pronounce Nevada?
Extroverts of reddit, how did you learn to socialize?
Can you think of musicians/groups who wrote and recorded their masterpiece at the end of their career — not in the early or middle stage?
What is the rumour you have heard that you believed to be true?
Lazy people of reddit, what are your experiences (if any) of resubmitting an essay or paper you did yourself for two different assignments?
What are the chances that you will leave or cheat on your boyfriend if your sex life ain’t good?
What Christopher Hitchens would have to say about the current political environment of the USA?
( please upvote) What is the rumour you have heard that you believed to be true?
Are animals also infected with the covid-19 virus?
Redditors who quit a high-paying job due to stress: what finally made you quit?
How do you link a subreddit in a comment?
What is a small thing that makes you angry?
What’s the most scary thing someone can say to you?
which is that one series that has ended but you want it to come back?
What is your favourite piece of literature that you would recommend to someone?
What was the weirdest thing that new student in your school did to impress others?
What is the oldest thing you have and still use today?
What is a great 2-word song that Autoplay put on for you?
What are your thoughts on parallel universes?
Who is the most erudite Trump supporter you can think of?
In the movie The Age of Adeline, Ellis’ parents live in this amazing stone house with ivy growing on it. I’m guessing it was located in Vancouver, but I just can’t seem to find the actual house anywhere. Can anyone help, so I can look it up and gaze longingly at this beautiful building?
People that were marked as the "gifted kid" in school, why and how did that affect your school years?
What's the drama at your work (besides not being able to go)?
If Disney bought DC instead of Marvel, how would the universes be different?
What is a sub you love that is not very well-known?
Dear males of reddit, have you ever invited your male friend and his girlfriend over to your house and asked to watch brokeback mountain? If so what happened after?
What is one thing that is cringe?
What house rules you found in one of your friends` houses that really makes no sense to you?
How do you feel about health care workers quitting right now? [Serious]
What's the most expensive thing your cat has ever knocked over?
(ex) Homeless people of reddit, where was your family when you were/are homeless?
4:30 am gang, who’s up now and why are you up so early?
Is anyone in a really awesome lockdown situation? I'm on a farm with plenty of supplies. There's ample room for long walks, fresh air etc. Downside, my only social contact is my parents and I really miss having female company and friends around. Has anyone got a better situation?
What are some good anime shows to binge these days?
Users of Reddit, how do you deal with embarrassment or excitement in some situations?
(Serious) what's been a simple yet effective thing that's been helping you get through the day?
How would you complete this sentence: ‘Donald Trump is...’?
Are tech reviewers out of touch with consumer needs? Why and why not?
What is your favorite subreddit?
People of Reddit, what are some arguments that prove we can't build a civilization without money?
What were your childhood imaginary characters?
How did you come up with your Gamertag?
(Wrong answers only) Who will sleep beside you for a night?
People of Reddit, what are some arguments that prove we could build a civilization without money?
Why do you like Reddit more than Facebook?
What movie quote best describes your life right now?
How do you stop your daughter growing up to be a dumb slut?
People who trash talk teammates in online games, why do you do it? Regardless of their performance - is it worth attacking someone?
What's something you've fought for in life (not necessarily literally)?
Hello gamers, so I’m doing a school project about Gamertags. It would be very nice if you could tell me how you got yours. I hope you're having a good day, thanks in advance.
People of Reddit, what that prove we could build a civilization without money?
Serious. 10mil Americans have lost jobs. What new job opportunities will there be when this is over?
Why do cuts hurt more after awhile than when you actually got cut
How to easily make customized face masks?
What’s a good way to get rid of bad habits?
Old people of Reddit, what are some of the more light-hearted signs of aging that we can all look forward to?
What do you regret?
I live in the same country as Putin, ask questions
What are good subreddits for complaining and venting about relationships now that we're all trapped at home together?
What year do you wish you can go back to and why, what was do good about that year?
What's the best way to cook spam?
If you had a radio station but you couldn't play any songs or audio books, what would you talk about to keep people entertained?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Gang members of reddit, whats the most messed up thing you’ve seen/done?
If you were turned into a fish for throwing rubbish in the river, what will be the first thing you will do when you change back and get out of the river ?
What is the best way to practice sex(without hiring escorts)?
What does success look like threw your eyes? How do you measure it?
What's a good, not super-competitive video game for multiple non-gamer friends to play together in self isolation?
How did you break a TV and when?
You are now the immortal ruler of any country at any period of history of your choice. Which one do you choose, when, and what do you do to achieve world domination?
What’s your favorite book?
What is your psychological subconscious trick to seduce a women?
People who have died and been revived, what is your opinion on religion?
How long? Just how long?
How did you break a TV and when.
What don't you like about Amazon reviewers?
[Serious] Redditors, what are some gift ideas for frontline workers?
What can you say at a 5 year olds birthday party and during sex?
What was your "yeah, its over" moment?
Dear redditors, what is a no-brainer to immediately end any relationship?
Language barriers aside (and also if the world was as is before 2020), where, in the entire world, would you want to reside as a permanent resident / citizen other than your current country?
You met your future self(10 years from now) What's the first thing you ask him/her?
How often are the words like "struneous", "haphazardly", "assiduous" and "encroach" used?
What do Non- Americans think of the Tiger King?
What can you say during a funeral and during sex?
How often do you save a question here with a lot of replies, and say to yourself that you’re gonna read the responses later?
What are your thoughts on people who claims(unsurprisingly, without any source) that ''Coronavirus is a planned manmade attempt on &lt;insert malicious intent&gt;''?
When did your 15 minutes of fame happen?
What actually good things have come from Trump’s presidency?
What actor/actress has the best agent based on quality of actor/quality of role ratio?
How does one deal with emotionally damaging someone else?
What is something everyone needs to do in their life?
Which fictional character did you fall for?
Apps of reddit, what app are you and why should you be nominated for the "best app of the year" awards?
What is the thing you want to do the most after the lockdown?
People from Minnesota, what's it like there?
You wake up and it’s the year 2017, what are some things you should warn people of before it happens?
For those you who are able to work from home right now, what are your jobs?
What do you hope you’ll never forget?
Redditors part of the lgbtq+ community, when and how did you realise?
How to make you smile?
When the people who took back the 30 dinars from Judas and instead of putting it where they should but rather bought a grave yard with it, what were they hoping for?
Why are bosses so mean?
Ex drug users of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have done or have experienced as an effect of a certain drug?
How's everybody doing at home?
Ladies of Reddit, do you watch porn? Why or why not? And if so which kind do you enjoy? What is it about it excites you?
What do people find normal, but is unsettling if you think about it?
[Serious] People who have explored illegal part of Paris Catacombs, what was your experience like?
What's the most out of character thing you or someone you know has done?
Redditors why do you mustarbate and if so is it wrong?If immoral can you justify that?
Redditors why do you mustarbate and if so is it wrong?If immoral can you justify that?
Lunch works what was the most disgusting food you served to people?
People who have a private pool, what is the strangest thing you have found in it?
People of Reddit, if you have the chance to meet your 5 year old self, what would you say?
What normal sentence becomes super weird by adding "one way or another"?
What is your greatest ‘hazing the newbies’ story?
When did you first realize you weren’t as important as your parents had originally made you think?
Who has the worst name out of all your siblings?
What is the difference between rough and filthy sex?
Ever had a teacher basically be your parent throughout school? What thoughtful things would they do?
You wake up amd it’s the year 2035. What does the world look like? How do you think your life is at this point?
If you could describe your life in the flavour of an imaginary ice cream, what would it be?
What podcast do you recommend?
Where is the best place to hide from Law Enforcement?
Which are the chances online relationships will last forever?
This moment will live in history. What key events of this time do you think will stand out?
What is the best fight you ever saw at school?
Can someone do a favor if you can send chat request when you get this?
Small people of reddit, what is your 1st choice for dating websites?
A young girl, wanting to be an adult, has consumed a potion, and now the change is starting. And she is now 1 year older then she was before she drank the potion. How has she changed?
What’s the scariest encounter you’ve had at school ?
Women of reddit who have had their nipples pierced, what was your reason to get pierced?
What will be the first place you visit when lockdown is over?
Americans on Reddit, what are your recents thoughts on the American President Donald Trump?
What are (question)-&gt;Is viagra really that dangerous( like the side effects for example not being able to get hard once you depended on it)?
Why instagram dont have dislike button ?
When was the last time you masturbated to the Quaker Oats guy?
Veterinarians of Reddit, what are your views on people owning exotic animals?
Gamers of reddit which game do you think is better? Minecraft or fortnite?
If you could move to any country/city, which one would it be and why?
If you could ban a reality show, which one would it be?
Native Americans, have you ever heard the term Amerindian, have you ever been called it, and most importantly how do you feel about that term?
What's one thing you wish you knew how to do?
If the virus killed all civilized humanity what first sign would the inhabitants of North Sentinel Island notice?
How to be not scared of death?
When have you been sick (threw up) at exactly the wrong moment?
Convenience store workers, how annoying is it when someone pays for items totally over $5 with quarters?
If you could see the world in 100 years or 1000 years, which would you choose?
What happens when 2 Starmen clash in Mario Kart?
What are some things you would do if you were a child again?
How can you make someone's day better?
How will the world not be the same after this pandemic?
Radiohead fans, how do you contain yourselves when Nude comes up?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done drunk?
what's the best use you can make of 50 cents google play gift?
The people who cheat in video games. Why you do it?
If you were a billionaire and you wanted to help one small poor country to prosper that would benefit most from your investment and donations which country would you choose and why?
When is the best time to wake up and why?
(Serious) Reddit, what is the most traumatizing thing that has happened to you and still scares you to this day?
when did you realise that your friends aren't the smartest in the world?
What have you been procrastinating over for years but no longer can?
Managers, what is the weirdest thing someone has said during a job interview?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
People of Reddit who cums on floors,bed etc how do you clean it?
Why are lyrics like "This goes out to all the underdogs" so cheesy?
What is something that you said recently that came out wrong?
What is the best thing to do nowadays?
If you were a billionaire and you wanted to help one country to prosper that would benefit most from your investment and donations which country would you choose and why?
What Ghibli movie is your favorite?
Which summer has been the best one of your life so far ?
On your death bed, you receive an offer. You may have revealed to you any truth(s) you wish. Is God real? What was before the big bang? Were JFK or Diana assassinated? Anything you like. In return, all your family and friends review your life. Every bad deed, sexual perversion and secret. Worth it?
What does an interviewee think when you have no questions for them?
[Serious]What is something that you did or has happened to you that you’ll never tell anyone and why?
What are the best Sex positions for a person having downwards curved penis(excluding doggystyle and reverse cowgirl)(asking for a friend)?
Why do some people get lovey doveh and super happy when they drink? Aslo super confident. (Serious)
Which is the best subreddit you've come across?
If you were transported to the medieval times, how would you impress people with your modern skills?
Why were you suddenly the bad guy?
What is the strangest way you found out your significant other was cheating on you?
What is it you want and what's stopping you from getting it?
Girls,ladies and overall women of Reddit, what was the most obvious sign from a guy that you completely missed?
What is a lie you tell yourself that you know isn’t true?
Whats something nice that a teacher has done for you?
People with pets, if your pet has gotten used to a new level of attention, what is your plan when the isolation ends?
How to give(girlfriend) some bomb sex(asking for a friend)?
if you have a personality disorder,whats it like in everyday life living with it?
Guys do you like it when girls were guys deodorant?
(Programming in java question) how do you turn a inputted string into a linked list and determine whether that linked list is a palindrome?
People of reddit who had been in a coma, what did waking up feel like?
If you could make a living with one of your hobbies, what would it be?
What are some good YouTube channels?
If you could change the title of a dramatic movie into something funny in order to deceive people into thinking it is a comedy, which movie would that be? What would be its new title?
Veterans of reddit what would you say is your proudest moment of service?
Americans: Are you voting? who are you voting for? Why/Why not?
Apparently the autobots here think it is inappropriate to ask if women are jealous of guy because they can pee while standing. Why is that?
What is your dating a narcissist story?
What will you do when the random chimp event occurs?
AUDIBLE 1 credit dilemma... Suggestions please on what to spend my hard earned credit on, I usually veer towards Stephen King or crime but pretty open to new ideas..
Think of a post you saved recently. What is the first that comes to your mind?
In the eventuality of death, what would you want to be thinking about as you leave this plain?
How quickly have you ever become uninterested in somebody? What happened?
What word has lost its meaning?
Why do you love Elizabeth Olsen?
People who were abused in foster care, what was it like? Were you forced to clean? How often/how were you hurt?
How fair is it to say that "attractive bias" is stronger than any other privilege (white privilege, straight privilege, male privilege etc)?
What is the best way of preparing for bed and getting a good night's sleep?
Who do you think is the most messed up person on earth?
Why do you love Elizabeth Olsen?
what’s your biggest regret in life ?
Why do we tolerate Muslims?
Anime Weebs of Reddit, which Anime started your passion?
With all the negatives in the world currently, what's something positive that's happened to you recently?
What is the purpose of goldfishes?
what movies have the best cinematography?
How do you guys stay motivated?
Students who've dated their teachers/professors: Did it work out and did you get caught?
Couples of Reddit, what are some fun and unique sex position to try for someone who has only had vanilla sex?
Bilingual people of Reddit, when did you accidentally say something inappropriate in the other language? What happened?
How fair is it to say that "attractive" privilege is stronger than white, straight, male, or any other privilege?
Which movie made a huge impact on your life?
Teachers who've dated their students: Did it work out and did you get caught?
You have a ability to send message to yourself 5 years in the past, what will you write?
What's the most savage, socially unacceptable comeback you can think of when asked why you don't have children?
What's the most non important job you can have?
If you were in the TV-show friends, what would your two clips in the intro be?
How hot is Aunt Jemima?
Has anyone run out of toilet paper if so what did you do?
Why are some people so perfect?
What was/is the most delusional person you knew/know convinced of?
why remove caronavirous from this world?
If you could combine the setting + characters of one game with the gameplay mechanics of another, what would be your perfect game?
You can change a sentence in any article of Wikipedia, and it will stay there forever, what do you change?
Which fictional character do you think has the best name?
who do you think is the most attractive animated female and male character? and why?
In the video game world, whose cock would you ride?
Whos the best actor from your opinion?
What makes a man turn neutral?
What's the most creative way you've managed to waste a scammers time?
Engineers of Reddit, what's the jankiest, sweat-worthy solution to a problem you've seen that makes you question everything you've learned?
You turn into a bear due to a reaction from honey, whilst at your friends wedding. You escape before you change and spend the day in the woods. What are you going to hate most about this experience when you change back ?
What's the best mistake you've ever made?
[Serious] North Americans, how much do guns matter to YOU?
What can we learn from trump?
What is the use of awards ???
Why Redditors love mom jokes?
What's the most wholesome thing you've ever experienced on this platform?
What’s the most disturbing thing you would do for a 100 bucks?
What is your weird/hidden talent?
What are some cheap hobbies to take up?
How are your pets reacting to you not petting them anymore because of the current situation?
Where were you on September 11th 2001 when the attacks happened?
Straight men of reddit, what is your opinion on girlfriend/wife following female-friendly (dick) reddit porn?
The world is pretty garbage right now, so let's try to rekindle some hope! What's something good and/or wholesome that has happened recently?
Financial advisors of Reddit, what are some of the worst debt situations clients have come to you with?
Reddit, what was the most disturbing thing, you saw while using a public bathroom?
Workers of Reddit have you ever witnessed someone get fired on the spot, if so what happened?
For the sake of history and comedians everywhere, what are Trump's Best Quotes?
Imagine if our private parts were kept by our parents, what would you say you want them for?
What is the worst/scariest thing that has woken you up?
What was the worst movie you’ve seen?
People who donate to Televangelist pastors for buying privates jets for Jesus, why do you do it?
Which questions are best answered with a simple yes or no, without further elaboration?
Redditors with a hoarder friend or relative, how are the conversations like? What's their explanation for keeping advertising mail, or their reaction when you suggest getting rid of an item?
What are the best Sex positions for a person having downwards curved penis(excluding doggystyle and reverse cowgirl)?
Why are we rushing to produce disposable PPE like N95 masks instead of making reusable protection like gas masks and Hazmat suits with sterilization equipment while training our medical professionals in decontamination protocol ?
Why do our gums recede? Already brush twice daily (Oral-B rechargeable toothbrush ) and use listerine. Could the brush be brushing it away?
What's a good way for someone to earn some cash online from home?
How do religious people, during times such as this, the worst since WW2, with such sadness on a global scale, keep their faith?
fellow redditors of reddit what was your smartest post nut clarity moment ?
Why Do Some People Capitalize Every Single Word In Their Titles?
What are the things that do not matter in life?
If you could do any job what would it be and why?
If you could get an answer to any one question, what question would you ask?
Men/Women of Reddit, how best would you describe the sounds your partner makes during sex?
Who is your favourite pornstar?
Who are some comedians that are actually funny and enjoyable?
What would you put in a 2020 time capsule?
What's your most cringeworthy moment with a bandwagon fan?
What's something perfectly legal but you would still never do?
If you were offered to scene ur own death however tf u want, then how would it be?
People who hijack someone else's wedding or birthday by proposing or announcing pregnancy, why?
If humans had tea instead of blood, which 'tea type' would you be?
People who defied their parents and ruined the relationship because of it, was it worth it?
How do you and your clone take advantage of being clones?
Who is the most paranoid person you know, and what's the story?
People of Reddit, which face do you believe is the better face, (: or :), and why?
[Serious] If Oil is so cheap right now, why is gas still $2.45 a gallon?
What is your opinion on Boris Johnson?
What do you normally do that would be weird for majority of people?
You can only edit one sentence in Wikipedia, no matter the article, what do you change?
What every day gadget would be a amazing "spy gadget" like kingsmen and their grenade lighters etc?
What's a saying in your language that doesn't translate well into english?
[Serious]What have you seen/experienced since the Covid19 Pandemic started that you have never seen/experienced (good/bad) before in this lifetime and what do you think will happen during it and afterwards when its over?
A curse turns you into a cat right now and spend the day. When the curse wears off you wake up human in someones garden. What do you hate most about this strange episode ?
What are some free (or cheap) online programs and certifications that one could do during this new free time that actually can improve your resume/CV?
What have you achieved during these days at home ?
Most fancy and brutal way to die?
What would be best book/novel that everyone must read atleast once in a lifetime?
What is something people buy that is completely unnecessary?
(Wrong answers only) what do you think Trump is doing right know?
What are some free (or cheap) online programs and certifications that one could do during the lockdown that actually can improve your resume/CV?
What song brings back a certain memory for you? What’s the story?
What is something many believe to be true, but is actually completely false?
People of reddit are they any other websites other than freenom which give free domains?
What incident disturbed you the most?
What would happen to someone sweet and gullible who lands in prison for whatever reason and who wants to be friends with everyone?
what's that one hobby you have, but keep it to yourself in case others find you weird ?
[Serious] Religious people of reddit, why do you believe in God? What's your point of view?
Most fancy and brutal way to die
Have you ever won anything, and if yes, what was it?
What’s something you feel you can’t enjoy anymore because your ex liked it?
What have you always wanted to ask a city bus driver?
What have you always wanted to ask a Canadian (Male)?
What “childish” thing is still incredible fun to do as an adult?
How did you lose your virginity? [NSFW]
How do you stop picking your nose all the time?
Fast food workers of Reddit what’s the weirdest order you have gotten?
[Serious] Atheists of reddit, why are you atheists? What is your point of view in all God thing?
To people who don't use a bidet: why? Just... why?
Scandinavians of Reddit, what do you think of your reputation of being lovable and easy to sleep with?
Fast food workers of Reddit what’s the the weirdest order you have gotten?
What was normal to have in 2015 but not 2020?
Where is the most miserable place on earth, and why?
What really needs to be modernized?
Is it normal to have a sore throat and a cough after quitting tobacco and weed. Currently on week 6 for weed and just past 1st week for tobacco. Started Using an ecig with low levels of nicotine.
One morning, you wake up 5 years in the past. How do you react?
What have you learned the hard way?
(Serious) people who live out in the middle of nowhere, what has been your scariest experience living out there?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
Why does the left hate landlords?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
Which song, if played on repeat and never able to be deafened, would you be able to listen to the most before going insane?
What’s a random, boring but unusual fact about you?
What app can you not believe someone hasn’t made yet?
Redditors, how satisfied do you think are Greta Thunberg and her peers that now everyone does exactly what they wanted?
What was the last song you sang along to?
What is the worst superpower anyone can have?
Is it offensive to name a pet after a person who is a similar colour?
What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?
What’s the most bizarre conversation you’ve had with someone?
What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
We all heard of how humanity sucks a lot. However, what are some good things that us humans should be proud of?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to and why?
What non streaming service shows are you binging right now?
how does a person jail break your ps3 superslim version 4.86?
What scares you the most about your Girlfriend/Boyfriend?
Why don't cold drink brands use paper-cartons similar to juice boxes etc. ? Is it only because it is cheaper to use plastic/aluminum or some other reason ?
What are some real life examples of the phrase, "Some birds aren't meant to be caged, their feathers are just too bright" ?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
If this pandemic had been the other way around and you needed more social interaction(with 20 people a day at least). how do you think your life would be?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
To all the Private Investigators out there, what's a really fucked up case you've seen?
What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?
Parents of reddit are babies a viable weapon in pvp? and if not what else can be used?
What is something people think you're really good at, but you know that you really aren't?
What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?
What did you learned the hard way?
People who have been kicked out of the family home as teenagers/young adults, what is your story, how did it change you as a person and how's life now ?
Experienced Comrades Of Reddit Have you ever got a mosquito bite on your dick? How did it feel?
People who have died and been revived, what did you see and/or feel after you died?
What was the most “ oh fuck this I’m out “ moments?
What die you learned the hard way?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve saved up for?
Why's your butthole always itchy?
When are you guys expecting your offices to be open?
Can someone do a favor if you can send chat request when you get this?
what movie changes the plot if you add a random 'R' Somewhere in the title?
You and your opposite sex sibling never met until later down the line when you’re more mature. Would you pursue them?
In the United States, the President must place their hand on a book when reciting an oath to be sworn into office. Most have used a Christian Bible, but it can be any book. What book would you choose to be sworn in with?
DM's and GM's of Reddit, what's the biggest way your party of adventurers has derailed your meticulously planned campaign?
Fellow redditors, what is the thing with the biggest gap between smell and taste that disappointed you the most?
What is a good name for a friend group?
What are some lesser known tv shows or films that are really good ?
What's one username you wish you had on Reddit?
To all the Private Investigators out there, what's a really fucked up case you've seen
What are some really nice, sad playlist on Spotify?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done to wake up your parents when it was past your bed time?
Are you still mad at Logan Paul, why?
Hiring managers of reddit, what do you look for in a good cv/ resume?
What do you do and how much do you get paid?
What are things nobody does, that you consider as common sense?
What is your favorite question?
Dear Reddit, what tips would the MGs and GEs of CS:GO provide to a relatively new player who takes this game seriously and wants to be a bit more help to his friends?
How do you like your eggs in the morning?
Catholics, when you go to confession, do you tell the priest everything and if so, how do you feel about it?
What will we never be able to comprehend?
What are the do’s and don’t when you’re new in prison/jail?
Hoopers of reddit, what's your advice to get really good at basketball?
What was the weirdest thing you've seen in a elevator?
If Thanos from Avengers snapped his fingers tomorrow morning, who’s feeling a little relived?
What’s more annoying.. duplicate questions because naturally people have similar thoughts? Or the people that feel it’s their responsibility to trash posts they’ve already seen?
You are the last surviving man on the planet, but the only women that are left are Karens and MLM moms. How would you survive in this society and would you do your part to continue the human race?
What is one game that gaming companies absolutely need a remaster today?
What's a good daily workout routine for someone who wants to lose weight but isn't athletic and doesn't have great energy?
What’s the best way to make time go faster?
Work at a pizza place roblox
What’s the most frustrating product you own?
When lock down is over what are your top 3 things you're going to do/plan to do?
What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?
People of Reddit, how many major and minor scratches and cracks do you have on your phone screen?
Those who are in their 20's , how do you visualise your life after the age of 60. What would be your perfect day would be?
What tips would the MGs and GEs of CSGO provide to a relatively new player who takes this game seriously and wants to be a bit more help to his friends? Advice might inclide tips to improve aim, songle out enemies, etc.
Ex-prisoners, why did they send you to jail?What crime did you committed?
What was your "I think my house is haunted" moment?
If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
What is the best way to overcome anxiety?
People of Reddit, how many major and minor scratches and cracks do you have in your phone screen?
Gamers of reddit what is the best game you've ever played but it had an ending that made you think "that is not how it should have ended"?
People who have died and came back to life, what is your experience? (Serious)
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What type of videos do you enjoy with music ?
Pet owners of Reddit, what unusual and rare pet would you like to own someday?
How long does it take to get 200 comment karma?
What’s the richest thing someone has done in front of you?
What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
are traps gay? if so why?
If you had a chance to grant 3 wishes to your family member of your own choice, what would they be?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
[Serious] Asian people of reddit, what are the types of harassment you have faced because of the current word situation?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
Why is Thenos from avengers not the true superhero this world needs?
How to get rid of mosquitos?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
Elderly Redditors who are temporarily unable to commune with your peers at McDonalds (over coffee) or the barber shop (for a shave or a game of checkers) - how you holding up?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
You were given a chance to save the world from an impending alien invasion. The only catch is you need to have sex with them in order to save humanity. What specie do you want the aliens to be?
Women that have both given birth and had a kidney stone, which one is more painful?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
[Serious] What interesting books can raise the level of English from A-B to a higher level?
Is it gay to give your homie a kiss good night? If so why?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job?
What was the best thing that happened to you in truth or dare?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
Who do you know that has a special place in heaven?
Which accent turns you on the most?
What is a commonly used word/phrase that you find weird?
What events led up to you seeing this post?
What’s the biggest injury you’ve had, and how did it happen?
How good are you at math?
What’s the best accidental nudity you’ve seen?
What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?
Keyboard builders of reddit, what switch is actually silent, and if you press it you can still feel pressure?
Should Child Sex Offenders Be Chemically Castrated? Why?
which are the words and the actions a girl can say and do to touch your heart?
What's the most infuriating thing you've ever seen or heard of?
How do reddit Americans feel about the news that their Government had hijacked mask shipment meant for countries like Canada and Spain?
People of reddit: How are you?
What evil prank have you pulled off?
Fellow students and graduates, what's the biggest misconception you ever heard or believed about university/college?
What personal miracles can help you prove that god is real?
What are some interesting things about yourself that you don't usually get to tell people about?
What’s the worst advise you’ve ever given someone?
[Serious] Toilet paper is "Bullshit Marketing" by claiming that "12 = 18 rolls", what other examples of "Bullshit Marketing" need to be put to an end?
If you got to say one thing to every person on earth via live television, what would you say?
What’s the best deal you’ve ever gotten?
You have 4 weeks to live, you can extend it by one week per each person that bites you. What is your plan to live for as long as possible?
Allergy sufferers of Reddit... What are you doing to avoid everyone looking at you like you have the rona?
Redditors, how do you see life after 2020? What will be different with what’s all happening in current events?
A lot of people find that staying at home saves them money in various ways. Have you discovered any ways in which you spend MORE money by staying at home?
What childhood friend have you not seen since, that you miss and why?
You can do one thing in the world without any consequences but everyone can and will judge you harshly about it. What do you do?
Who else thinks that Thanos from Avengers is the true superhero the world desperately needs? 🙋🏻‍♂️
If most people hate their voices, how do opera singers feel about them?
[Serious] What do people working in hospitals need now more than ever?
Dustbin men of reddit whats the weirdest thimg you saw in the trash?
Redditors who have tried other social media, what hooked you in reddit that other couldn't?
Which is better: Goldfish or Cheez-its?
How did you learn self-control?
What's a thing you'd do right now if it wouldn't be illegal?
What's the worst thing you've ever done in a hotel room?
What are some good rap songs for people who aren’t usually into the genre?
Does anyone else feel like they're about to have a panic attack when they cough?
Native Americans of reddit, do you prefer the term native Americans or Indians? Why?
What are the most sustainable jobs in current state?
if you were on death row what would your last meal be?
Why would a friend ask someone out of the blue if you're in love with them?
How do you manage your income? How are you doing currently?
Redditors, has the abundance of information (e.g. Google) impacted our ability to think critically/analysing beyond what is presented?
What is the best thing you have eaten lately?
[Serious] How do you manage anxiety/depression?
What do you think you have the lowest success rate at in your life ?
What are the AskReddit unofficial rules?
Actors/actresses of reddit what does you SO think about having to see you make out with another person?
Redditors - What are you having for dinner tonight?
If you were to become 5 again while maintaining everything you already know, what would you do?
What is easier with one eye closed?
People who are completely lonely, how do you spend your free time?
Oh thee powerful wizards of reddit, what spells hast thou cast on the world of mortals ?
How many people r really alive right now?
Do you have any recommendations of what I should do in quarantine.
What’s the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
Non-americans, what is the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the name America, that isn't the Star Spangled Banner or hamburgers?
What thing have you lost which still annoys you to this day?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the stupidest thing that a student has done?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been and where were you?
What happens to the homeless when everyone is asked to Stay At Home?
How do you define consciousness, and since we're conscious and a part of this universe, can we say that universe might also have a consciousness on a bigger scale?
If you could have teleported once in your life, when and why would you do it?
(Wrong answer only) What surprise gift can you give to the President of United States?
Musicians and prisoners of Reddit, how was it like in prison and likely not being able to play your instrument for you?
What’s the most addicted to a game you’ve ever been and how much have you spent on that game?
How deep is your love?
Is feeling good about yourself something to be earned? Why or why not?
What does a simp mean? How do people classify someone as a simp?
Redditors. Have you ever slept with the lights on? Why?
Apple employees of Reddit, how has remote work treated you considering the high secrecy between teams?
How do you post something on here with the “serious replies only” tag?
How to breathe better?
Is emotional intelligence a sort of intelligence that makes a difference between humans and artificial intelligence?
How do you crossover?
[Serious]What thought or memory instantly brings a tear to your eye?
What song do you really like that you'd be embarrassed to admit to your friends that you secretly jam to it at home?
[Serious] What reason(s) is there to help someone who will always hate you regardless of what you do, and may even hurt/kill you if given the chance?
Would we have survived a pandemic like Corona if it had happened anytime before the year 1800?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying and why?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose and why?
Retail employees of reddit what's the best way to shoplift?
What subs are good for sharing self-written smutty fiction?
What's the best song to sing while on shower?
Parents, how does your toddler handle wearing a face mask?
[Serious] People of reddit, What's the most disturbing thing you ever witnessed that haunts you still to this day?
Redditors,how to make poor people richer without enforcing new ideologies but with new ideas that can be implemented in any culture,society or any economic system?
What’s an obvious fact you’ve learned recently that everyone else probably knew already?
People forced into an unexpected long distance relationship, what do you do to make it work?
What are your best unethical but technically legal life hacks?
What are the weirdest self isolating laws that your country has and you don't really understand them?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
What are you doing to overcome your boredom while staying at home?
Covod-19 has wreaked havoc on the economy and many peoples lives. In contrast to this, what has it done that has improved your life or life in general?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What's a general known fact that you can tell in the way that noone would believe?
What's the most underrated function of your phone ?
Why do we have showerthougts?
What are some good apps for making/saving money passively i.e. Acorns?
What's your childhood favourite memory u remember?
Private schoolers of Reddit, how hard did people actually work?
What is the best time the beat of a song has synced in with your real life?
How is new media changing the way you communicate with your colleagues professionally?
What's the one thing you want to say to the person you think of when reading this?
If the best things come after bad times, what is the best thing that will happen after all this is over?
What old and renowned music artists have recently released quality songs?
What are some fun things to do whilst in self isolation?
What is your quest?
What is your favorite joke?
What's your favorite "I told you so" moment?
What is your name?
How does time travel work in Endgame, everrytime they take a stone from the past, a new timeline or a universe is created?
Aside from being born, what's your biggest mistake?
How are you using the current situation as an opportunity to improve yourself as a person?
What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?
(Serious) dose anyone know where to find a decent joker action figure that's 12in that's cheap?
People of reddit what is your wildest encounter with an entitled parent or entitled kid?
What’s the most comfortable bed or chair you’ve ever been in?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role?
Do you care about the amount of Karma you have, why or why not?
What is the easiest way to upset your parents?
Where was the weirdest place you've had sex?
What’s something you thought only you did but later on realised that others do it too?
[Serious] Can you be non serious in the comments?
Masochists of Reddit, if a hell exists, would you be looking forward to it and what would be your preferred punishment?
Masochists of Reddit, if a hell exists, would you be looking forward to it and what would be your preferred punishment?
Why are u up at this hour?
What merit badge are you going to earn today?
What's up with websites with random text?
What has been the best thing about working from home?
How to make your hair longer using the natural way?
How would people change in personality and behaviour while driving, if driving a car would be a team effort of two people?
How do you overcome the thing that annoys you the most?
Time for some positivity: what's the best thing about having to stay in?
What’s a great unknown song from a band everyone knows?
Ex conspiracy theorists of reddit, what made you realise that your beliefs were wrong?
What's a funny name you have given to someone in your phones contactlist?
Which countries have handled the COVID-19 pandemic the best and/or worst so far?
How much money do you need to officially be ‘above the law’?
Whats the best way you’ve either seen a bank being robbed or have robbed a bank before?
Fatty people of Reddit, what is your goal for 2020?
What’s something that really gets under your skin?
What was the most unnecessary war post-WWII?
Who has it more easier to become an insta thot, guys or girls?
Why do Indians have bigger dicks than African Americans?
What Are The Effects Of Sleeping Near Your Cellphone?
You can now permanently ban any Youtuber from Youtube, who is the first one you ban?
Why are the new star wars movies considered so bad compared to the older ones?
[Serious] What was scariest moment in your life?
People of Reddit who are using tiktok and doing the scripted fake naked challenge just to show us that your GF is ready to give you a BJ, what are you trying to prove ?
Truck drivers, what do you think of people of who play truck driving simulators for fun? And for people who play those games, why do you play them?
What is your favourite drug? Why?
[Serious] As an english speaking time traveler, what is the furthest point back in time that we could travel to and still understand the language (for the most part)?
Why are Indians so much cooler than white ppl?
What fact about you surprises people the most?
Have you ever tried sucking your own dong before? If so, how did it feel?
If you could choose an alternative ending to a nursery rhyme. How would it go?
People who are not "can i talk to your manager" type but had to do so- what caused this?
Ex's of Reddit, what are you an ex of and what's the bright side of it?
This is your opportunity for closure. Write it here, and move on. What is something you always wanted to tell that person, you know, the one that you cannot get off your mind?
who are you?
What is your pet's perfect meal?
What are "fine" facial structures?
What would you say to your daughter if she said her goal in life is to be an insta thot or social media content creator?
What are some of your favorite albums not on any streaming service?
Redditors who have had a surprise baby - What is your story, warts and all.
What alternatives are there to Amazon.com?
why?
Adults of Reddit , what is one thing that you wish you knew about adult life as a teenager?
Why majority of the people are right handed?
What are some things you shouldn't laugh at, but you do anyway?
How has a girl inadvertently told you your dick is small, or how have you told someone?
(Serious) What can make your external hard drive crash?
What Is the Most Important Challenge That Women Face Today?
People of America why dont you wear masks?
What American food should everyone try at least once?
What necessary website doesn't exist yet?
Why are Indians the coolest race?
What are techniques for agile learning?
Why do Indians have the biggest dicks in the world?
Which album cover has the best tracklist design?
What's the hardest thing about being a human being with emotions?
What's the silliest thing someone has told you?
If you could live anywhere on earth, where would you live and what would be the first thing you do?
Starting a lawnmower involves doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting a different result. When else is that not the "definition of insanity?"
Do you miss your school life ? Why and why not?
Why gay and lesbian community is increasing instead of having male female relationship??
How can you kick a host on GTA5 who clearly isn't at their controller/keyboard but there is a full lobby waiting to start?
assuming having sex with cats was legal would you have sex with cats if having sex with cats gave you cat-sex based superpowers?
What is something new you learned today?
Is it true that Beijing does not have Covid-19 cases?
What wierd way did you find your gf/bf?
To everyone who has or tried a VR headset what is your most insane story while you where online?
What are your weird food combinations?
Introverts and hermits of Reddit with an undisturbed work pattern, do you notice much difference in the world apart from hearing shit, what’s your life like?
What are some interesting local slang terms in your part of the world?
How can a husband convince his wife to please not get lip injections like all her friends have?
Are there any American foods I should try as a german ? (Description)
Which year was the most special for you and why?
Why do white people have the smallest dicks in the world?
What crazy stuff are you doing to avoid dying in quarantine?
Which was you most special year and why?
What would you want your last words to be?
If there are levels of heaven like levels of hell, what would those levels be?
Why can't Chinese drive?
What is the deadliest situation you’ve ever been in?
[NSFW] Girls, what dick feels better circumcised or not?
Those who have killed or planned to kill out of revenge, is it worth it?
Will China be sued over Coronavirus?
You wanna save a seat for your homie on the bus. What truth about yourself do you tell people to keep them away?
what is work other people have done but you took advantage of to further your own cause?
Who let the dogs out?
For those of you that have spent time in prison, how do people react when they find out you are an ex-con?
Why aren’t the governments of the world offering a huge cash reward to whoever comes up with a way to convert ocean water to drinking water?
People who have been to a funeral during lockdown, what was it like? Were people prohibited from coming that would have wanted to be there?
The Wire - what is your favourite line, character or scene from the TV drama series?
In this lock down period where we’re polluting a lot less, what’s the most amazing thing you’ve seen in nature that was previously polluted/disturbed by us humans?
Why is France so dangerous country for East Asian people?
What is your mentality toward Muslims?
In your opinion, is Reddit a good source for news and information? Why? Why not?
People who were bullied in the past, what is something that you learnt so you don't get bullied or hurt again? Like trusting ur gut etc
People who took part in beastiality why did you do it?
What are some tips to reduce our screen time ?
How quickly have your noped out of a situation? What happened?
What do you guys usually do when you can't pick a fight with a family member that you're pissed off?
Which teacher from school do you love most?
What's the dumbest thing you brought? And do you regret it?
Field Biologists of reddit, what is the most bizarre discovery you've made in your research?
Humans of Reddit, what’s your personal reference for pizza?
How do you overcome your depression, addiction and personal demon.?
How was your life changed forever? [serious]
What is the dumbest tattoo you ever seen?
What simple fact baffles you?
What’s a recent film that you believe will become a cult classic?
What was something (in your personal life) that was ruined due the coronavirus.
(Wrong answer only) What would you do while being aired on live TV?
Why do fat chicks STANK?
What are some YouTube channels which are recommended to watch during this lockdown?
Which of the 2 options would you chose 1.) Being a famous and rich celebrity in your teens and fading into oblivion in your adult life or 2.) Struggling your entire teen and young life and earning fame and success in your late 20's and it lasting till the end
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, who would you kill?
What is something that truly can't be explained?
What do you need help with?
Pokémon Fans of Reddit; if you had to choose a team of 6, which Pokémon would it be?
What was your, "I thought I was the only one!" moment?
Parents of Reddit: What nursery rhyme did you forget the words to while singing to your first born?
What are some english or math exam questions based on material from 5th to 9th grade that will make highschool seniors cry?
What's the best food to lick off your significant other?
Which teacher from school did you love most? Why?
(Serious) What age do you believe is the cut off for someone to be cute?
Girls Of Reddit, why does every selfie get tons of compliments?
Sidechicks of Reddit, now that you're not getting regular D, how thirsty are you?
The animal you most relate to? And why?
What are you doing to overcome your boredom while staying at home?
What's the worst feeling in the world?
Pokémon Fans of Reddit, if you had to choose a team of six, which would it be?
You can go inside a videogame and make anything that exists in it's world (items, creatures etc.) exist in our world. However, if you die in the game, you die in real life and you can only come back once you reach the ending. What game do you choose and why?
What’s your biggest regrets in life?
And what if someone being locked with his or her siblings will repeat the movie plot of "shining"?
Sidechicks of Reddit, now that you're not getting regular D because of social distancing, how thirsty are you?
How many licks does it actually take to get to the center?
Which are the psychological stages a guy goes true after being deluded by the girl he liked?
What's the worst way you've heard of someone being killed?
The hardest you have ever laughed and why?
People who have seen an ad on TV and bought the product right away, What was it and why?
Field Biologists of reddit, what is the most interesting/bizarre thing you've found?
To the previously young and ambitious, what did you do to maintain the “ambitious” without the “young”?
What is your favorite or craziest drug experience?
How was your moment to be a hero?
What would happen if a Siberian tiger went to Africa in the same place where lions, elephants and hyenas resided( ignoring the effect climate would have on the tigers)?
Sad people, what’s up with you?
What is your favorite or craziest drug story?
Redditors who used to be gay/bisexual, what made you straight again?
People that have been in a relationship with a pornstar, what was it like?
Why don’t people realize that greed is what’s caused a lot of problems in America, not one party or the other?
Why do Christians love to fuck little boys?
Anyone been in a relationship with a pornstar, what was it like?
What's better than catching 1 bot?
What is the best deal you can get for $5?
Is Hillary swank hot, why or why not?
Anyone been in a relationship with a pornstar, how did it go?
You can have any single item (has to be a physical thing), what’s your choice?
Is history repeating right before our eyes in terms of another American Revolutionary War? Why or why not?
What did China do right and the US did wrong that things are getting out of control right now regarding something that’s going on “which shall not be named” ?
What are some of the most interesting Conspiracies theories during this period?
Redditors outside the United states. Stuff here is getting crazy. How are you holding up?
What should be a real name of our planet?
What family traditions have you missed during this crisis?
Do you think buying a pack of bottled water can be justified by saying you will recycle all the bottles? Why or why not?
(Wrong answers only) What's the best thing to hump in to?
What time do you usually go to bed?
Which aspect of human life would animals crave for the most?
What's your favorite come back towards a bully's statement?
What is default bacon in your country? Back bacon or belly bacon?
Children on reddit,what you usually do when your parents are not at home?
Christians of reddit, do you think your religion should pay taxes? Why?
What's the best comeback you've ever seen?
Redditors outside the United States. How are things going? It's getting kind of crazy here.
What is a pick up line you’ve genuinely been told that was so bad that it actually worked?
What's the stupidest rule you've seen enforced by an HOA?
Why does tea steep so much faster in hot water than room temperature or cold water?
How's everyone here holding up with no sex during isolation times?
What is your favorite drink, either alcoholic or nonalcoholic?
Why is beastiality a thing? Why do people have sex with animals?
How did you find out you were the side piece?
How extensive were the sewers that Louis XIV built? How many miles of sewers did Louis XIV contract in Paris? What percentage of houses in Paris were connected to a sewer?
Who is a character in a TV series, movie, game or book does everyone dislikes, but you love, and why?
What are some life hacks that everyone should know?
What's the most ridiculous clickbait title you have ever seen?
When was the last time you felt wanted out of desire?
How often do you buy groceries?
People all over the world, what tradition or culture of yours that are so fucked up?
What's better, having high expectations or having low expectations?
Redditors Who Know or are Escapees of North Korea, What is Your/Their Story?
What's under your desk table?
What is the best or worst advice you got from a stranger?
who is your: “if we’re both 40 and not married, we’ll just marry eachother”?
Why go for Iron man instead of Fe-Male?
What is the most bizarre lie your parents told you when you were a kid?
Is there anyone who wants to break up with their s/o but can't because you have to stay indoors with them?
How do you overcome your boredom while staying at home?
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
What movie should every person see at least once in their life?
What's the strangest thing that ever happened to you in an airline flight?
Why do the Jews control the media?
Do you believe in destiny, why or why not?
What is the thing in your country everyone knows, but mass media won’t talk about?
Elder brothers, what do you think of younger ones?
Can non-ionizing radiation (5G) cause cancer?
How is your mental health doing?
Bank workers of reddit, what bank do you use? Your employer or a competitor?
What does the porn you watch say about you?
What hypothetical situation have you overthought to death ?
What do you do the whole day while staying at home and how do you overcome your boredom?
Are you happy with your height?
What do you think about arrow TV series?
What really happens after we die?
NSW police force of Australia, why the fuck do you think it’s okay to strip search underaged kids at music festivals?
What are the most interesting/weird/creepy or funny wikipedia articles you've ever read?
What are your "in bed realization" stories that you experienced months or years later about any certain event?
How long does it take you to realize your headset is connected to the wrong bluetooth?
What are the most interesting/weird/creepy or funny wikipedia articles you've ever read?
What's a kinda unwritten rule in your home?
Soldiers of Reddit, Have you ever witnessed a "that guy is a hero moment". What happened?
What’s something that bothers you about Gen Z?
What are some great things to do when stuck at home?
What if the world become the destroy of it hes mma and for sight of crying?
Have you ever visited someone who predicts your future, what did he said to you, was it true?
What’s something that bothers you about gen Z?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, whats a common misconception?
Do you believe in a superior being, or not?
While everyone has time to kill and limited money, what are some great mobile / PC games that are easy to get into with no micro transactions or time restrictions?
Is there a website that shows statements made by political figures and only links to the very first source, like full length WH press briefings or full length Trump rallies?
What makes you human?
What is the biggest scam that the perpetrators got away with?
Republicans, knowing the last four years and the current state of how Your Party has ran the United States; why are you voting for four more years of this in November?
so this question was removed for no reason but realy need help. How do you get to the dlc areas in pokemon sword?
What are the chances of nba matches being fixed, along with nba all stars being a part of it ?
What do you think Goku’s best move is?
[Serious] What is your definition of love, Specifically romantic?
What aspects of soup applies to cereal?
What's a creative way to tell someone what you did last week?
When was your worst "I should not be laughing" moment?
What is your worst accident?
Why is the US government such a dick to every country in these times?
[Serious] Men of Reddit, what is the time when you had a crush on someone in school and they ended up bullying you online?
In what order do you put toothpaste and water on your brush? 1. Toothpaste 2. Toothpaste then Water 3. Water then Toothpaste 4. Water, then Toothpaste, then more water?
Military Personnel of Reddit, what was the scariest position you were ever in?
clonazepam
When do we get to rename The Great Depression?
HYDROCODONE
tu peor accidente?
Which tv show had a perfect ending?
What are the chances of Basketball overtaking soccer as becoming the most popular sport worldwide?
Have you or anyone you know ever been catfished? What happened?
What conspiracy theory is too believable not to be true?
Deaf People of reddit, what is it like to think, do you have a language or visual signals you think in?
How do you protect yourself while sleeping?
If all of the worlds laws, currencies, politics, punishments, for example, A fine of 100 karma for vetting wooooshed, how would the world be like?
Dear Redditors, what’s your procedure for applying toothpaste and water to your brush before brushing?
You wake up as the leader of your country, what do you do?
Why the fuck are you alive?
How many of you think that younger brothers are assholes or elder brothers are assholes? Why?
Travel enthusiasts of reddit, what’s you best story?
What is your most wholesome secret?
What is the meme where there is this man walking on road with briefcase and behind him is probably a huge cartoon mario mostly ?
What's a thing that you do that is considered weird ?
What is the first thing you’re doing when this is all over? [SERIOUS]
What y'all do when you can sleep and pull an all nighter?
What's your favorite artist when you were teenager ?
What jokes would everyone recognize, if you could only tell the punchline?
¿De que eres capas pero no quieres hacerlo?
When cat yes does it to can it when stable?
If you had to how would you accept that you’ll never have a girl say “I love you” to you?
How to convince husband to get a dog?
What are some fun ideas or friendly pranks to announce our pregnancy to our families?
For guys; what do you think of the girls of today?
What uses did the GameCube’s handle provide?
What game has hooked you the longest and why?
Whats your Favorite music right now ?
whats wrong with having over 1000 rolls of toilet paper saved for the crisis?
If America lost the Revolutionary War, how would humanity be as a whole after the fact?
What does it feel like to care?
Меня бьёт моя мать.
Ex-prisoners of Reddit, what were the biggest challenges you faced upon being released from prison?
People who have watched a prisoner execution, what was your experience like?
I wish time travel was posible
If over time you replace parts on a car, at what point does it stop being the same car you bought? How many parts do you need to replace to make it a new car?
How much longer can you last this current situation, financially and otherwise?
What’s the worst thing your best friend has ever done to you?
People who visit clairvoyants, what's your story?
How would you respond to the stereotype that most bisexual girls first had a bad experience with a guy? Have you seen anything to disprove or support it?
If you could go back in time and fix one mistake you made, what would it be?
Why is OP so much better than you?
How do you turn yourself into a pickle?
Redditors, what was the best dream you ever had?
What annoys you more than it should?
What reposts are you sick of seeing over and over?
Why are journalists afraid to stand up to the US President?
Whats more gay than being gay?
People who visit clairvoyant, what's your story?
Like YOLO, what other acronyms or made-up words eventually died silently?
Whats the worst question you have ever asked someone?
While the world is ending you have enough time to pick out an outfit and depending on this outfit what are your chances of making it to Heaven?
Is cereal soup?
Youtubers of reddit, whats the most disturbing comment you got?
Girls of reddit, what do you think about invisible, disposable and unappreciated existence of an average man?
Whats more gay than being gay
How to approach a woman who is stranger without being a creep?
What is it called, when you spend the day caught in a daze until you realize the day’s over and you’ve done nothing?
What shape is space?
Who could reasonably be unaware that a global 'issue' has occurred after a month and be excused for their ignorance?
What GTA cheat code would you use in real life, if you’d could only pick one?
In a dream, a wild fox eats a feral cat. What do you think that dreams means, and why?
What would be the most enjoyable way to end one’s own life?
How do you transcend the physical human form?
If you cum at the same time as the protaganist in your porn, did you win or lose? All genders considered?
Why do you believe in God? If you have a specific religion, or concrete spiritual beliefs, why do you believe that you know the truth? [Serious]
An action figure of you has been manufacturered and mass distributed all around the world. The back side of the toy has a string, and when you pull it out comes your catch phrase. What's your catch phrase?
How would you exterminate SCP 682?
[Serious] What are good examples of attractive male characters in video games having an equally good-looking butts to show off in revealing clothes that attractive female characters in video games tend to have?
What's the one thing you had to FORCE yourself to do it?
Who could reasonably be unaware that Covid-19 has taken the current toll as it has and be excused for their ignorance?
What have you been binging lately?
What do you think is the best movie of all time?
What are some good thriller shows to watch??
How well do you get along with your ex?
What's the most Michael Scott-ish thing your boss ever did?
Redditors, What was the last dream that you can remember about?
What's your favourite thing about Reddit and why?
What has been one of your best first dates ?
How can you fart without making it smell bad?
Redditors, what was your last dream about?
For any redditors who've gone through emotional trauma with a S.O. and broke up afterwards (not necessarily from the trauma), what is your prevailing feeling when you think about that person?
Have you tried Tarot readings? How was your experience?
Someone discovered faster than light travel, what next? who do they go to what should they do?
If your pet was a superhero, what would be their hero name?
What would you make a video game about?
What’s the wackiest dream you have had?
Job is distributing paper face masks, should this be reported since they are needed in hospitals? What are the steps to do this and find out the ones the company has is the ones needed?
People who have had masturbating addictions, what happened and if you overcame it, how?
Service men/woman of Reddit, what’s the worst thing you’ve seen a fellow recruit do while enlisted?
Remember the good old days of throwing convicted felons into colosseums with hungry lions and such? Why don’t we do that anymore?
Redditors, what was your most embarrassing moment of your life?
How do you arrange your cutlery?
People of Reddit who have done psychedelics whats your most memorable experience?
What has your pet done that made you wonder if they were seeing something supernatural?
(NSFW) Strippers of reddit, what's one thing you enjoy the most about your job aside from the money?
What are some reasons to love Elizabeth Olsen?
What is your favorite TV show theme, and how many times has it been stuck in your head?
flashing wavy line in my vision (M,15)
Why God not help to control this epidemic?
Sleep paralysis Redditors, what was the most terrifying experience you ever had?
Have you picked up a new hobby during the pandemic? What is it? What are you doing to stay busy?
what do you like most of the astrophysics?
What is a mission in a game that rewards very little?
If you could be the opposite gender for one day, what would you do?
If ‘The choice of a Lawyer is an important decision and should not be based solely on advertisements’ what else should you base the choice on?
Is it wrong to assume that it only infect those who are either stupid uneducated or have a weak immune system?
How big is the entire internet and how rapidly is it growing?
What are you most afraid of? Do you know why you have this fear? Have you tried to get over it?
What movies have really messed with your mind?
You get stranded in a remote island/forest alone with only the content of your trashcan; How long you think you would survive and how?
What’s an unexpected result of having a child?
Those who have opened a restaurant/takeaway in another country , what visa did you get and which country ?
Nobody asks this anymore, but, what is your favourite book? [Serious]
Why don’t we use “ad bestias“ as form of capital punishment anymore?
What is something that is completely legal but shouldn’t be?
What's a band that you'd never show to your friends, but you secretly love?
People who've dived deep into the dark web, what was the scariest/most horrific thing you saw there?
People of USA, why trump is still the president even after everyone hates him?
Which composer today (1900-Now) will be added onto greatest of all time category?
Americans of Reddit, if the USA decided to switch to the metric system, would you be ok with that? If not, why?
What is your mental hospital story?
How can a man inform a woman he is interested in that he has a very large dick in a smooth and non-desperate way in order to get her to become sexually interested in him?
What should I ask for for my 18th birthday? I love Star Wars, play guitar and xbox for my main hobbies. Doesn't have to be those categories though! I have a budget of $120.
Why do you keep living, even when it’s too painful to go on?
What is the worst modern lie spreading around the globe?
What show would also work well in an audio only form?
[Serious] Who do you think is the worst country leader at the moment and why?
what are some porn websites that show realistic vaginas and sex?
What movie have you watched the most?
What is the funniest thing your pets ever did?
What annoys you the most?
How do you not convince yourself that your not what other people think you are?
How it feel to chew 5 Gum?
After having learned from the recent events, how will you prepare for the next apocalypse?
Is it possible for people with ASD/Aspergers to be a pathological liar? Why/why not?
People of Reddit, what are your pet peeves and why?
What happens to people who Trump fires as revenge for his impeachment? Is that legal? Can they get another job at the government? Or do they retire with full benefits?
People who accidentally doxxed friends or family, what were the repercussions?
How are little babies, Redditors?
Jesus has returned to Earth, but he's keeping a low profile. Who is it?
Considering the stupidity and total incompetence that leaders around the world have shown, what is your take on the theory that the world is actually run by a small group of extremely powerful individuals who live in the shadows instead of these egoistical, narcissistic idiots?
What are the best songs that you would personally recommend to strangers online?
Hey you, whats the one thing you are currently hiding from someone?
people with schizophrenia, how did you get diagnosed/ find out you had it?
What are your least favorite things about reddit?
What are you doing at the moment?
When will Justin Bieber apologize for backpacking nude in New Zealand?
Sushi fix? I have salmon, cream cheese and lettuce., if I defrost the salmon is it safe to eat raw? Ifk if there is like a sushi grade salmon or what.
People of the internet, what is your average screen time daily and weekly total on your phone/iPad?
Hey you, what the thing you are currently hiding from someone?
When has your past self saved you later?
When has your past self saved you later?
Where to drawl the line when you work in a restaurant?
Who deserves some F’s in the chat right now?
It's been 20 years since 2000. Adults of reddit, how has the World and/ or your country changed since 2000?
When has your past self saved your ass later?
What are the chances of American Football becoming a popular sport worldwide?
do instagram normies and tiktokers dispise us redditors like how we dispise them?
How important is furniture?
What would you give a girl for her 18th birthday?
What year do you think the first athiest president will be elected?
What personality trait do you like about yourself?
What has been the most terrifying or amazing weed trip that you've ever had ?
What’s your favorite dish or food from a foreign country besides your own?
How did you know you were in a toxic relationship and what were the signs?
What is the worst LEGO piece to step on?
When did you last nut and what were you thinking about?
If you had a "Get out of jail free" card irl, what crime would you commit?
What questions are obviously traps?
Queer people of Reddit, Is it okay to say in the closet for a partner? My brother(bi) is engaged to a woman(also bi). Their relationship has hardships but they tend to work things out. My brother wish to be 100% out, she does not because she afraid of her family asking questions. What do you think?
What kind of food are you eating while the stay at home phase still going on?
Can you avoid getting coronavirus forever? Or is it inevitable to get it?
What else is there to do?
Whats the weirdest shit you have found at relative's home?
Where to drawl the line when you work in a restaurant and it's Covid season?
Redditors who sustained an embarrassing and significant physical injury while performing a job that should not have put a normal person in any physical danger, what is your story?
What is your favorite emoji ?
People of reddit, What is your average screen time daily and total weekly on your phone/ or iPad
Guys who aren’t more behind in life than a fetus, what’s it like being good enough to date?
You change the ending of any movie made ever, how are you changing it?
If you had a "get out of jail free" card irl, wich crime would you commit?
Whats the most interesting reddit account?
Which phone app is the most important to humanity so far?
What is a good song for a drone montage?
What are some actually good youtube channels?
People who work in factories, what was the biggest mass produced mistake somebody has made?
What’s a medical condition that sounds too insane to be true?
What is the most believable story you can make up?
In a relationship are you typically big spoon or little spoon? Why?
What is your story?
People of reddit, is there anything better than pussy, if so what is it?
What are some really good songs for making my next drone montage?
Immigrants of Reddit, what areas of governance does your reletively less developed home nation still do better than your more developed current country of stay?
All them crazy people who bought or built doomsday bunkers, are y’all in them now or is this not doomsday’y enough?
People who have left at the altar, why?
Who fucked your mom?
[Serious] Sex havers of reddit, what is the sexiest sex you have sex that made you want to sex?
What happened to Belle Delphine?
Work at home, what has your coworker(Children, spouse) done while you were working?
What are three psychic predictions you have for the next 6 months?
What fashion trend annoys you the most?
What are you craving right now?
What's a question you've always wanted answered, but don't want people to know that it's you asking?
In a relationship are you the big spoon or the little spoon?
What's the subreddit you were most enthusiastic about and even more disappointed later?
What was your last order from McDonalds?
What would you do if you were invisible for one day?
What’s a word that has lost its meaning in recent times?
Dead people of reddit how did it feel dying?
What is your favorite series?
What are the odds that high school football happens this fall?
What’s one of those things you think should be #relatable but no one ever talks about it?
In hindsight, what would you have done differently?
How do you know if someone is jelous if you?
[Serious] Non-Christians, what do you think of Christians, excluding Catholics?
What are some cool facts about zodiac signs ?
What does boy cum and girl cum taste like?
Ladies of reddit, how big was the smallest penis you have been satisfied with?
What are the worst possible Bible readings for a wedding?
Redditors of Reddit, what was the best post you have seen across any subreddit?
What is the best situation to make use of a real life UNO reverse card?
Dear military people of reddit, what is the cruelest thing you’ve seen done to rookies on their arrival to the school of infantry?
What object, thing, or idea was ahead of its time?
How did Epste1n become so rich?
What is the creepiest thing you have seen your roommate do?
If you had a "get out of jail free" card irl, what would you use it for?
What would be the best quote if ever written about this epidemic?
Large Hadron Collider weapon? Considering what we can pull off on the micro scale by now. What might a future or advanced civilization be able to do with colliders? Could these be weaponized on the macro scale?
What is something that happened on the day that you were born? Some major event etc.?
Men of Reddit, what are some intimate things in bed that your GF/wife do to you which you can't get enough of?
Mental health workers of reddit, have you ever seen someone who was completely unsaveable? If so what were they like?
What’s your favourite type of dog?
What's the best backstory to how a band got it's name?
Scientologists of Reddit: What does Xenu mean to you?
Males of reddit, there are memes depicting guys still holding on to that one compliment they received years ago. What was that compliment for you?
Why is stupidity contagious whereas intelligence not?
Legs randomly give out?
What are some abbreviations which you see often but still lazy to Google them ?
If you were hired by Crayola, what new colour would you create?
Men of Reddit, what are some intimate things your GF/wife can do to you which you can't get enough of?
Everyone is legally forced to own a cum jar. What toy would you have in yours?
What's a simple one-click solution to start live streaming video onto Facebook, YouTube or something similar from your mobile as quickly as possible?
What's the most sinister thought you've ever had, but too scared to push through with it?
Which is the best dinosaur?
How do you handle your bill/cheque while going out on your first date?
Does the voice in your head when you’re reading sound like your own voice or someone else’s voice?
Reddit, if you were to move to another country, where would you go and why?
Which video game made you rage quit the hardest?
Redditors, what is the creepiest ‘Glitch in the Matrix’ story you or someone else you know has experienced?
What is your favorite part about being home?
[SERIOUS] If you died tonight, what would you regret not doing?
What keeps you up at night?
Where do you go when you need a giant hug?
Let's be honest, who has the better buds: Hawaii or California?
What kind of traits/characteristics make a villain a ‘good villain’?
Ex-orphans of reddit, what's your hero story?
What’s the most bodily fluids you can have leaving you at once?
what are some great and quick exercises that you can do prety much everywhere and anytime?
Do you get the feeling there are a million eyes on you at all times when around a lot of people?
[Serious]What is one positive thing that has come out for you in the current situation around the world?
What does weird in a good way actually mean?
Assuming God is real, what are some bones you have to pick with him about life or the universe?
What personal experience with a psychopath is worth telling here?
After looking at the teeth of Adult Denisovans, Homo Sapiens, and Gigantopithecis, why are Denisovans not giants?
[serious] Travellers of Reddit, who went to India and their life changed forever(for better or worse), what happened?
What would you do if some stranger from reddit say that he/she will buy you a laptop?
Who is a classic underrated cartoon villain that nobody remembers?
What song(s) best represents a genre of music as a whole?
Redditors, what was the weirdest/most interesting reason somebody got fired?
(Humor / Love, potentially dead man walking) If your SO told you they could describe your dating life as the following list of Ludacris songs, what would you say to them when done listening?
I opened a Facebook account using yahoomail id, and recently i forgot my password and tried to reset it via email but i am not getting any recovery code fron Facebook on my yahoomail. I tried searching all the help pages for yahoo and Facebook but they was of no help, does anyone else have encounter
Why are the Lily’s Garden ads so weird and oversexualized?
When did you realize Justin bieber was born in 1994?
What is your favourite snack?
What are some beauty standards you just hate?
whats something your a master of?
What is a symbol of hope for you?
How to remove a house fly easily?
What is a song where the voice fits perfectly the music?
[Serious] Those with mental and physical disabilities, what life changing advice did someone give you about your disability?
What's the best fast food place you have visited?
How to remove a house fly easily ?! #quarantine_life
Hi, have you ever saved a man? If you saved someone, then how was it?
What was the difference between Roman empire/ republic?
What do people have against furries?
[SERIOUS] People who have been in multiple marriages, did the experience of a first marriage made the other ones easier or does it depend on each relationship?
(Serious) Pilots of Reddit, what's the scariest you experienced mid flight?
Jojo fans of Reddit. Last action Character you played in game or saw in movie is now your stand. How powerfull are you?
Pilots of Reddit, what's the scariest thing you experienced mid flight?
Are modern day Italians descendants of folks who lived during the Roman Empire/Republic?
What do you think dogs think when you catch them watching TV?
What's the one song from your favorite artist that everybody knows?
Which is the better character and why, Meruem or Zuko?
People that Have Friends :How?
How dangerous would it be if someone glued a dental crown with super glue instead of medical cement?
Adults of Reddit, which animated movie remake ruined your childhood memories?
What's the best Car you've driven so far Brand and Model ?
If you were chosen to be the first person to set foot on Mars, what would your first words be?
How would you not wanted to have invested into Segways if you were one of the first to see them?
Why can't Christianity be considered a cult?
Hi Reddit, have you ever had a man save? If so, how did this happen?
What is something Americans do that the world finds annoying?
What's your favourite piece of music that doesn't contain lyrics?
[Serious] How to respond to "it's a free country and the constitution says I can say whatever the blank I want"?
People of reddit, what was your -he's/she's too dumb for this job- encounter?
What would you do first and who would you tell if you woke up as the opposite sex?
What the most neckbeard thing you’ve ever seen?
Do you believe in Alien life ? When do you think they will visit us?
What was the silliest thing you and your partner got into a heated argument over?
Voyeurs of Reddit, what is the craziest/strangest thing you have seen somebody do while holding a small child or baby?
Hey Reddit, what was your worst post-nut clarity story?
What are you going to do once you become old enough to be registered a Boomer?
What's the craziest thing you have been asked in a job interview?
People of Reddit - Do you apply any mental checks to decide if you should share some information that you have or not with particular people? If yes, what are these mental checks?
What are your phobias, if you have any?
What was happening in your life when you thought "if only those bullies could see this"?
What's your "right person wrong time" story? How did it end?
Non Americans of Reddit, how do you think the US is handling the current crisis?
What conspiracy theory do you believe to be true? And what lead you to believing it?
How do you feel about putting ketchup in your Kraft dinner?
Is Reality real
Non Americans of Reddit, what is your view of how America is handling CoVid-19?
What was the weirdest encountered you had when visiting China?
People who posts photos in Instagram with a caption or paragraph completed unrelated to that photo, why?
Police Officers/law enforcers of Reddit, since Covid-19, how much have your duties changed? Is there less/more crime? How does social distancing affect your job?
How many of you people wanna do serious weight loss?
People who are still going out when you should be inside, why?
What is it like to be on acid?
Gay people of reddit, what is your opinion of straight men who go gay for pay to get themselves through college?
What’s something you’ll never forget?
If it was as affordable or as easy to achieve, would you turn to veganism or not and why?
Have you ever had a creepy/spooky/scary experience with your neighbours?
What goes through a bully's mind when he/she targets his/her victim?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, what are some skills and trades that can keep you safe in prison?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, whats the most stereotypical thing you hear about prison that isn’t true?
What are the chances of a girl twin being exposed to male testosterone while sharing a womb with the boy twin?
What are the things you enjoy secretly?
Have you guys ever seen a movie that genuinely scared you? If so what movie and why did it scare you?
If someone told you they are writing 'music to drive to'.. what would you expect from the tracks?
Ex-Convicts of Reddit, what are some skills and trades that can keep you safe in prison
What do you think will look barbaric about us to people in the future, the way we look at barbaric things in the dark ages?
What is a split-second decision you made that changed your life?
For those who drank a gallon of water a day for a month, what were the results of your magnificent habit?
Why did the Persian nor the Roman Empire ever try and capture the Indian Subcontinent ?
Guys who aren’t more behind in life than a fetus, what’s it like being good enough to date?
Who is the most dislikeable Movie actor?
If you had the chance to revisit a historical event in the past which would you choose and why?
Which android game you are playing in self isolation?
how exactly do you shower?
What are minor inconveniences that you encounter in your daily life? For example, stuck in LA traffic at 6PM?
What movies/TV shows would have been resolved quicker if the adults had just listened to the children?
You are forced to choose a historical time period to be born in rather than 19/20th century. What would be your choice?
People directly call out of the blue when you want to talk rather than text first, why do you do that?
What android game you are playing in self isolation?
What if religion and science swapped places?
What will be the first sentence of a best seller novel which will be written about this pandemic?
Whats a dark fan theory of a movie/show that would completely change the story if it were true?
People whose first or last name is Corona, is it just terrible right now?
What is your guilty pleasure?
People of reddit, what is the most “unconventional” compliment that you have been told that was actually very heartwarming/flattering?
Need help with a small project, anyone who knows about boats or subs, and also mechanical or electrical engineering?
What is that one opinion you typed, but chose to erase it instead of posting it?
People who got married to the person they started dating in their teens/early 20s, how do you feel about that now?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
People who actually bought all that toilet paper: seriously, what did you use that amount for?
If you were a mosquito, where would you bite a human ?
Lawyers of Reddit, has there ever been a case where you were sure that you where going to lose the case but then you guys some how win if so what's your story?
Without saying the name, what's a trick of your trade?
What are some funny Instagram bios for a spam account?
Female ex inmates, in what ways do you think women’s prisons are different from what you know about men’s prisons?
What subreddit do you frequent the most?
i am as clueless as your 86 yr grandfather regarding computers, how do i know things arent malware and the such when i download stuff
Need help with a small project, i need someone who knows about boats or subs, and also mechanical or electrical engineering
What’s the first sentence of the best novel that will be written about this epidemic?
Who was the most tough/strict teacher you've ever had?
What amendments would be on ‘The Bill of Wrongs’?
How do you get rid of a body?
Other than looks, what makes a person unattractive?
What’s your favorite Disney movie/show?
What is wrong with relationships in today's society?
What is the best April fools prank that has happened to you?
Hunters of reddit! While in the woods, what is your biggest fear or what has scared you?
What amendments would be on the ‘The Bill of Wrongs’
Regardless of the story and writing, what are some movies/TV shows that are visually stunning?
What are some interesting, and fun topics to talk about with your SO?
Ex/ Inmates, what was the worse beating you saw and what do you see happen to Pedos?
What is the Strangest Teacher you had?
Doomsday preppers, how've you been during this time? Have people came to you for help/advice?
What was a game where on your first online match you got destroyed?
What are some wise words that you've heard through-out your life?
What's a guaranteed way to piss someone off?
Have you ever gone from incel/ not much attention to chad and couldn't keep up with the attention? what happend?
Do you ever have fits of intense anger/rage? If so, how do you control it and prevent saying or doing anything harmful to others?
How much emotional self abuse is too much for a guy who ruined his life and has no positive future?
Whats the worst lie you've ever called out/been called out on?
Have you washed your hands today? If not why?
What brought you to reddit?
Are you missing your friends in self isolation?
How would you explain the feeling of DMT to someone who has only felt THC and nothing stronger?
When and why did you lose your dignity?
When was the first time you realised that you are now an adult so you have to do things different to what you would normally do?
Have you ever gone from Incel/not much attention from girls to not being able to keep up with the attention?
What albums or songs are you listening to too get through these dull days?
What is something you are sure will live on for the next 40 years?
What’s your favorite thing you have seen on Omegle?
People who fucked their babysitter.What's your story??
what is something you are sure will live on for the next 40 years
[Serious] How do you make quality time for yourself in a relationship?
DeepCool RGB 380 Strip, What type of RGB Strip used?
Those singled out for leadership in your work team (class if you're in school) what is the impact on you?
If you could blend 3 genres together and have 1 band then play them, which genres would you marry, and which band would you choose?
What food items are exclusive to your locality and you won't find them anywhere else?
Can you ask to negotiate wage when starting in a new field?
What's a brain fart moment of yours that everyone else can relate to?
What’s that one song that you’re always in the mood to listen to, no matter the case you’re in?
If there were 7.8 billion clones of you that replaced everyone, what would the world be like?
What are the best questions to ask to get to know someone?
What beverages are exclusive to your locality?
What's one time you laughed at something in public that you REALLY shouldn't have laughed at?
What's an important news story happening right now in your country that isn't health-related?
What's the most insane rule in your family or school?
When is your birthday?
What are your activities in self isolation?
People who were bullies in high school - what regrets do you have?
What's the best joke you've ever heard?
How would you handle living in society if everyone was suddenly nice and positive all the time no matter what happened?
What will be the first you’ll do after we got out of this mess?
Redditors who have fallen asleep in the middle of doing an activity, what did you wake up to find?
God offers you a spot to be a janitor in heaven forever (no death etc) but you have to leave everyone you know behind forever except one person (and you have to convince them to come with you), would you take it? Why or why not?
What’s a form of racism people just don’t recognize?
What new hobbies/skills have you started since the quarantine?
Redditors of Reddit, what’s the most Reddit thing you’ve seen on Reddit?
The future, because of what is happening do you (1)See us gaining our freedom back (traveling, socializing etc) or losing it (become more strict)? and (2) Do you think we will have to do this every year from now on just like what we are going through right now?
What’s something you desperately need but can’t get?
When was the last time you went outside? and what was the reason?
You have the opportunity to change one action of your entire past. What is the action and what you’d change?
What’s your favorite sex position ? [NSFW]
What is your favorite anime?
What’s one food that you recommend everyone eat?
What are some useful knots for everyday life?
Why are girls on TikTok putting ice in their vaginas?
What was the last movie you watched, and what did you think of it?
What is something you will never understand?
If a World War was soon to break out, following current events, who do you think would be on what side and why?
What are you good at?
Hi, How are ya?
With detail, What is the weirdest thing you walked in on?
What job professions are not really known but pay a lot?
What’s something you’ve learned so far this year?
Why does this subreddit not allow us to use other text than the tittle?
Ex-homeless of Reddit, how did you become homeful again?
What tf is this new 9gag style reddit comment section?
What genre of movies do you think should make a comeback?
How aircon make cold when hot?
Gamers of reddit, whats your highest achievement in a game that really makes you proud of it but its that high that you think if you share it, people will see you like an stupid?
If you could choose your last words, what would you say?
Science enthusiasts of reddit, what theories do you want to turn out to be true?
What’s the most stupid thing you have ever done for “love”?
Which indoor Game you are playing nowadays?
What’s your nostalgia song?
If you had reality tv competition judges in your bedroom judging you while you have sex, what would their critiques be?
If 100 random people needed to complete a simple task (e.g. replying to a text) within 3 hours to save the world, do you believe the world would end? Why or why not?
People have a lot of time to browse reddit these days, what subreddits should they check out?
How would you spend your last hour alive if you were told you'd die in an hour?
What good reasons can someone have to not be confident?
What are some things to do that will better yourself?
What’s the most paranormal thing you’ve experienced?
What is the best revenge story you've ever heard?
What's a song that makes you emotional?
What was your "I'm not THIS lucky moment"?
Females of reddit, what guy is better, The one who is not a hassle and is content with you leading or the guy who wants to lead and can be a hassle?
Who is the most craziest or genius scientist according to you? What work of his/her makes you think so?
What’s a small act of kindness that people do to make you feel a little bit better?
What are some great fragrances you can recommend?
You have to describe yourself in one movie/TV/anime quote, what do you choose and why?
Riddles : What goes through cities and fields, but never moves?
What is the name of your biggest teacher crush and what was it about her that drove you baddie?
How will the world mark the day when international eradication be pronounced?
Redditors of Reddit, what happened when your mother counted to three?
What is a very popular boardgame that you hate?
Let’s be honest here. So a few mildly ridiculous questions. 1 Who’s jeans still fit? 2 Has anyone set any goals for this quarantine (weight loss, more reading, spending more time with family/SO)? 3 Has ANYONE run out of stuff to do beyond school work, or have you run out of school work for them?
What is your “Well, at least I’ll aways have _______?”
When did you give up on your dreams?
What game was THE game to play in your childhood?
People who are in a relationship with an emotionally distant partner how do you make it work?
Who was the worst teacher you ever had?
People who love scat or guro. Why?
How long have you been a bot on Reddit?
What's your favorite soft rock song?
Women, what kind of written story or written text can turn the things 0n?
What was the most disgusting thing that has happened to you at school?
People of reddit, who is the most screwed up teacher you know, and what happened to them?
What’s the real life equivalent of getting hit by a blue shell in first place?
This is now any question you can think of. What is the answer?
What are some fun activities to do for a birthday given the current situation?
What's the most underrated band you can think of that you listen to the most?
What are the most popular stereotypes in your family?
Redditors who have contracted Covid-19 or know people who have, what was your experience? How did your location affect this?
Women of reddit! How would you react if someone you knew (a close friend or SO) made an unsolicited sketch/drawing of you?
What facts sound totally true but is actually fake?
What's something alot of people find hot that you find absolutely disgusting?
What’s the first sentence of the best novel that will be written about this epidemic?
Would you want a yandere girlfriend and why?
What are some fun activities to do on a birthday in quarantine?
What's something specific that you really appreciate about a certain someone in your life?
Truth seekers of reddit, why do you believe 5g internet is causing the world to end?
if you died today, what would you be known for?
People who were groomed as a child/teen, what’s your story? (Serious)
How smart are Phineas and Ferb?
What is your biggest (non-physical) flaw?
What do you think about people who speak spanish?
Tits or ass and why?
What childhood memory to do you still think about that was incredibly embarrassing?
What’s the MOST amount of toilet roll you have seen personally owned in recent times?
Bald people of Reddit, do you shower with shampoo or with face/body wash?
Whats the shape of The Earth, globe/flat?
Who was/is the weirdest friend you ever had and why?
Supporters of Carole Baskin, what are your thoughts about ‘Tiger King’ and recent hate of her on the internet?
If someone (over 18) were to walk into an open garage and find a gun that was laying around and shot it causing someone to get hurt, would it be the owners or the 18 year old’s fault?
What's the best video game DLC you've bought, and that's actually worth buying?
How long have you been a bot on Reddit?
What should everyone do at least once in their lifetime?
What's the closest thing to a superpower that you have?
For those of you having a good 2020, what’s your highlight?
People of Reddit, if the world actually ends this year, what do you think would be the cause?
Would you rather be a movie star or a music artist, why?
When was the last time you built a fort?
Is there a word in English for "being worried and relieved" at the same time?
How fast does a 35DD boob have to go to hit you in the face and kill you?
What’s the first thing you plan to do when you retire?
Bullies and tough guys of reddit, what is the worst thing you've ever done?
This question is now anything you can think of. What is the question?
Doctor’s of Reddit, what was your scariest moment in the hospital?
What song gives you chills when you listen to it?
For those of you that live in the few states that aren’t shut down, are a lot of people still going out and about? How shut down or not is your local area?
How does one get a gf before they end up trying to kms?
What is you biggest flaw (it doesn't have to be physical)?
What was the most recent stupid but small mistake you made that made you stop and think "wow, how am I in charge of myself, yet still alive"?
Why are student loans being collected? TP is not affordable. How can 6% interest student loans be repaid if buttholes cant even cleaned?
What is a pet peeve you didn’t know you had until it was revealed in a situation?
How do you make quality time for yourself in a relationship?
If you had to speak through a movie's or show's dialogue for the rest of your life what movie would it be?
People who isn’t a spanish-speaker, What do you think about people who speak spanish? | Gente que no es hispanohablante, ¿Qué piensan de la gente que habla español?
[Serious]What’s a conspiracy theory that sounds extremely plausible?
What if you were the last man/ women on earth ?
Which drug would you like to try but are too chicken to?
What are your stories of large crowds singing awesome/funny/just generally good songs?
What’s a TV show you always tell your friends to watch but they never listen?
What do you love about yourself most ?
What's your weirdest late night gas station story?
What’s a good name for a minecraft pig?
How often do you find yourself re-imagining a fight or argument that you lost, re-creating it in your brain so that you won?
Workers of reddit - Before the Covid-19 what was the distance to work and time taken to get there?
Reddit, What's a story that you've heard that still gives you chills to this day?
[Serious] Medical Professionals of Reddit, what's your "How are you even alive right now!?" story?
What is the best thing that could happen if all files on the Internet are erased?
When did you know the relationship was over?
How did you gain fame, fortune or recognition by getting fired?
[Serious] How do you support an online friend when they or their family contract COVID-19?
Flat-earthers on Reddit. Do you really believe the earth is flat, or are you just trolling?
Can i use cetaphil moisturizing cream for my whiteheads and blackheads?
Can i use cetaphil moisturizing cream for my whiteheads and blackheads?
What was the first video game you played that got you into gaming?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was the dumbest case you were involved in?
Why do republicans hate America?
With lots of peoples' financial situations changing because of covid19, what are your guys' favorite super cheap meal recipes? And any other tips in general for someone who suddenly finds themselves with less money than usual?
People who sleep walk. What’s the weirdest thing you have been told you were doing?
Its now 4/20 just 16 days until theres 4 4/20s...how is the world still intact?
why isn't it possible to post a comment more than once within 10 mins?
What are you grateful for?
How would you introduce someone into your fandom?
What is the weirdest thing you saw while riding a bus?
What celebrity, if any, has made an impact on your personal life and how?
Redditors who are victims of domestic abuse, how do you cope up and stay positive?
How much kombucha do you drink as a single serving?
What do you think about people owning big cats?
What’s a feature missing from an everyday object that would make it 10x better?
People who honestly have NO voice at all in their head, whats it like? (Serious)
[Serious] If a fetus is considered a child why shouldn't a pregnant women get an extra $500 in her stimulus check for that child?
Gays, what’s your Grindr horror story?
What are some interesting ways to describe ordinary stuff?
how has reddit changed your life?
(serious) What thing that can actually happen to you scares you the most?
you just won $1,000,000 but can only spend it on one item excluding cars and houses, what are you going to buy?
X-Com and Halo fans/players, if these two games/universes were merged into one and written as a fanfic, would you read it and what would you want to see?
Who's a person you're obsessed about?
What’s your best “what did you just say” moment?
How do deaf people think?
Changing my pfp from nsfw to sfw
If you had a parrot in your household, what is a phrase that it would inevitably learn?
People who got married while still in college, how did that work out for you?
Those who have physically hurt “the school bully” to defend themselves, what did you do?
What is your creepiest real life story?
[Serious] Who do you truly hate and why?
Have any of you guys actually brown-nosed when you brown nose?
Ever heard of the word "itinerary"? How often ls it used?
If your ex was a film or TV series character who would they be?
How do Governments project Homeless People during times like these?
You wake up as Jeff Bezos, what is the first thing you do?
What had such a bad ending, you can't even re-watch/play/read anymore?
What is the most wholesome thing you've ever seen?
You have control over a firm with unlimited budget full of brilliant engineers of all disciplines, what would you start researching first?
Why are the working poor good enough to buy other people property but not their own?
What is a realistic goal of yours for 2020?
why doesn't the left care about keeping doctors and nurses safe during these difficult times?
If you smoke weed read below! Pot heads of Reddit, what would you do if you accidentally cheifed half of your friends cart (pretty much the whole thing) without him there?
What if you were the last women/man on earth
To all DMs on Reddit, what were the best nat 1s you’ve ever had?
What is the story behind you waking up in another city?
Ex inmates of reddit, what is your craziest prison story and how has it changed you?
What matters to you?
What do you want?
Why is so common have a nickname on Reddit?
He can't really run, definitely can't fly, but he can netflix, and save lives. It's anticorona guy!!!! What is your Coronavirus superhero stories. What show's have entered your lives? How have your relationships improved?
What is not a normal behaviour according to your culture?
What are some sequels that are actually good?
There is a whiteboard and marker in front of you. What do you draw/write first?
Americans how do you feel about Trump telling 3M not to export N95 masks to Canada? And did you know that much of the pulp needed to make the comes from Canada?
If your ex was a film character who would they be?
What’s something that people look for in a person that makes them easier or harder to bond with?
You have 3 minutes to live, what song are you listening to?
What’s a movie or show that you were forced to watch but ended up loving?
What are your thoughts of rental properties getting a piece of the $2T stimulus that is 100% forgiven, yet they collect rent from each resident?
Would you rather be able to : read every language, speak every language or understand all spoken language? And why?
How are you feeling right now?
If Bigfoot is real, how big do you think his cock is?
Single guys, If you could have the woman of your dreams be madly in love with you but you only live 1 more year or live to 100 but end up alone for that entire time, which would you choose? And why?
What makes swimming in the ocean so nice?
Medical professionals,what is the harsh reality of your field/profession ?? How did you deal with it??
Adults of reddit, since everyone only cares about Dinosaurs whats your favourite extinct non-dinosaur creature?
What meme format do you hate seeing the most?
People of Reddit, what are the most mind blowing theories, that you believe to be true?
How has life been these past weeks?
What was the turning point of your life that changed you completely?
why does the left think that doctors and nurses should have to work for free?
Why are you anti-vaping?
What's something, you like most about yourself?
People of reddit What do your kids think they are hiding But you know?
Any thoughts on the 5G conspiracy theory? A lot of people are saying it’s making people sick and some have gone far enough to destroy them. What do you think Hoax?? Real??
What is the meaning of mathematical horror?
People who sleep on an air mattress at home: Why?
What do you think of Cleopatra, Clementine and Carrington as baby names and why?
Is it possible for me to format a laptop from a remote location? Any solution.
Are girls attracted to pretty boys(men who have feminine facial features)?
If a party planner offered to plan you a giant party for free (when it’s safe again), what theme would you pick?
If you rewrote your life, and only spent money on things you actually needed or gave you joy, what would you be doing most of the time, and would you be more or less wealthy?
What’s something that is not explicitly sexual or threatening that you can do to make someone immediately uncomfortable?
What was it that your partner told you that gave you chills?
People who eat the butthole like groceries, why?
how do you feel that M*!ds remove a post because they are asking if girls are jealous of guys being able to stand up while peeing?
When would be the most inappropriate time to moan really loud?
What forms of sexism do people not notice?
Teachers what is the stupidest answer someone has put on a test?
why don't people realize that cultural appropriation is a form of violence?
why is it that people don't drink soda, because it's unhealthy, but smoke and drink?
Any black cocaine users in the Coachella Valley ? PM me ?
What's the weirdest way you've met a friend for the first time?
People who have life threatening allergies, how did you find out?
Let’s say you owe a mafia boss some money, and you need to pay today, around a million, how do you get the million?
What’s the weirdest thing you saw while shopping?
Why was Breaking Bad's final episode titled Felina?
What is something that you are glad happened to you, but was horrible in the moment?
How do you feel that my post was removed by mods because I asked if girls are jealous that guys can pee standing up?
How do you see the next few months playing out?
How are you feeling right now (answer only using a song title)?
Dear individuals who believe in the ideals of a more extreme (non-fascist) political persuasion of Reddit, what would an absolutely perfect President look like?
Redditors who have posted stuff that have exploded (i.e.: Upvotes, awards), what does it feel like having that fame?
[Serious] College professors of Reddit, how often have you considered getting intimate with a student?
Have any of you felt uncomfortable with your name?/s
Who are you missing right now?
(Wrong answers only) What could April 2020 bring to mankind?
Why does the Reddit Community hate the Reddit Staff?
What makes a language romantic?
What if you were the last man on earth ?
goomba liking people of reddit what goombas do you like
What is something that you always wanted to do, but never had the courage?
Every time I post on r/memes it gets removed
My Boss was a real Nostradamus about Covid-19 how do I get him recognition?
What’s your favorite cereal?
What is something you’ve always wanted to do, that the current situation has given you enough time to finally do it?
Since the last one went well. What you can say during a wedding and during sex?
What is your biggest regret from college?
Voyeurs of Reddit, what is the craziest/strangest thing you have seen somebody do while holding a small child or baby? [Serious]
[Serious] Have you ever hired a topless/naked maid service to clean your house for you? What was the experience like?
Retail workers of reddit what’s the craziest experience you have had?
you can only add one song to a study playlist what do you add?
What are swans for?
Dear people of Reddit, What's your deepest darkest secret?
What is something that people suddenly stopped talking about?
Ex gang members of reddit, what made you leave your gang and how did it go?
What was the time the condom broke, but the sex was just so hot you couldn’t pull out and just had to creampie / get creampied?
When was a time you had to unleash the Melvin inside of you?
If you actually drained a swamp, what would be the effects to the surrounding eco system?
What Was The Most Disgusting Moment You Remember On Dick And Dom In Bungalow?
What’s the most you’ve eaten in one sitting?
Why you so cool?
How do you deal with imposter syndrome?
What has quarantine ruined for you so far?
Ex presidents of Reddit what do you have in common with Ex astronauts of Reddit?
People of reddit, what did the newbie at work do that made you instantly think, "oh yeah they are definitely getting fired?"
Night Owls of Reddit, what is the weirdest/creepiest thing you've seen while staying up?
Atheists of Reddit, what is the hardest thing about being an atheist?
At what age has someone properly grown up?
why don't people realize that toilet paper the difference between life and death?
Is there a way to search for video clips with a certain word in them?
What are your go-to statements when playing “Two Truths, One Lie”?
What’s ur favorite food?
What was the most heartbreaking moment you’ve experienced in a video game?
Coloured hair and the reasons why?
How can I do a phone detox? Ice ven having a lot of headaches
Why should men never trust women that roleplay online?
Why or why aren't some Halloween masks acceptable to be worn and aid in the epidemic situation?
What kind of great achievements can a 29yo still achieve if they started working on them today?
United States residents doing the census: what is your race if you have no idea?
What did you have for breakfast? And if it’s not terribly intrusive, why?
Which was the best 20th century decade?
What’s the thing that made you consider never go back on the internet?
People of the world, what are your thoughts on the USA election system?
How much $$$ would it take to be confined to the state of Kansas all your life?
What did you have for breakfast. (And if it’s not terribly intrusive, why?)
What's one small decision you made that changed your life drastically and you wish you hadn't?
What are the humans of the sea?
To Dead by Daylight Killers: What happened in your childhood that made run thanatophobia as Doctor in Dead by Daylight?
[Serious] What is something you learned in history when you were young and are baffled to see happening today?
What is something weird you enjoy watching?
Why is space travel so important for countries to invest in or “be at the forefront of”?
What was last night like for you?
How much $$$ would it take for you to be confined to the state of Kansas your entire life???
Cleaners of Reddit, what was the most dangerous thing you were tasked to clean while on the job?
How do you get out the "friend-zone"? with your crush?
Coloured hair and the reasons why?
American redditors, how do you live with such an idiotic president, and hpw did you even get him into the white house in the first place?
Which language would be important for businesses besides English in next 20 years?
What is your favorite white claw and why?
Would you be confined to the state of Kansas for your entire life for $100 million ?
Kids who wore a digital watch that beeped every hour in class, where are you now?
[Serious] What is it like to have a phobia of clowns?
If you watch porn and you prefer when the dude has a big cock, does it means you are gay?
What is some good news, personal or not?
Women, what are you looking for in a Tinder profile?
Cum on, what could go wrong?
What do you do to help you sleep?
What is something that you ever wanted to do, but never had the courage?
What is the most harrowing moment you have experienced in a single-player video game?
Reddit, what movies should we be watching while quarantined?
People of reddit who don’t like dogs: why not?
US citizens of reddit that have to fill out a census form and dont know how to answer: what is your race?
How many of you are vegetarian/vegans and wanna do serious weight loss?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
People who are chronically single, is it a choice or do you want a relationship?
Does the current situation over ride 'the 5 second rule', if so why (or why not)?
how did south korea get so many testing kits when the entire world if struggling to get their hands on them ?
[Serious]: What business in your hometown is most definitely a front company?
People who have die, what was it like?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
Is being bisexual and christian okay?
How long will this last and when will regular life start?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
Men of Reddit, what is subnetting you’ve learned from women that you use in your everyday lives?
What is your favorite plant?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
[NSFW] What is that special trick/action/phrase that makes you climax even harder?
Do girls ever get jealous that guys can pee standing up?
How long will this last and when will regular life resume?
People who went to school with a famous celebrity, what were they like before fame?
Ex-inmates and guards of Reddit, what is the best advice you can offer to someone who’s going to prison?
Carnies, is it anything like on television and what is your most disturbing story?
Despite the distance of home runs steroids may or may not have influenced, how significant were the use of steroids and other performance enhancement drugs to combat injuries and fatigue during a full 162 game season? What are some side effects players most likely experienced during the offseason?
What's the best advice your Father ever gave you?
What hidden truths or myths in this world are actually true?
What is your ethnicity?
What permanent, long-term changes to the way we live do you think we'll see, once this is over?
What do you need help with?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
What’s something you know or can share that will make people think?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Single people, what kind of effect, if any, has quarantining had on your mindset and approach to dating going forward, should things return a bit back to normal in the world?
[Serious] People of reddit, what's the most bizarre/creepy/disturbing thing you've seen on the internet?
What's something very consermist that people can never get enough of?
Doctors what is the stupidest injury you’ve seen people come in with?
Where are good places on reddit to find explicit content?
What is the female equivalent of a small penis?
Seriously, Is infecting someone purposly a crime?
What is something, even today with all that’s happening, are you completely thankful for?
How does someone who is on their parents' health insurance go to the doctor for a pregnancy test without their parents finding out?
Redditors,what is your favourite comedy movie and why?
What is your least favorite thing about your smart phone?
What just grinds your gears?
What country are you from?
[Serious] What's a story you don't know where to tell?
How would the Joker movie have been different if it had been directed and written by Reddit?
If your house was burning and could save 3 things,what would they be?
Who are the most evil humans in history that most people have never heard of?
Even during this epidemic crisis... what are you thankful for?
What would the world be like if we learned what we learn at an older age today at a younger age instead and vice versa?
People who’ve played rimworld, when did shit hit the fan with your colony?
How is everyone holding up during the self isolation?
Redditors what's a little known slang in your country that's not used as much, but is just as popular?
People of Reddit, what's the most fudged up thing someone has told you?
How are you preparing for death?
Cooks/Chefs of reddit, What was your worst experiment that you've regret making?
Why do we test 3rd graders spelling once a week but never test the president?
What makes you happy?
Where to watch old kpop variety shows?
What most embarrassing thing happened to the class clown?
People who snapped at there bullys l, what happend?
Why is internet so slow?
What movie would’ve been great but just didn’t do well?
What is your favorite thing to do in quruatine?
Users of reddit who tattooed a partners name on them or had a partner get a tattoo of their name, are you still with that person? How long has it been?
Where to watch old kpop variety shows
What is your favourite sleep pose?
COVID-19 patients, How are you?
Trauma survivors, how has trauma affected your life?
What have you always wanted to ask a therapist?
What’s a healthy food/drink you can easily add to your diet?
It's quite a rarity for the sequel of a beloved film to be better than the original but it happens... what are the names of some of these movies?
What’s the weirdest sentence you can make with the word {Redacted}?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some “red flags” people should look out for when they go out to eat?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
[Serious] What is it like to be in a relationship where each of you subscribe to different religions/faiths?
Name of fanfic
Users if reddit who decided to go vegan or vegetarian later on in life, what made you make the change?
People with abusive/neglectful parents; what is something that they, despite everything else, taught you right?
A few months ago you become a world famous musician and sell out your first world tour, but now all your concerts get cancelled for international medical reasons, how do you appease your fans?
What question will Reddit never answer?
What is your favourite Eminem song?
When did you snap on a bully. m.i.n.e.s below
I suffer from Bipolar 1, Depression &amp; GAD but right now i am truly happy AMA.
Favourite eminem song?
Those who speak English as a second language, what tends to be confusing about it?
What is something that you wished for early in life that seemed really far fetched but became an achievement?
Quick One.. Name a Car, a color, an Animal and Place that starts with the same letters ?
[Serious] What is the creepiest thing you’ve ever experienced?
What’s the worst way you’ve seen someone give a first impression?
[SERIOUS] Redditors with disabilities or illness, what are some ways games have or should implement in their games to help you enjoy your experience better?
What basic principles do you think everyone should know and follow?
What kink did you think you didn't have until it happened/you tried it?
When was your "And the bully left me alone story" ill post mine below
What are the thicc girls up to right now?
What is the deadliest situation you’ve ever been in?
How does dick come from Richard?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
How boring is it to live in Toronto compared to London and New York?
Men of Reddit, Who is the One Female Celebrity It Would Take For You To Leave Your Girlfriend/Wife?
What is your story for being treated badly because your different?
Who is a character that carried their show?
You had one job. What was it?
When given the choice, do people often choose a good thing over a great thing?
What's a person whose head you'd like to get inside?
What fan base are you apart of that is unbelievably toxic/cringe?
What is a trait you admire in others but could not see having yourself?
What do you think the future kids will think when they look at the history book about this?
Why do we feel a void or absolute emptiness, after watching a TV or movie series? It has nothing do with our real lives yet we feel so disconnected. Why?
Reddit is the front page of the internet. What are the back pages?
How does a person connect filezilla to PS3?
Why do you hate yourself so much ?
How do you know your pet loves you?
What fictional character do you hate the most and why?
People who survived a near death experience (by dumb luck) what was it like?
Why are you not able to keep a Secret for yourself?
I have one of two career paths I want to take being a surgeon or a computer scientist and I'm hung up on which I want to do. Can you guys please list pros and cons of each one? It would mean a lot
If you could merge your favorite superhero and favorite supervillan, what would be the resulting hero/villain?
If you could say one sentence to a younger you, what would it be?
10 years from now what will you wish you would have done with all this time quarantining?
John, can you wake up? You have been in a coma for 3 years, this is not real, can you please wake up?
What is the most versatile, individual foodstuff?
What are the worst parts of life?
What’s the worst part of being the only male in a group of friends?
What is your million dollar idea. Ps read the first comment?
Wise people of reddit, drop some wisdom. (It may help someone)
What do you bring to the table?
What was your “mission failed, we’ll get ‘em next time” moment?
What's your favorite moment or event in sports history available to watch for free online?
A genie gives you one wish.What do you wish for(Standard terms and conditions apply)?
John, wake up, this is not real, you have been in a coma for 3 years, please wake up
What are some of your favorite ways to waste time on the internet?
What is your “we found love in a hopeless place”?
With online classes starting up, what is the funniest/weirdest/overall best moments you’ve had during online class calls?
What would be the most painful way to die?
You're suddenly gifted with being the most attractive person EVER, What are your goals in life from now on?
People who broke up and “learned a lot during the relationship”, what exactly did you learn ?
What’s the fastest you've wiped a smirk off of someone’s face?
What would be the most painful way to die
Should I make a book called scp tales of the foundation?
Do you prefer ass or tits?
You’re suddenly teleported to a dense forest that seemingly goes on forever. All you have is the clothes on your back. How long do you thing you can survive?
Creators/Artists of reddit how do you deal with Artists block?
Men of reddit, Do you have a negative or positive relationship with your father or main father figure? And why are things the way that they are?
What is the reddit for finding subreddits?
What's the best part about life?
Rich people of Reddit and be completely honest, would you date a poor person?
Ladies what's the dirtiest thing you would like to do with a guy in bed but never had the courage to ask?
What happened when the high school celebrity, pornstar, millionaire actress etc was found out?
Dear individuals of a more political extreme position (non-fascist) what would an absolutely ideal candidate look like?
What's something you've witnessed that no one would believe if you told them?
Which would be better: 30 days of light or 30 days of dark?
What was your opinion on Donald Trump before he ever ran for president.
What is the least important or least useful finger?
What was the weirdest and craziest thing that happened to you In a game of truth or dare?
Stand up comedians or any other stage artists, How do you deal with hecklers in your shows?
How can a white man compliment his black female colleague that her new brown handbag perfectly matches her skin tone without her misconstruing it as "racism"?
Europeans, how is dating different in America to how it is in your country?
What’s a reoccurring nightmare from you childhood?
What do you want but can't afford currently?
Sleepwalkers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing that happened to you while sleepwalking or right after you woke up?
Dear people of uncommon (not fascist) political persuasions, what would an ideal candidate look like?
Who do you think about sexually that you really shouldn’t?
If you’re going to rate a taco place off of just *one* type of taco, what taco do you get?
Hey reddit, what are some reasons to live?
How &amp; why are the Ewok Adventure movies better than the Sequel Trilogy?
What life advice do you value most?
When was that one time where you forgot something then later be like ahah?
Has anyone met their significant other on reddit?
Cops in the house say whatttt?
What's a good starter anime? My fiance doesn't watch any anime at all. Tbh I'm not too deep as well. I love some Afro samurai, full metal alchemist, Naruto, trigun and a lot of other things. What would be something you thing she would like. She's pretty into true crime in general. T
[Serious] what would you consider a good person? A person that makes you think the world isnt so bad?
INFECTING SOMEONE PURPOSLY A CRIME?
When was that one time where you forgot something then later it is like ahah
What is your favourite scary movie?
Sex workers of Reddit. What was the offer you had to say no to?
(Serious) How would you sneak a large phone (XS Max, Galaxy) into a boarding school?
How do we know that this is real?
There will probably be movies made about this time period in a few centuries, which modern day actors would play like Trump, other world leaders, and most importantly, who would play you?
Essential workers, how has work changed for you?
Redditors what are some sentences you can think off that can be read aloud in a British (Bri'ish) accent?
when do you think people will be allowed to die without governments criminalizing the right to die?
What's a popular, loved, even critically acclaimed movie/franchise/tv show that you have no interest in watching despite all the praise?
Non-americans of reddit, what does "country" music sound like in your country?
How many people do you know who watches anime in sub then watch it in dub and like the dub better?
Men who have filed for divorce... what was the moment you knew it was over and you had to finally file?
What’s one of the creepiest/weirdest things you have seen in broad daylight?
What’s the best vegan/vegetarian food you have ever had?
Those of you who have left the IS and moved to another country, what is your experience? What are some of the pros or cons?
What is the most physically uncomfortable feeling you've ever experienced?
What is your favorite thing about Shrek?
What's the Most Disgusting thing You Can Say in Only One Sentence?
What is the most karma filtering post or comment you have ever made?
People on a tight wallet, what food makes you survive during this quarantine?
How come females like wearing their hair up when they look better with it down?
When did you stop feeling fat?
How do you break up with someone over long distance?
[Serious] Men who have sent unsolicited dick pics, has there ever been a time where that worked out for you?
to everyone who used to believe in the existence of God that now turned to an Atheist. how do you feel!l?
If you could rewind your life 30 years, knowing what you know now and live it again.. what mistakes would you make twice?
[covid help] I have an industrial sewing machine, a fair amount of fabric, I know how to sew, and was recently laid off, so I have nothing to do with my time except looking for a new job, watching porn and making masks. What materials do I need to make masks that will actually work?
Men: why are we all suddenly shaving our heads?
What’s the scariest thing to NOT happen to you?
What MegaThread do you hope is never needed?
What’s a food that surprises you by how much you like it?
People who didn’t wash their hands before all this but now are, how are you coping with the lost time?
What do white women on dating apps mean when they say their religion is “spiritual?”
What is the most effective combination of animals to have in a moat that won’t kill/eat one other?
What’s your cure for dark circles under the eyes?
What have you recently found out you have been doing incorrectly most of your life?
What are your favourite palindromes?
Homosexuals of Reddit, what’s the straightest thing you’ve done?
Besides humans, which creatures seem like they’d believe in a God or afterlife?
What are the best Xbox headsets for under $150?
Ladies how long do you last when masturbating alone?
What is something really important to you that most others might think isn’t important?
Has anyone met their significant other than on reddit somehow?
What is the craziest a world leader did?
To all marines and soldiers. What's the pettiest reason the DI in basics smoked u for?
How can a man compliment his female colleague on her very impressive and athletic posterior without her misconstruing it as sexual harassment?
It's Saturday night and you have one hour to get so plastered that your still drunk Monday morning. What are you drinking?
What makes us human?
What would happen if the United States paid off its national debt entirely? [Serious]
What's your favorite Resident Evil game or movie?
Women, what are you looking for in a tinder profile.
What would you make for Gordon Ramsay with the available items in your fridge at this point of time?
What were your first video games?
What did you dream about last night?
What’s the hardest thing you’ve done to make money?
What’s the best thing you lost that you didn't want to lose at first?
[Serious Replies] Ladies, how long can you last when you masturbate? My longest is 5mins tops
If hostilities between Iran and the US escalated into a hot war, how would you avoid the draft?
What's a good, fun song to listen to?
What's the worst book you've ever voluntarily read cover to cover?
Whats your favorite nightmare?
Favorite Instagram filter? Maybe you use em, maybe you don’t. It’s a preference really. But my favorite is ‘slumber’ I take a lot of sunset pictures 😅
Whats your favorite nightmare?
What’s a spread/condiment you enjoy eating by itself?
You are suddenly telepathically connected to the living person who hurt you the most for the rest of the dsy. What will you say?
If you could time travel back in time to the day before your born, what advice would you give your parents on raising you?
what is something on the internet that isn’t on rule34?
Sex workers of reddit, are you genuinely happy? Why? What is your reasoning?
What are some things that have a 100% death rate?
Are you smarter than most people and why?
College Choice: Which University between USC, Emory, Babson and BU?
[Serious] what would be the proper way to organize a protest in these times?
If you were to die right now, what do you think people would remember you for?
What's up with the outright anti-U.S. fake news propaganda being posted all over reddit?
what should you NEVER google?
What is one currency you would like to use?
How are you keeping yourself sane during this virus? I am typically a traveling so its been pretty rough for me.......
Dentists of reddit, are you guys currently still practicing your craft? If so why?
What gives you satisfaction when it is completed but annoyance while it is being done?
What is the most money you spent on something and automatically regret it?
People with a foot fetish. What is the biggest misconception you’ve heard?
What's a food that is actually really good that a lot of people won't even try based on the looks and what it is?
Mexican Americans of Reddit. I seek your input in particular. Can you please help me? [Serious]
If OP was an alien from Mars what questions would you have for him?
You are hanging out with two of your best friends on your scooters, when one of your friends suggests that you sit down and chat for a while, but as you start sitting down, the base of your scooter swings and hits your ankle. What do you do?
What do you miss from your school days?
Redditors who have picked up a real-life sidequest, what is your story?
What book changed your life?
What's the creepiest thing(s) you've seen on the internet?
What is that one picture that describes the lowest point in your life?
Which Lord of the Rings character holds the title of biggest cock?
Just for fun, what exact date do you predict the world will end and why?
What's the worst thing you've seen online?
What episode of It’s Always Sunny just popped in your head?
Ladies who don't do oral sex on men, what's your reasoning? [Serious]
Who’s a hot chick or dude you really wanna bang?
What's the clingiest thing you've done?
What have you been doing the past two-ish weeks?
Redditors, what is the most corrupt/bad thing you’ve either done or witnessed in your own workplace?
Why isn't there much pro-police propaganda?
If you're a person on a dating site, do you have to disclose you have a child or children?
Mexican Americans of Reddit. I seek your input in particular. [Serious]
Is it possible for a younger person to have more life experience then someone who is older?
What are some unique nicknames for your significant other that aren't "babe" and "hun" and so on?
Stoners of Reddit, what is your favorite high story?
What's something odd you've physically found attractive about someone?
What does Tony the Tiger do when he’s not eating Frosties?
Gamers of reddit, what games would be great introduction to a much broader genre?
You take off your glasses to have sex and say "I don't need glasses to _____"
What’s the worst food and drink pairing?
What do you look for when you masturbate?
People who have experienced Stockholm syndrome what was it like ?
If you had to write a short paragraph about yourself what would it say?
People who have been to jail or know a bit more about it, what are some bad things going on in there that no one is even talking about?
[SERIOUS] Why do parents always take the side of a younger sibling and not listen to reason?
What are the best movies from your country?
Hey gayz, its my first minute on Reddit. I just want to ask something funny. What was the stupidest joke, which made you laugh so loud?
What a best tv series that can pass the time in, let’s say.... 12 More days?
People who have done a complete 180 personality change, what is your story?
What is better to send messages through? Insta, snap, default message app, etc.
If you could go back, hug someone and tell them that it will all be okay, you will do alright, who would it be and why?
Is dysfunctionality becoming new normalcy?
People who seem to be the bringers of bad omens, what makes you think this about yourself?
What are some great but easy to play PC / Console games?
What is the one thing you wish you weren't proud of?
People of reddit who study plants or animals, what are some facts that will blow our minds?
Redditdudes, why do you subtweet about your ex?
What's an emotion you feel that you can't perfectly explain?
After all of this, who is the first person will you hug?
Which sitcom would be most negatively impacted by taking away its laugh track?
Which software or application is your source of good music ?
What's an emotion you feel but you can't perfectly explay?
Prone masturbation, why do you do it?
What netflix series i should watch for thriller?
What is the most out of character thing you've ever done?
What’s your night time routine?
Whats an emotional you get but you can't fully explain?
What is that sub-reddit you keep meaning to unsubscribe from every time you see it in your feed, but you just never take the time to do it?
What question you definitely don't want to be asked by your parents ?
How different of a person (if at all) do you think you could be if you went to a completely different high school and had a completely different high school experience?
What movie traumatized you as an adult?
Dear employed Redditors, are you working right now and should you be considered an "essential worker" why/why not?
[Serious] People who've been told to give up your dreams, where are you now?
What is with these hospitals firing doctors for wearing masks? Is it some kind of privatized healthcare thing?
(SPOILER) To the people who saw the movie Cats, how bad was it?
Where is Dustin Hoffman, Brad Pitt, Milla Jovovich, and Will Smith when they're supposed to be on top of this?
People who attended university in the top 50, does it worth it?
What is that one thing you would lie on your resume?
What is the most entertaining thread you've ever read on another website?
What’s your favorite small or niche community on Reddit?
[Serious] How do you define spirit?
What's keeping you from living as a truly good person instead of just an okay person, like most people?
What line has to be crossed before it is moral to take another's life?
What is the best and worst part about living with your significant other?
What is a compilation about your life you would want to see before you die?
Who is your favorite film director of all time?
Why as humans are we so afraid about being perceived as ugly?
Men of Reddit, you’re at a urinal peeing and someone shoved your dick back into your pants as you’re peeing and starts walking away. What do you do?
What’s your favorite small or niche community on Reddit?
What is the most useful recreational skill in your opinion?
What's your most unrealistic dream?
If you could choose, how would you want to die?
What's something only you think you do but your sure other people do?
What is the one thing you wish you would never see again when you turn on the news?
Smash brothers fans of reddit, when was the last time you took a shower?
Why?
How is your mental health doing?
Ladies of Reddit, does length matter more than hardness, vice versa, or neither? Why or why not?
If the world was going to end how do you think it would go down?
What’s a strange or odd tradition that you have with your friends or family, that has been going on for an extended period of time?
What did you do today?
How do you wipe without smearing poo everywhere?
If a boy cums, are they not a virgin anymore?
How have your parents disappointed you?
What's the nicest thing you've done for a complete stranger knowing you will likely never see them again?
[Serious] How would the world today react to the bubonic plague returning compared to in the middle ages?
What was your most hated subject in school? Why?
Have you ever been forced to do what you thought was innocent activity as a kid but now that you look back it was just because the person was a pervert?
Redditors of reddit how do you question a question that has already been questioned questionably for being questionable before?
What's something you completely freaked out about, only to realize it wasn't a big deal?
What is something that you had a great time doing, but would never do again?
Hey Reddit: Now that we’re all watching a lot of television, what’s the best tv opening sequence of all time?
What are you sick of hearing?
At what point does someone become clingy?
People of Reddit, what is he creepiest dream you’ve ever had ?
What's an interesting Reddit rabbit hole that is great for getting lost in for hours?
You have a chance to give your second chance of living (you will die, the other lives) to someone, who would it be?
What is the best moment of your life so far?
People in relationships, what do you feel/think about long-distance relationships now that we all are locked in our homes?
With the exception of sex, what is other thing you do that makes you feel like you're in heaven?
You can choose any dead media franchise to revive and they will stay the same quality as you remember, what do you pick?
Why don't you guys get a job?
What are some of the “Hey boot, go to the comm shop and ask for a prc-e9” but in the civilian world?
Older siblings of reddit, do you wish you were an only child? Yes or no why?
What is your favorite kind of bread?
What’s the most boring thing you’ve done in the last 24 hours?
Reddit Fast Food Employees, Whats the Most original way Someone has asked their Food?
What Are Some Good Love/Romantic Songs I Can Send To My GF During The Quarantine?
What are some subtle differences between a trashy party house and a "nice" home?
Girls with small tits, how often do you wear a bra?
What would be the most disturbing song for Kidz Bop to cover?
What’s something you want but can’t have right now?
whats wrong with letting the free market decide who gets a ventilator?
What is the powerhouse of the cell(Joke replies)?
How to get inspired to go back to culinary school?
What fictional work will be better once it enters the public domain?
Women of reddit, how would you help a guy get over his ex?
Women of reddit, would you be able to gather around and help a guy get over his ex?
What is your favorite city?
How do you feel about the upcoming election results being overwhelmingly blured?
To anyone that transitioned sexes and hate it now, why?
What are you fucking awesome and sexy motherfuckers doing with your Friday night?
What kind of dark sorcery do graffiti artists use to spawm their graffitis in impossible places?
You wake up and you are suddenly 50 years older. What's the first thing you do?
How many fucks do you personally give; right now, one maybe?; how bout two?
What is your favorite season of the year?
What is the defining joke of your generation?
Why are you going to die?
(Serious) What is a normal age for and number of existential crises?
Girls with small tits, how often do you were a bra?
Which country has the most proud people?
how to beat a meat?
Which do you prefer: Blonde, Brunette, Redhead, or Unnatural Colour?
When this is over what new skill will you have?
What are some good songs to cry to tonight when thinking about a forever alone life?
What have you been doing more of lately ?
What would 38-year-old Kevin McCallister do these days?
How would you react if you were told that the year 2020 was in fact not cursed, but instead the entire decade was cursed?
[Serious] Redditors what's the bravest thing you've done?
What’s a great song with a one-word title?
What are the ethics behind giving someone the ability to do something wrong? Does it become your fault if they do something bad?
Is it true that reddit really hates instagram?
What’s the biggest cooking mistake you’ve ever made and what was the result?
Smart people, how does one find the right question to ask?
Married Men of Reddit, how long have you been married? and do you still get excited to see your wife naked? Does she get annoyed over if you are excited or not?
What's the nicest, most pleasant dream that you've had?
Who is your favorite Mortal Kombat Kharacter and why?
What's a basic fact most Americans don't know?
What are the Best Places to travel in the World?
Mugging victims of Reddit, what did you do? Fight, run, or comply?
People of Reddit with hidden talents, how did your family and friends react when you told or showed them?
We are 25% into 2020, what are your predictions for the rest of 2020 ??
What’s the weirdest smell you ever smelled?
What is your irrational fear?
What's your favorite thing about the Reddit Community?
What are some other good ask related subreddits?
If you can change one thing about your life to make it better, what will you change? And why?
What is your favorite theme song from a childhood show?
Ex-homeless people, how did you get off the streets and what was the hardest part?
What is the best &gt;$10 you have ever spent?
What have your experiences been like when socializing with strangers that randomly started talking to you?
AskReddit, what is the dumbest way you got very hurt?
What is something small/inconsequential that you still regret?
Which near-future technology are you hyped about?
[serious] What do you do when your pet’s butt is always dirty?
What is something you made recently that you were really proud of?
What Food From a Cartoon Would You Wanna Try IRL
What do people from other parts of the world assume British people are like?
What is something small/totally inconsequential that you still regret
What was the greatest change for the better you've seen in someone?
People of Reddit, what's something someone said to you long ago, that you still think about?
What song gave you chills the first time hearing it? Why did it give them to you?
What are some ways people who have birthdays coming up can celebrate in quarantine?
What is the best cereal and why?
You now run a company that produces something you despise, any decision you make will happen. What is this company? and how will you fix or destroy this company?
In a 69 which is the guy? The 6 or 9?
Would you ever want Rick Sanchez from Rick and Morty to be your real grandpa? Why or why not?
[Serious] If you threatened a random person you weren’t initially intimidated by, what would be the scariest thing they could say that would make you rethink the confrontation?
Which historical figure's biography would look like a fictional book?
What fact sounds fake but is actually real?
Would you cuddle with small cute fluffy affectionate meowing purring kitten? Why or why not?
What stresses you out and how do you deal with it?
Which band/artist is overrated in your opinion? Why?
Guys what sexism did you face in school?
What are some pickup lines that are both insulting/offensive but also a compliment?
If you could lick any part of your body that you currently cant reach, what would you pick?
What is a show or movie from your childhood that feels like a fever dream when you remember it?
How to stop being afraid of leaving the house in fear of seeing ex who abused?
What is the strangest/worst/scariest concert experience you've ever had?
What’s a weird fact you know but haven’t found the right time to bring it Up?
Hey google what is reddits opinion on politics imbeded in company adverts?
What is karma on reddit?
What’s your best experience involving a car?
What’s the funniest/stupidest/worst thing you did or said as a kid?
What's something that triggers your inner Karen?
Why if the U.S. has a good quality of life and education, why is it the origin of extremist / stupid idiologies?
Teachers of Reddit, what are some examination questions based on 8th grade or lower that will make highschool seniors cry?
What do sour patch kids and baby back ribs have in common?
Phone solicitors of Reddit: what do yo do when phone solicitors call you?
What cereal mascot would win a fight to the death, why?
What’s a lie that only the young believe?
Why do you pronounce it data and not data?
Ex Teachers of Reddit, what made you quit being an educator?
People with anxiety, how you would recommend a close friend to help calm you down in the event of an anxiety attack?
What’s an extremely common food that you think is revolting? Why?
For those of us who have been furloughed from our jobs, how are you going to pass the time away?
Have pop tarts gotten smaller in the last year or two?
If you had 1 day to fake your death, how would you do it?
Does baking n95 and n99 masks actually work?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve heard over a walkie talkie?
What's your favorite short story?
What song or music are you listening to?
What’s is your first and last name and the name of your first pet?
what is karma whoring?
Females of reddit,at what age you came to know that you have a vagina?
Non-virgins of reddit, how did it feel to lose your virginity, how old were you, and how did it happen?
Who’s your favourite vampire?
How can someone stop being addicted to masturbating?
whats wrong with letting the free market decide who gets a ventilator?
What are a few of the items you most want to check off your bucket list? What are some you've already done?
People of reddit who are 8 of your hero's in no particular order?
Furries who play TTRPGs: How often have you used your sona for them?
Why if the U.S. has a good quality of life and education, why is it the origin of extremist / stupid idiologies?
PS5 or Xbox Series X, why?
Which picture comes in your mind when you hear the word ' India '??
What really irritates you about other people in your house?
What are some great one liners to ask someone out?
What are some fun subreddits for nerds in these trying, very stressful, somewhat depressing times?
Garbage men and garbage women of Reddit: what gift would you LOVE to get during this time as a thank you for your work?
What’s the most wild thing you’ve seen from the car next to you at a stop light?
[Serious] Are lucid dreams possible? if so, how can you have them?
What is supposed to be sacred and not fucked with?
What does rest of the world think of US during COvID crisis
If some mysterious dude offered you a $10,000 note on the condition that you lick one side as is completely, would you do it? Why or why not?
Why wouldn't it be a good idea for the us gov to reimburse the thousands of dollars that students pay in interest on loans in order to help simulate the economy if they are still responsible for the tens of thousands they have left to pay?
Do alcoholic drinks really taste better in a specific glass? If so why?
To all the tiger king fans, did carole baskin really kill her husband? please share ur reasons.
People of Reddit: When did you realize you had to cancel the wedding?
What makes you sad?
Just like the guy that let a stranger cut in front of them at the grocery store only to find out the stranger was the 1 millionth customer and got a giant prize, how close were you to getting your 15 minutes of fame and what happened?
A new mathematical constant akin to “pi” (3.14) and “e” (2.72) has been discovered. What is this constant, and what does it represent?
What's the furthest you've ever fit something into your butthole?
What's the furthest you've ever fit something into your butthole?
Who is your favorite Digimon?
What's your favorite cartoon and why?
Whats your favorite song and why?
What movie was way ahead of it’s time?
What Great Idea you have for reddit, that you wish could get implemented?
Whos your go to the depths of hell battle companion? Living, dead, fiction, book/movie?
What’s the most wild thing you seen from the car next to you at a stop light?
What's that song that goes (chorus) da da da da da, da da dat-ta daa, daada da da da da DAA, da da dat-ta daa, daa da-DAA daa daa daa? (from my memory im guessing it was 2009-2012). the melody has been stuck in my head for the past 3 years and i dont know the words, help please.
What’s your favorite color?
What's your favorite short story.
You have one week to become the account with the most karma/followers on Reddit. What would you do?
What’s your favorite number and why?
What was that one song which went something like de ded de duuumm de de de de duuuummmm. Dadada dum. Dadada duuuumm. Dadadada dum, dum, duuuuuuuuum. Dedededd duuuuum.etc?
What fact did save your life?
What was the worst lie you have told on Reddit?
How has censorship (of any kind) negatively affected your life?
Who are the highest paid athletes in the world in 2020?
What’s something that completely blew you away as a kid that’s unimpressive now?
What’s your favorite number?
You get a $100M budget to make a feature film, but you have to shoot it on a smartphone in ten days. What kind of movie do you make?
Gamers of reddit, what is your favorite video game and favorite character in that video game?
What’s a movie you think is underrated?
What seems like an easy job, but is actually really difficult?
What's a skill that's surprisingly easy to pick up?
What's that song that goes (chorus) da da da da da, da da dat-ta daa, daada da da da da DAA, da da dat-ta daa, daa da-DAA daa daa daa? (I can't remember the rest, from my memory I'm guessing it was from 2009-2012). This melody has been stuck in my head for the past 3 years and I don't know the words
What’s a magpie you think is underrated?
Parking inspectors of Reddit, why do you do it?
What is the best food-beverage combination?
Non-US Redditors, how are they reporting what's going on here?
Why are you a certified badass?
What is a specific phobia or fear you have that you are sure not many people have?
what is your favourite word?
What is something popular that just annoys you?
Hunters of reddit. What is the scariest thing you've seen in the wilderness?
What are the best fingerstyle songs to learn on guitar?
When viewing a post, how do you enable the comments to be a single thread only?
Medical personal during covid19 pandemic. Can you bring a test kit home for family or friend, test them, then send it in to get reviewed? Just because your husband shows symptoms, can you do this as a perk of working in the field?
What is a fiction story that is not popular around the world?
Anyone else use music for meditative purposes? (not meditation specific songs but for example, if a calm rap song has a piano in the background I will focus solely on the piano and block out the rest of the song)
What was the funniest thing you saw or read on the internet today?
People who have been in a tragic accident and came out fine. What’s your story?
You are about to lose your hearing but you get to choose what you hear last, what are you choosing?
People of Reddit who've moved around a lot in life, what did you do to make a house feel like home??
What is your favorite Five Nights at Freddy’s game, and why?
What’s one of your happiest moments that was immediately followed by one of your lowest moments?
people who have had appendicitis: what did it feel like?
People who normally don't eat bread ends - are you eating them now?
What would you do with a death note?
What can couples do at home on weekends to make them special when they're also home the rest of week?
2020 is the worst year since?...
What are the statistics between introverts and extroverts who got sick, considering introverts shy away from people and extroverts like to talk to everyone?
What trendy food(s) are overhyped?
What's a movie with a simple premise but flawless execution?
Is being a Christian and being bisexual okay?
I’m new to Reddit but why is everything deleted when you sort “top posts all time”? Or is it not deleted but you can’t comment?
Adults of reddit,any advice for us young'ns
what is life in simple words?
Why does a post duplicate a bunch of times when in pending?
What are some fun/unique/interesting drinks to make/have (or relaxed drinking games to do) with family for a 21st birthday given the stay-at-home policies?
Remember when we thought trying to get a Popeyes chicken sandwich was crazy?
Sex workers of Reddit, how has COVID-19 impacted your job?
How late in life did you suck your thumb, and how did you get away with it as you got older?
What part of the world looks like it could be on a different planet?
Let's make an anti-bucket list. What is something you'll never do (again)?
Why does hentai videos from hentaihaven not play?
If you could tell one lie and everyone you told believed it, what lie would you pick?
What song do you sing in your head to tune people out?
What are some good online multiplayer games to play with boyf ?
What about your most awful relationship made it your worst, and how long did you date them for?
What food do you crave right now?
What are some fun/unique/interesting drinks to make/have (or relaxed drinking games to do) with family for a 21st birthday? (Given the stay-at-home policies)
Live in landlord is a pedo ... Help
What is the etymology of ‘nut’ used as a euphemism for orgasm?
What are some good multiplayer games to play with the boyf while in quarantine?
Americans of reddit. What is one candy or treat that you can only find in Canada?
What is your funniest story when you got drunk?
Can anyone name something, anything, in life that fair? If so, what is it?
Hey nights owls, what's your go to late night snack?
What's the dumbest way you've accidentally broken a phone?
All things considered, what is the best album ever? Why?
How can you prevent that your post to get 'unseen' or lost from a Throwaway account with low karma?
People who loved the first frozen movie, how good is the second one in comparison?
What is your WTF dream?
Dreamers of Reddit. What was your Weirdest or Coolest Dream?
People who did the Run the Gauntlet challenge, what video made you tap out?
Is it whoa or woah?
In the movie "once upon a time in hollywood" why was nothing mentioned about roman polanski being a creep?
What celebrity do you think is not practicing social distancing?
Anyone looking for a moderator?
Has Covid-19 somehow made your life better?
People of Reddit who know things, what do you do to win a scholarship?
Hey reddit, the goverment says the people of reddit can burn one last person at the stake, who do we choose ?
Have you ever come across NSFW content of someone you knew? What did you do about it?
What makes a good man?
How are you different in real life to how you are online?
What are the best and worst live-action films of TV shows and animated movies?
Men of reddit what was the most awkward thing that made you get a boner and did you ever act upon said boner?
How was your sleep paralysis experience like?
How different will Halloween trick or treating be this year?
Why is Hennessy assiociated with feeling sorrows/depression more than other alcoholic drinks in pop culture?
High density / big city residents.... What's the craziest thing you've seen through through someone else's windows? [NSFW]
When was a time you didn’t get drunk at a party? What was your story?
How does everyone feel about pierced nipples?
Explain the reasoning behind foot fetishes, like why?
If your fbi agent saw everything you do on your computer, what would you be the most ashamed of?
What should you do if you have a N95 mask at home and you’re not a doctor?
Have you ever had feelings for you best friend? If so did you confess and how did things go from there?
You get one chance to fuck any video game character of your choice. Who are you picking?
Ok Reddit, here’s a divisive one for you, who has the best French fries?
Have you ever come across NSFW pictures (or videos) of someone you know? What did you do?
DnD Players, what have been some of your more interesting experiences with Artificer players?
What's a conspiracy theory you could make up right now?
What is the biggest secret you've kept from your parents?
What are you low key really good at?
What was your worst case of procrastinating until the last minute?
How bored are you?
What are some good tips for staying in shape ?
What’s the worst thing your friend has offered you?
How can I pirate stuff without a VPN?
Redditors who created new accounts, why did you do it?
If I were an 18yo living in kentucky could I legally adopt an 18yo a few months older than me?
Young adults of reddit, what song did your parents play when you were a young child child that immediately brings you back?
People of Reddit who enjoy same sex tv couples. Which same sex tv couple, animated or real life, is your favorite and why?
What are some surprising communities where someone out of college can easily make friends?
How did the early 2010s differ from the late 2010s?
[Serious] What's the sexiest name you've ever heard?
How are your hands holding up to the ridiculous amounts of hand washing and alcohol-based sanitization? Cracked? Dry? Bleeding? Normal?
People of Reddit, what is something you didn't realise about your country when you were a kid ?
What is your favorite artistic or creative hobby? Why do you like it?
If your plane crashed and you were stranded, would you eat the dead people to survive if there was nothing else? Why or why not?
This is not a sympathy or sob post, but tomorrow I start a full time job and haven’t worked for 3 years due to panic disorder, what are coping methods you use to get through work?
If you could be isolated with any tv show character, who would it be?
[Serious] Professional/amateur drag queens of Reddit; what is your opinion of "traps"?
If you could go to any planet in the universe and beyond without the fear of dying, which planet would you pick and why?
Do you visit any active forum communities like from early in the millennium? Which ones?
What is a proper explanation and example of what "gaslighting" actually means so that an Eastern European can understand it better?
Today, you accepted your dream position at your dream company. You begin work in 30 days. When work starts, you won't have as much time for yourself. How do you spend the 30 days before your job starts? Do you explore a specific hobby, work on your health, spend time with family, or something else?
Which movies have you watched lately?
Why did you break up with your ex?
Non loser straight guys of Reddit in happy relationships, what’s it like knowing you’re of value to a girl?
It’s 2020 why are we still pretending that Wikipedia is completely unreliable when people can no longer edit information and they clearly list their academic sources at the bottom of the page?
How are you preventing yourself from stress eating lately?
History buffs of Reddit, what is your favorite historical period?
Tough guys and scrappers of reddit, would you fight or run from a naked chubby man smothered in feces and blood charging towards you; also, if you were to stay and fight him how would you take him out if you were unarmed?
Whats something you don't know how to do but are too embarrassed to learn at this point?
Conspiracy theorists, which theory do you reject in favour of the official explanation?
Redditors that have been nude models, what’s it like?
What is the "Area 51" of your country?
What Is a Fact That Sounds Fake?
Ladies of Reddit, what are some good pick up lines that may actually work for guys?
What do you want to be remembered for?
People of reddit what is one weird thing you’ve missed since quarantine started?
People under stay at home orders.... what is there to do this weekend?
When was the worst time you ever craped your self?
What is your favorite thing to see?
what’s your favorite color of flintstones gummy and why?
What would happen if there were a late night comedy program where the host pokes fun at President Trump?
What’s the greatest story you’ve ever heard that involves a friend but not you yet you tell it because it trumps all of yours?
Would you rather get Covid19 or would you rather run into a group of zombies in the middle of the night in the woods with no flashlights, no weapons, and barefoot?
What is your biggest regret from High School?
Why are human names so bland?
If someone can identify as a gender that doesn’t exist then what’s stopping people from identifying as Napoleon the Emperor of France?
People who were on a tv show or in a movie/ were going to be but it never aired. What was behind the scenes like?
Men of Reddit, What's something nice that someone said to you, that you still think about months later?
What was the worst case of spoiled brat syndrome you witnessed?
What’s the best yo mamma joke you know?
So I moved my modem from one room to another. It’s on the same floor and it’s just in the next room. But for some reason the internet is terrible when it’s plugged into this room. Is there any reason why this is happening? Is the coaxial outlet messed up?
Redditors old enough to have gone to the Theaters before the internet, what was it like watching the trailers and actual movie compared to today? [serious]
What is your favorite question?
How to search inside a reddit site (on phone)?
Who’s watched The Wandering Planet on Netflix, and what is your opinion on the film?
What’s impossible to screw up?
What things are normal in your country but when you went to another were they different?
Hypothetical: coronavirus makes its way to rural Turkey, and turns out their hallocinegenic honey suppresses covid19. How does this play out on the world stage?
Where’s the worst place/time you have gotten an erection?
Have you ever received a giant check? What was it for?
People who cannot reach home and are stuck, how is it going for you?
[Serious] To all the “red heads” of reddit, what are your thoughts on your hair colour and do you get discriminated because of it?
Redditors who have met rock stars, how are they different in person compared to their stage personality?
What kind of work are you doing from Home, If you still got Work ?
Redditors, how nasty can your dogs actually be?
High school sweethearts, what is your story?
How does honey make money?
Do you have a family member that you don’t get along with no matter what ?
What’s the best thing that doesn’t exist anymore?
What movie made you take a step back to process life?
What the best app that doesn’t exist anymore?
Reddit, what is a song that most people seem to love but you can’t stand?
Women of Reddit with very small breasts, how do you feel about them? [Serious]
Were you a bully? Who did you bully and why? Do you regret it?
What was your last "normal" day like?
What's your favourite science fact?
What’s some shit you wish you could say to your boss?
[Serious] what is the biggest challenge facing your community/school today?
What are some good app games for couples to play?
What bad traits are you attracted to?
if the world ended right now what would you most miss about your life?
Fellow lefties what are some common annoyances that come from being a lefty?
How do you get the cum stains out of your fursuit?
Stoners of Reddit, what’s your most embarrassing high moment?
What is your favorite thing to look at?
What do you hope doesn’t exist in the future?
Teachers of reddit, has a student ever had a crush on you? If so, what did you do ? Interesting stories?
What is something that happened or something you did in highschool that you wish you could change?
What is something realistic you want to do, but never will be able to?
what is the reason you are ashamed of the way god made you?
What is the funniest/worst thing that happen during your online classes?
What’s something you admire about your drunk alter ego?
How it do bby?
How hard is it to beat Splasher using the d-pad instead of the analog stick for movement?
How does reddit prevent companies from posting all their advertisements into the feed as opposed to paying for ads?
Where are you if you are not where you are today?
Stoners of Reddit, what was your most embarrassing high moment?
People of Reddit what is something you got away with that you didn't think you would?
What makes a good question on Reddit?
If you could destroy or eradicate one thing from this universe what would it be?
How are you doing in the quarantine days?
Women of Reddit with very small breasts, how do you feel about your breasts?
when was the last time you shat in your pants? [Serious]
talk to ushttps://us04web.zoom.us/j/425562343
People of Reddit what is something you told you parents that wasn't true but they believed it
What's the nicest thing that you've witnessed during these current times?
what's the grossest/most painful dare you've ever done?
Two pump chumps??
[Serious] What place do you have fond childhood memories of, but can't go back because it's gone or turned to shit?
Straight people of Reddit, what was the most homosexual thing you’ve done unintentionally?
How does the anti-vaxxer community feel about the administration of circle-circle-dot-dot cootie shots?
What would America be like today if we lost the Revolutionary war?
What’s the worst place to be in?
People of Reddit, if you can Kill One Celebrity and Get Away with it, Who would it be and Why?
[Serious] Redditors who barely escaped death, what is your story?
How do you describe your nation if you can only use fictional characters from movies/anime/TV serie?
when was the last time you what your pants?
If you had to live in a game which game would you choose and why?
Hey Reddit, what's your favorite hot pocket?
How do you cope with your parents being huge assholes but good parents?
What's the scariest thing you could find floating in a toilet?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the one thing that you flat out would refuse to do under any circumstances. Most things you would do to save your life but everyone has at least one thing totally off limits. What is yours?
People of Reddit, what are your entitled parent/sibling stories?
[Serious] What do you think happens when we die?
Readditors, why do you read books?
What movie/TV show is criminally underrated?
Dear reddit, for the rest of your life you have to make eye contact with someone while you use the washroom, who do you choose and why?
Why do stories that stick to one niche (e.g. witches and wizards) feel more uniform and consistent than a story about virtual reality?
Reddit, What made you leave a date midway through?
What did you see someone do that you thought was really dumb, but turned out to be super effective/efficient?
Hi, Im a professor, using zoom, but Im easily bored, I would like to use "geek" references for my stand by images when Im listening to my students speaking, so... what images could be cool to reference as characters in the misterious sound only characters (Im currently using "selee sound only")?
Delivery people of Reddit: what’s the weirdest/worst outfit someone has answered the door in?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the one thing that you flat out would refuse to do under any circumstances. Many things you would do to save your life, but everyone has at least one thing totally off limits
What is the worst injury you had?
What was the most awkward car ride of your life?
Americans, do you feel like we lost our sense of community? If so, when?
What is your favorite fictional language from media?
How to search on a redit site (on phone)?
Cheese lovers of Reddit, what's your favorite kind of cheese?
What is your worst case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time?
How would you explain what country you were in, if you were only allowed to talk about what you’ve been doing in isolation?
What’s your opinion on krogans?
Is there a subreddit out there where redditors could buy custom made bandana masks or scarfs, to substitute for a surgical mask, from other redditors?
What’s a nonsexual physical feeling you really like?
If you could cast a Tiger King movie, who would your dream cast be?
[Serious] People know about mindmaps as invented by Tony Buzan. What is your opinion about the technique? Did/ do you use it? What do you use it for? Did you experience benefits?
Would you consider watching porn as cheating?if so, why?
What’s the worst lie an ex told about you after you broke up?
What's a song/band/singer that isn't well known, but you think everyone should hear at least once?
What mobile device are you using?
What is the weird fact about your life that no one believes when you tell them?
What is the stupidest decision you have ever seen somebody make?
What is one fact that probably no one else knows?
Stimulus checks will start to be distributed April 9th, how will you spend your $1200?
Especially for minorities, would you be offended, and if so to what extent, if a person who did not belong to your ethnicity were to name their child a name from your ethnicity?
What was the worst fight your parents ever had?
What’s it like to be asexual?
What are your thoughts on the Kennedy Curse?
Its been a couple of weeks since I received a spam call. What about with you guys?
when i play video on Reddit after its finish its freeze and i can't replay it?
What’s it like to be asexual
How many genders are there?
What things are "normal" in your country but is different in others?
What was the last thing you ate?
Redditors who actually bought all that toilet paper or know people who did: seriously, why so much?!
Every time your name is mentioned you orgasm. What happens to you?
What do you believe the afterlife consists of, or do you believe there is an afterlife at all?
Hello Reddit, can you help me come up with nicknames involving the name John? For example, hey my favourite donut, long john!
What is av4 and has anyone else heard of it?
What's the most distant you've ever felt from your family?
You Get To Infect One Person With Coronavirus. Who And How Do You Do It?
What OP are you still waiting for an update from?
Dog owners of reddit, what is the worst thing your dog has done while you weren’t home?
Who are you missing right now?
What have you recently discovered about yourself that you wouldn’t have under different circumstances?
What’s your favorite food to smash when drunk ?
To those who have been to prison, what is one of the most important rules that should never be broken?
When did you send a text to the wrong person and it was a disaster?
What is something (food or otherwise) that goes to waste in your household? Has it gotten better or worse recently?
What would be the most awkward song to play in a public place?
What's an Easter egg that you've discovered in real life?
Depressed Redditors, what's something you used to enjoy?
What do you do when you got no one to talk to and you're bored af?
If you could add one small easter egg to Reddit, what would it be?
If the world's population were to be replaced with semi-identical clones of yourself, how well would it function?
Why buy so much toilet paper?
When did you send a text message to the wrong person?
Student of Reddit, what is the best way to make time pass by during online classes?
Why are shows like "The Masked Singer" still allowed to record with a huge studio audience during the Covid-19 pandemic?
If you had god like superpowers would you become a human weapon for the military if they were paying you 50 million a year? Why or why not?
What is the best ringtone for your significant other?
Why doesn’t Warner Bro’s use Bugs Bunny for advertising or promotional sketches any more?
How do you feel about Donald Trump pardoning the Tiger King Joe Exotic?
Users of Reddit, what is your favorite song and why?
What is something (food or otherwise) that always goes to waste in your household? Has it gotten better or worse during quarantine?
How much has your rate of masturbation increases since isolation?
How do I convince my friend to not get a face tattoo?
What was the most annoying thing a sibling did growing up?
People of Reddit, what's the sexiest name you've ever heard?
[serious] If all the electronic devices (data storage, server, etc) suddenly broke down, how much of human accumulated knowledge will be forever lost?
What's the most effective way to dream about a specific person?
What are the most interesting and most weird sub-reddits you can find?
What is the best advice you didn't follow?
What would you immediately do if you suddenly read a major spoiler in a show you really like?
Tattooed people from Reddit. How has your self esteem changed since after you did them?
What small detail about porn annoys you?
[serious] Detectives of reddit, what is the stupidest case you’ve ever worked?
Why do some news sources still have paywalls during this outbreak while streaming services are expanding free content?
People who've walked out on their spouse and kids to start living a new life, why would you abandon your own babies like that?
Why don't you wash your ass with water, why toilet paper?
What is your worst substitute story?
What is the single most important or meaningful thing you’ve ever learned?
How do you escape from the trunk of a car?
What do you think will be the future of Bernie-style democratic socialism in the US: eventually will go mainstream or fizzle out after a while?
If you lift your butt while lying in bed and drop it on the bed, how many times does the bed bounce?
If you could Dis-invent one thing, what would it be?
What candy are you most excited to get at Halloween?
Who will have the most significant death of 2020?
What job did you have that had the coolest/best fringe benefits?
Which show is really underrated but you love it?
Which celebrity do you feel would be a NPC in real life?
What movie has the best soundtrack?
What do you like about krogans?
To those of you who live in Canada, how is it? The weather, the people, the health care, the politics, the economy, and how do you overall view it?
What two seemingly unrelated things have a connection?
What are your top 3 classic muscle car's?
Marijuana users of Reddit, what is the dumbest or weirdest thing you've done while high?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found in a tire? As in, in the tread or sidewall, or even on the inside the actual tire?
How would the world be different if Game Stop was God?
How to connect a new router to a modem with a built in router?
What’s that one special song you play first every time you listen to music?
The apocalypse starts right now what is the first the in 10 feet of do you grab?
How long did it take you to turn off your phone’s lock screen if you live alone (or not)?
Why hasn't prostitution been legalized in North America yet?
What's been your weirdest gas station experience?
[Serious] What'd the biggest challenge facing your school/community today? (besides corona)
What is something that sounds utterly illegal but is technically not?
Welcome to the krusty krab what do you want?
Hey Reddit, what kind of music do you like? Maybe share some links to help a stoned audiophile expand his listening library?
What's the worst feeling in the world?
Go ahead, What is something you want to brag about?
What is more important than love?
Lately I have been experiencing memory issues ever since the age of 20. I Drink but not that much to cause memory loss maybe once every other weekend or three weekends apart. Anybody else have these problems?
What combination of food items do you like to eat that surprises/disgusts others?
What’s your favorite type of gummy?
Restaurant customers of reddit, what was the most disgusting thing you saw when your food was being prepared? [NSFW]
What is the most underrated tourist destination that everyone should visit once?
If you would fall into an addiction, (other than drugs) what would it be?
Neo-Nazis of Reddit, how frequently do you guilty-pleasure-watch "The Sound of Music," and which is your favourite song?
What's the thing you want to hear most?
Alcohol quitters of Reddit. How did you cope with not being able to drink any?
Reddit, What's the 1 Problem You're Constantly Worrying About?
What phrase irritates you as soon as you hear it?
What were those strange plane/rain/thunder noises in the sky at dawn today?
Ex alcoholics of Reddit, if any what is the thing you miss the most from when you were drinking?
What do you think is a good and polite way of promoting one's work online that would make you, personally, more interested in said piece of work ?
What is your favorite question to ask someone to know them on a much deeper level?
People who go through post-history to try and insult someone to prove a point, why?
What are the best romcom movies out there ?
Couples of Reddit, How can you and how did you hook up with your life-long friend?
Did anyone hear the strange rain/thunder/plane sound that was extremely loud in the sky 04/04/2020 at dawn, like near 00:30 am?
what’s the best way to get over a boy/girl?
With everything that’s going on requiring restaurants to not have as many employees what should people who aren’t getting any hours and not being laid off so they can collect unemployment do?
What is the worst advice you have ever received?
Electricians of reddit, what's the most terrifying DIY job you've seen?
We're officially forming a team! What's your number and nickname?
People of reddit who loves magic, what was your reaction to godzilla collabing with magic?
Past-homeless redditors, what happened and are you okay now?
What causes an "ice cream headache"?
What is the best way to make milo?
If everybody actually stayed home like they were supposed to, how quickly would this be over?
[SERIOUS] how do you like to pray?
With Covid-19 requiring restaurants to not have as many employees what should people who aren’t getting any hours and not being laid off so they can collect unemployment do?
When did you realize you might be the villain of the story?
Non conspiracy theorists, which events have almost turned you?
What's a good and polite way to promote your work online ?
People learning software engineering, why are you learning it and what do you find to be hardest?
Wrong answer only: what is Skyrim?
Does anyone else think centipedes smell like sharpies?
How low can your cell phone battery go before you feel uncomfortable?
Dear reddit, if you had to choose between the white house or your own island to survive this end of days, which would you pick and why?
What was the happiest moment in your life?
When did you fall in love with a tv show?
How do you like to pray?
Redditors of Reddit, what is your favourite subreddit?
Flight attendants of Reddit, what are the biggest differences between working in first class and economy?
If you can have a Justsu from Naruto, which one would you want?
Eaters (or drinkers) of Reddit, what's your opinion about soup?
What made you cheat?
What was the worst thing that ever happened to you that turned into a very positive thing? (Serious)
[Serious] If population collapsed, what's the minimum amount of males and females necessary to ensure that the race would repopulate without inbreeding/consanguinity 3-4 generations from now?
What are common signs of sexual tension?
How close is humanity to extinction?
How do you untoast a marshmallow?
Admins of reddit, what video games are you playing now?
What are the benefits or struggles of getting a job as a minor?
What fictional character do you connect with the most and why?
How do english tenses work?
Why do they give out free condoms but not free tampons?
What is the best pressure sensitivity on a digital drawing pad to make comics?
Where are the female krogans at?
What is more pathetic than a man in his late 20s complaining about middle school still?
Teachers of Reddit, now that you’re staying home all day, what are some at home hobbies that you’re able to pick up on again?
What movies do you recommend?
People who've been arrested and tried to escape from the police, what's your story?
How would you have lived your life so far differently as an immortal?
What generic or extremely cheap item do you own that actually exceeded your expectations?
Why do they give out free condoms but not free tampons?!
What’s the best thing to eat with Apple Juice?
Does this pandemic show a universal failure in our society and government?[Serious]
Which kombucha flavor is your favorite?
What is the best pressure sensitivity on a digital drawing pad to make comics
Who is the most, "Fuck with me, and you will get got" character on TV or a movie?
With public areas being quieter than ever, now would be a good time to do road work on busy roads. What other projects could we be doing with all the reduced congestion?
What is ahead of our time?
What is the most haunting memory you have that had no logical explanation?
Seriously, how fucked do you think we are?
What’s the biggest dating disappointment you’ve experienced so far?
What's the worst injury you've ever seen?
Bored people of reddit, as life becomes more boring each boring day that passes, how do you become not bored from boredom?
Xbox players of reddit what’s the funniest thing someone ever told you on Xbox live-chat?
What song do you still listen to that reminds of your first love?
What subreddit has the least amount of toxic pricks?
What’s the most awkward experience you’ve had with a crush?
What's a movie that was a box office flop or that the critics thrashed that you enjoy?
United States citizens of Reddit, Now that the job market has officially collapsed, what are you going to do now that we are heading for a new great depression?
What is the smallest white lie that snowballed into something out of control?
Wingmen, what was the hardest you ever saw your friend get shot down by their crush?
Drug users of Reddit, how easy or hard of a time are you having finding drugs with everything going in and which drugs specifically?
What is a hobby that you secretly love but too embarrassed to share?
[Serious] Has anyone here had their first molars on bottom removed on both sides and if so how is it when you chew?
What's the strangest reason why people have gotten into a relationship that you know of?
In the 1960 film "The Time Machine" based on H.G. Wells famous book, the time traveler travels far into the future, but not before going back home to grab three books. The film asks "Which three books would you take?" So Reddit, which three books are you taking into the distant future?
After spending three months at home, what is something future you would want you to have accomplished?
What is the most creative insult you’ve ever heard?
For those of you that don’t cook often, what is your recent homemade go-to?
Why are krogans superior to Salarians?
What are some times technology has made you feel like an idiot?
Which rabbit hole did you go down today?
How does someone improve karma after abusive down voting?
So a girl I know just lost her boyfriend cause he died. My question is how long should I wait until I can hit her up and try to become her next boyfriend
Reddit users with alt accounts, what is it for?
What is your plan Z when plan A, B, C,..Y of your problems have failed?
What’s something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
What feels illegal but isn’t?
You wake up and it’s January 1 2020. All the events that have happened in 2020 will happen again and you have this knowledge, what will you do?
Strippers, what do you use to smell good?
If you believe someone is gay, how do you go about asking them?
You can be any character from a book, t.v show or move, but the first comment chooses what you don't get to have of the person. who are you?
What is the word you would use to describe the world around you today?
[Serious] FPS Video game cheaters of reddit why do you do it?
Since we’re almost all stuck inside, what are some of your favorite books/audiobooks?
Let’s say Trump gets elected again for president and now it’s 2024. What becomes of the Trump cultists (i.e. people who think he is the American Jesus, not Trump supporters in general)?
Just watched Jojo Rabbit. What other movies have been carried by child actors? This movie blew my mind.
[serious] People have quite literally become a cancer to the Earth. The world population has tripled in 70 years. Add in the rate of pollution and deforestation.. Yikes. What is going to make humanity address the fact that the planet can’t survive our current lifestyles or habits much longer?
What is something that is bringing you comfort right now and why?
People of reddit who have gf/bf, do you still jerk of?
People whom struggle with purple under eyes even though sleeping well etc how does this affect you and your daily life? And what do you do to better your dark «circles»?
What is a rule in your house that was made because of something you did? And what is that something?
Cheapskates of Reddit, what vital thing did you realize that you were gonna have to pony up on and just spend full price?
What is the one word you would use to describe the community and the world around you?
How do you find auditions for movies?
[Serious] Redditors in the armed forces, during this pandemic I have noticed that my depression has made me numb, apathetic, and indifferent to what is going on. Can the same thing happen to soldiers who are deployed or on tour?
Adults on reddit, what’s the meanest thing a child has ever said to you?
Redditors who were supposed to get married in the first few months of 2020 , what's the scene now?
What are some lessons we’ve (hopefully) learned from these last 3 months?
What are some helpful reddit bots that are little known or widely known?
What was your favourite book series you read as a child/teenager?
What is the one word you would use to describe Covid?
Is essential to have a good teacher when you learn an instrument, why?
When’s the last time you were flat-out rejected and how did you handle it?
What was the last fight you were in about?
What’s the most Reddit thing you can do outside of Reddit?
Flight attendants of Reddit, what are the biggest differences in working first class versus economy?
People whom struggle with purple under eyes even though sleeping well etc how does this affect you and your daily life and what do you do to better your dark «circles»
How many curse words can you make in scrabble using the letters available? What are the best ones?
Who is better, Kirk or Picard?
Is this essential have a good teacher when you learn an instrument why?
What are some TV shows that would have amazing takes on what's going on in the world right now?
What’s a meme video that you watched that had multiple of the same after it?
Veterans/active duty of reddit, what is the worst thing you've ever been told/asked by a civilian?
Where is the worst place in the world right now?
What Two Entirely Different Things Can Be Described Exactly The Same?
What’s something you have experienced that people might not believe ?
Why is your country so tolerant?
Who is your spirit fictional character?
If you happen to buddy up over the next 6 months, what’s the sexiest way to ask about their STD testing?
What are some life changing documentaries that everyone should see at least once ?
Twenty years from now you’re The US President. But twenty years ago you asked an askreddit. What was it?
People that have been to places that are now abandoned, what were they like before?
What is the stupidest thing you have done when horny?
Who makes you proud of the most?
So with this corona thing going around everyone has gone unholy so, what is the most wholesome moment have you had with your significant other?
People of reddit who don't jerk off daily, how do you do it?
You are paid $1 million if you can beat up any celebrity and win (no child or opposite sex) who would you beat up?
What feels illegal, but isn’t?
Bartenders of Reddit, do you have any experiences where you lived through a Bar joke worthy moment?
What is an obvious sign that people don't like someone that often gets overlooked?
You have the opportunity to talk to your past self at one time period for 1 hour, when do you choose and why?
How will the world, and your life, be different after this pandemic?
Redditors, if you lived in a society of super-powered individuals and they were the minority, what would your views be on them?
Why do you still care about the world?
What are some foods that aren’t usually deep fried, but would be so much better if they were?
Which tv show had a perfect ending?
What is your favorite scene or chapter from a book or short story?
With webcam "dating" becoming the new norm, it seems only right to ask...how many webcam dates until you whip it out?
What subreddit is the worst in your opinion and why?
What is something only rich people know about?
What is a movie quote that has stuck with you til this day ?
How are you able to cope up with the current situation in the world ?
What is something only poor people know about?
What's the most disgusting condiment?
What do you add to your spaghetti?
What book would you love to see be adapted to film or tv show?
What have your family members done that have completely ruined a Holiday/Special day?
Why does people on social media and baking shows keep making those ugly ass drip designs on cakes?
[Serious] What is your favorite family tradition growing up?
If you could erase one past experience, what would it be?
If someone is black but raised and grew up in a "white culture", is the "black culture" part of them? English is not my native language. PS: Question can be asked the other way around e.g: White but raised and grew up in a "black culture"?
People in WFH positions, how many hours do you work?
what do you want "nudged" off your life?
What would the Avengers be doing during the outbreak?
Lonely people of reddit how many years has it been since you’ve actually had a best friend(s)?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told without getting caught?
Managers of Reddit, what is your favorite “I am the manager” story?
If you have a Bipolar father in his early 50's who also has PTSD and is being self-destructive with his life-style, how would you push him to take care of himself?
Australian Redditors, how's your country doing after the fires?
Do you ever associate colours with school subjects and why (math is blue, science is green, etc)?
what is a sign that someone is really immature?
Good dares for boys
What is the most effective workout motivation ?
What's the best thing you own?
What's a show that would have an amazing episode about coronavirus, the quarantine, and social distancing?
What are you doing to fight boredom at home?
PEr capita, New busIneSses need to have how many? And when? Explain your answer?
What are we collectively toasting to tonight?
Why are you awake at this hour?
How long must one stay in a city/state before they can "rightfully" claim it as their home? For example, when can you root for the home team of the city to which you recently moved?
What always makes you cry?
Housekeeping workers of Reddit what’s the most annoying client story you have?
How would the StarWars opening crawl for Episode 10: United States of America go based on the current state of things?
You find out that by tradition everybody in your family is trans. Now its your turn, what do you do?
Users of Reddit, why do you use Reddit?
If you paint a bee black, what will happen when she's bringing the honey home?
Gamers of Reddit: What is the pinnacle of all gaming controllers?
Adults of Reddit, how tf do you make new friends?
People who have changed careers, what made you decided it was time for a change?
Employers who have had to close their offices and switch to telecommuting. How is productivity going? If it is going well enough is there a point where you would consider downsizing office overhead to maybe just a meeting space or something similar?
What would you do if you were homeless for a night?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the dumbest lie a child has said for being late?
Which is the best season of Power Rangers in your opinion?
[Serious] What was the weird little superstition your family had growing up?
People who have a parent or sibling who works in the police force. What happened when you got in trouble with the police?
What’s your favorite food to eat while high?
You throw your phone now where is it landing?
Can you connect a Steam Link Black too a Xbox One S?
What are schools grades below middle school doing, those seem like they’d be harder to really do online since it’s one teacher all day?
Tattoo artists of reddit, what is the worst tattoo request you’ve ever gotten?
How do you prove to people that you dont watch and never plan on watching porn or hentai?
Whatever thought. What if you could catch an evening flight from New York to California on Fourth of July. Could you possibly see three hours worth of fireworks during the journey?
People of reddit, how often do you masturbate?
What's that embarrassing song you like listening to every now and then?
Girls of reddit, what are the goods and bars of being a girl?
Those of us that are high right now, what’s something interesting or significant that’s happened to you today?
What mannerism or saying do you have, that in the future, it’ll give away your age and automatically “uncool”?
What's the best snack to have at 2am in the morning?
If you had a preview of your entire life and an option to be born, would you choose it? Why/Why not?
What things/people make you go hmmm?
redditors who drive/own a vehicle, how much do you spend a month on gas?
Girls of Reddit, how does it feel to know there are perfectly good guys out there getting with hookers and not yourself?
Teachers are told to focus more on the "problematic and troubled" students more, because they know everyone else will be just fine. Why shouldn't the same apply to cops in regards to bad neighborhoods?
What does a movie need for you to call it "True Cinema"?
You’ve just been called a 12 year old on the internet, your reputation in the internet circle/group is at stake, how do you respond to that people of reddit?
Do you think there’s someone that genuinely cares about what you think of them?
An middle-aged meth head lady runs up to you and throws her arms up in the air with her crazy eyes staring into your soul and she shouts "Analingus powers activate!" What will you do?
Alright Redditors, what’s your best Dad joke?
What song is a banger no matter what mood you're in?
If 9/11 was an inside job, how did they pull it off?
What's your opinion on John Leguizamo?
Who is considered a war criminal in other countries, but not in their own?
People of Reddit what is your best strategy to keep a conversation going?
If your back had a pull string, what would your catch phrase(s) be when the string retracted?
Due to COVID-19, what are some funny first world problems you are having?
Why did it have to send grandma away?
If your current situation right now became permanent, what would you do?
What was something that happened to you as child that you didn’t realize was disturbing until you got older?
Gamers of Reddit, if you could use any controller new or old to play your games, what would it be?
If your current situation never changed, what would you do?
People who kept talking about wanting to just take a month break from work and not do anything at all, how are you coping now?
How often do you comment?
If your life was a movie, what would you want the soundtrack to be?
Sometimes I have very unpopular opinions that are later very accepted. When has this happened for you?
If all adult content was locked behind a paywall, some as low as a penny and as high as current prices, how do you think life would be affected taking into consideration bootlegging is impossible?
What is the weirdest glitch that you have even seen in a video game?
What are some common misconceptions about you?
What are your opinions on sexting other people whilst in a relationship?
What's something you've fallen in love with during all of this?
People of Reddit what is your best strategy to keep a conversation going
How do you know if the sexual tension is mutual?
Gamers of reddit.What was your best/worst experience with a character customization menu?
What did you think of Doom Eternal?
There’s been a lot of questions here about pranks that you’ve pulled off, but what’s the best prank that someone pulled on you?
If we can all get behind Dr. Fauci to save us from an epidemic, why shouldn’t we get behind him to run for president?
Dear world, please don’t judge us by our idiotic president. We’re all in this together! ❤️ With that in mind, what small (or large) things can we do to help each other through this?
How do you define democracy?
If you could wish for anything what would you wish for and why?
What’s your proudest moment in life?
To anyone who’s ordered food for delivery, what’s the worst excuse the delivery guy gave for being late?
What is an itch?
What are some of your interesting shower thoughts?
What song are you listening to repeat what right now?
You've just died. You get a chance to look at the highlights of your life before moving on to the afterlife. What song would you want to be in the background of these highlights? In other words, what would you want your "end theme" to be?
i feel a vibration of some kind in my chest when i breathe in. it has happened somewhat recently and i usually notice it when i’m relaxed. it’s only on my right side and it’s not painful. i have no idea why this happens.
Whoa! Give mee some ganza?
What is something no one can hate ?
For those alike who don’t want to buy medical/surgical face masks due to preventing shortages, which websites can we buy fabric masks that are reusable/washable?
When you hear the words “boy” “girl” “man” “woman”, what race do you first picture?
Why should we, the rest of the world, screw America?
What is a great memory from your childhood you wish you could go back to?
What is your bizarre severe allergies?
What is Useless but still a resource?
What’s a story you really wanna see done, but no one has down it or is doing it for some reason?
British People of Reddit: How does Cricket work, and how the hell are you supposed to drink tea?
Military personnel of Reddit, what’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen a new recruit do?
Does the icon of sin grow stronger the longer he is on earth?
Why do some left-wing people believe that the Allied countries during WW2 were xenophobic and racist for not wanting their countries to be taken over by Germans?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want even if it's illegal. What would you do?
What are some of the weirdest food combinations that actually taste amazing?
(Serious) What's the most nsfw thing you've done in a Truth or Dare game?
What’s the strangest, yet compelling, rabbit hole you’ve ever found yourself pursuing after reading a small tidbit on Reddit?
When was the time you wanted to join a club at school, but last minute you decided not too?
What's a boring killer for you?
Which lesser known person from the past deserves hero status?
Ex-inmates of reddit what was the most memorable thing that you've seen in prison?
Are mental health issues get worse now, or are we just hearing about it more now?
Where is somewhere to have actual intelligent political discourse?
what's wrong with using the peak demand pricing model on masks and hand sanitizer?
What is a red flag you noticed after you left the relationship?
What can we do to bring bands like 98 degrees and O Town back?
Why do you think that serial killers and shooters are mostly male?
Gamers of reddit, which mmorpg community would you say is the most cancerous? And which, in your opinion, is the best?
What added power would have turned your night into win or bigger win?
Cops of Reddit, what is the dumbest criminal you've ever met?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want even if it's illegal. What would you do? No affiliation with the FBI I promise.
What's the proper way to deal with farts early into a relationship ?
People of Reddit, what 'heroic' act did a student done at school?
Essential workers of Reddit - how can we (The Reddit Community) help you?
Teenagers of Reddit, do you think we’ll survive climate change? Why or why not?
What show is always playing on the tv at your house?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do? (No affiliation with the FBI)
How many people feel sexual tension? Both or just one?
What did 2010 you think 2020 you would be doing?
What hurts worse—Being shot, or stabbed?
What is your favorite starburst and least favorite?
Healthcare workers/redditors who are used to washing their hands 1000 times a day, how do you keep your hands moist?
What's a really good Sci-Fi show?
Why and backwards question a ask you if work bots the do?
What "incidentc your school that scarred you or other for the rest of the school year?
People who have a foot fetish, what makes them so attractive?
[Serious] Anti-vaxxers of Reddit, would you get a COVID vaccine if it became available?
Should I date during the Corona Virus?
Why should we, the rest of the world screw America
People who drink (gulp) hard liquor directly out of the bottle, how?
What has changed since quarantine?
Wth happened to the voting arrows?? Why are they on the left now??
how many friends do you have?
Is the U.S in a position where a military coup would actually serve democracy?
[Serious] People who have been in psych wards, what was it like?
What is a simp?
what was the most interesting/strange statements/requests left in someones will that you have personally saw or witnessed?
If you have always battled depression but never been medically treated, how are you handling your shelter and stay?
Why are phishing emails so poorly written and noticeably fake?
What will the history books say about 2020?
What is your favorite movie?
Police officers of Reddit, how has your job changed since various shelter in place orders have been enacted?
(Serious) USA or Canada- Which country, after the trump and 3M fiasco, is going to have a greater shortage of PPE?
What is stopping us from a revolution?
Why did you gave up learning to play guitar?
Reddit, have you ever lost an account and ages later finally get back on to it? What did you see or remember?
People of reddit, do you have any tips on getting rid of eye bags? If so, what?
What have you missed the most during being stuck in the house because of a flu?
What are some of the best examples of Chekov's gun not going off?
You have been teleported to the last game you played and the main character of the last movie you watched will be your teammate so how lucky/screwed are you?
What your drinking game with virtual friends?
What is the worst pick up line you have ever seen?
How do filter/remove the clutter of r/pan?
How efficient is it to throw some car safe soap on a car and let the rain wash it off?
What communities provide the best memes?
What movie ruined the entire franchise for you?
Just an average please but How much does a LJS A&amp;W Co-Brand franchise store owner that owns 3 stores make a month? How much does it cost to run them during the same period?
What are the most funny or questionable Martial arts techniques you've seen?
For historians, how difficult is it to really invade Russia?
What game were you so good at that it resulted to losing friends?
Where can't you get into without a gift?
What have you missed the most during this kickdown?
Why did you choose your current career ?
Dear Reddit, what was the the most NSFW thing to happen at a social gathering?
What are those headphones that have speakers that are shaped earbuds called?
What is something that at first filled you with shame, now fills you with pride?
Please help, can anyone prowling this sub please offer some unrequited kindness to a poor begging stranger who wants a a good image for something meant for a friends birthday?
Do you or do you know anyone that has strange or unusual request in their last will and testament?
Is your brain and your mind the same thing? Why or why not?
How do you get out of a bad relationship without breaking your own heart?
How has the COVID-19 pandemic affected your professional life?
What's the best back story for a nickname that you've come across?
What's wrong with modern music?
Weebs of reddit, what is the best anime, and the worst anime?
Hello y’all, If you are a student who is being home schooled or you’re a parent home schooling your kids or you are a teacher for homeschoolers, and/or you are in an education industry, could you please share your best resources for home schooling and online learning?
What's your favorite movie quote that also is your catchphrase ?
What is that TV show from like a decade ago with a super-human girl and her black cat?
What was the most "out of a Hollywood action movie" moment of your life?
What do you think Reddit should add and/or remove?
If you could travel anywhere, Where and Why ?
Should you have any pause about getting into a relationship with a 27-year-old guy as a 22-year-old woman who has never been in a relationship before? why/why not?
[Serious] Redditors, how are you doing?
What is the one dream that you remember the best?
Redditors who are quarantining solo, how are you doing?
Parents of Reddit, when did you realise your child was smarter than you?
What are some time travel theories?
(NSFW) People who received or sent a nude to someone else accidentally, what happened?
What is one silver lining you have seen amidst this pandemic that gives you a sliver of joy?
What is the one dream that you remember the best
What is your favorite tv show?
To people who were circumcised what’s it like?
When was getting punished worth it?
What is the most overrated invention?
What post did you get the most karma in and on what topic/subreddit
People of reddit who have or had weddings planned this year, how are you planning on complying with recent events?
You will be send to hell to suffer for all eternity the next time you have sex, how does that change your life?
What is the best movie quote you can think of?
Cashiers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing that people hoard from your grocery store (besides TP, bottled water and wipes)?
Which State has the worst schools, and why?
What uncommon YouTube rabbit hole you find yourself going down regularly?
People who were born before 1980 ONLY: What decade did you like better, the '80s or '90s and why?
People who had a side hustle turn into a full blown cash maker when did you now it was working?
What's the coolest trick your pet can do?
What's your personal spooky cryptid story?
How many times have your post been removed because you violated a rule?
What to do if an ex sends people to stalk you?
What's the one song that you always come back to?
An asshole sent around an embarrassing pic of you in front of the whole school. Its nothing serious, as it won't affect teacher recommendations, college admissions, and future employment, but its still cringe. This all happened 3 months ago, and everyone probably forgot about it. What do you do?
People who had a side hustle turn into a flow blown cash maker when did you now it was working?
What online communities do you suggest people join in these times?
What are your plans if this isolation extends for the entire year?
What are some of the best ways you guys have been staying entertained with your friends online?
Where do you live and what is the best and worst part about living there?
How do you know if youre lactose intolerant?
Which conspiracy theory instantly makes you think someone's a moron?
People who have been around big cats, what’s it like?
Where was your last Vacation Destination, Where was your favorite stop ?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
What is something the human body can do but not most people know about?
How do you spawn the Wither in real life?
Mr beast was just killed by a hater and he is given the death punishment and you get to choose how the killer dies what are some crazy ways to kill him?
Whoops! You got bit by the nearest animal. How do you feel?
At what age did you realize life was fast?
Trump voters how do you feel that the leader you elected has accepted that at least 100k people in the U.S will die from the virus that he could have 100% help contain before it reached the U.S.
Men/women of reddit, what are your opinions on tits?
What do you think of the new decade so far? Is it good or bad and explain why?
The Office fans of reddit what scene do you wonder is real?
Favorite video game and why?
What's the most degraded state you're brain has reached from a monotonous life void of human contact?
Where will you be in 10 minutes?
anyone here date a some one out of there race how was it like?
Redditors of reddit, why did you choose your username?
Given the choice, what exotic animal would you love to see up choice?
If you can permanently close one external orifice on your body, which one would it be?
Why girls post so many pictures if it isn’t for attention?
Employees of reddit, does your work have employee of the month? If so, what is a time that you deserved it and went to the wrong person? What is your story?
Who is the biggest madlad is all of history?
Redditors of reddit, why did yo uh choose your username?
Why do we customarily place the US last when naming immigrant populations (African-American, Iranian-American, etc.) here in the States, but the opposite seems to be true in the UK (came across the rapper, Lowkey, who is referred to as British Iraqi)?
If you could look like anyone you wanted, who would you pick?
How long would it take you to get out of your country without motorized vehicle assistance, foot or arm only?
If you suddenly became a 26 year old dude who is overweight, still in undergrad and financially dependent, how would you accept a life of never finding a girlfriend?
Why are you still awake?
What's some good stuff that happened in 2020?
(WRONG ANSWERS ONLY) What is an appropriate line to say right after someone has died?
Dear Redditors: So far, the new 2020s decade already sucks. Agree or Disagree?
What's your usual McDonalds order?
What do you search for in your incognito tab, Except for finding porn?
Prediction time, what will be the major event of April?
What is the most interesting headline you saw?
Anyone fascinated by cryptids and their study but doesn't believe in them?
What do you think will cause humans to become extinct?
What's the best food you've tasted?
How do you imagine a flying burning pigeon in a big city?
What's your, "Fire me I dare you" moment?
[WRONG ANSWERS ONLY] What is an appropriate line to say right after someone has died?
What happens when a day is spent without opening one's eyes?
What's something others likely don't realize that amazes you?
How often do you delete your response to a post because you think it's worthless? What's going through your head when you do so?
Who were the popular kids at your high school?
Healthcare workers of reddit, how are you holding up right now? Do you have anything you want us to know?
What color are your pubes?
What's the best food you've tasted
(Serious) dose anyone know where someone can find a pair of action figure handcuffs for a action figure with very large wrists?
High school / college graduates that cheated through classes, how are you doing career wise now?
What's the absolute worst "I disgust myself" kind of meal you've had?
What're your favorites old and new cartoons?
How is your sleep schedule looking like at the moment?
What is something that is better than something that is better than sex?
What's the absolute worst "I disgust myself" kind of mean you've had?
[Serious] lets say you commit a serious felony, what exactly happens from the moment cops knock on your door, to you serving your first day in prison ?
Why does Madden NFL suck so much now?
So Trump is incompetent, can there be any consequences post-presidency for him?
With the quarantine in full flow, what is your new sleep schedule?
People of reddit with talking birds what’s the funniest/weirdest thing your bird has ever said?
redditors who live alone: how much do you spend a month on food?
Have you ever walked in on your parents having sex or making love? Did they notice? What did you do?
What really should have happened to Thanos?
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?
[NSFW] Ladies of Reddit, what is the "I accidentally sat on my balls" of being a woman?
Medical workers and morticians, what's the spookiest thing you experienced or heard while on duty?
Which meat according to you is the tastiest? [Serious]
Tattoo artists of Reddit, have you evre made a mistake on someone, if so what happened?
[Serious] lets say you commit a serious felony, what exactly happens from the moment cops knock on your door, to you serving your first day in prison
Past and current military. What horror stories do you have about working under an officer?
What’s your idea of the perfect murder?
What is the most illegal thing you have done that you got away with?
[NSFW] Dear sexes of sex, what sex was the sexiest sexy time you’ve ever sexed a sexable? What sex felt the best during sex and if so was it sexy?
What happens when 24 hours pass without opening my eyes?
Married redditors who initially didn't like their spouses when they first met them, what changed things?
What do you think happens after death?
What movie/tv show do you refuse to watch? Why?
In a world where every day presents a new reason not to, why do you keep on living?
What do you have stuck on your refrigerator?
What made you go "ok what the actual fuck"?
Did China really manage to beat the virus or what's going on, and why can't USA do the same?
How have your shits been lately?
What were we talking about before all this, single use plastic?
You're in charge of making a new action movie. What actor/actress will you have as the hero and the villain, who is the songwriter/composer, and what is the plot?
Why do you give X to your friend?
what was the best date you’ve ever been on?
[NSFW] Dear sexes of sex, what sex was the sexiest sexy time you’ve ever sexed a sexable? What sex felt the best during sex and if so was it sexy??!¡?
What are some meals you love to eat at restaurants but are nearly impossible to make at home?
If you're a sexual assault victim who wasn't attacked, insulted or threatened for speaking out against the assaulter afterwards, please tell me what is your story?
For those who have face tattoos, why?
What do you regret about dropping out of school?
How would you describe reddit to someone?
Any instances of you defying the covid lockdown and why?
Old Redditors, what's the dumbest joke you've ever heard?
What's the best response when asked "Why are you mad?" when you're not really mad?
What is the best pastry?
How to get unbanned from a discord server?
At what age do you think people look their best (aka your prime)?
A space alien offers to take you on his space ship to explore the cosmos. However, you must agree to periodic probings (he reckons thrice a space year), and warns you that your winky will shrivel to 1/3rd it’s size for 9 yagnons and four earth days (space shrinkage). What do you do?
What did peasants during the Middle Ages do? What were their lives like? (Serious)
What is a win you’ve had recently?
What's the dumbest question you've been asked?
What are some situations where it would be actually acceptable to be an asshole?
What are some of the unexpected products/services that are seeing an abnormal boom in sales right now?
What was your first love and heartbreak like?
Buddy Holly's death is commonly called the day the music died. In your opinion, what was the day that music truly died?
People who signed a contract without reading it, what happened?
Why would stores have "no arrest" policies that allow shoplifters to come in, take stuff, and leave? How is that fair?
What are you doing to entertain yourself day-to-day currently?
What are your stories of "I searched for copper and found gold"?
How’s everyone spending their time in isolation?
Will a person be able to take a pet parrot to the vet who doesn’t have a tag? If so, is there a possibility the vet could take away that parrot?
You have a chance to become famous/rich/etc for a made-up reason that would convince anyone. What would you want to become and whats your made-up reason that will convince anyone?
Stories of inmates beating each other up, and why?
What is the most secure and technological sound way for votes to be cast for leaders in a society?
How long into quarantine did it take for your exes to come crawling out of the wood work?
What's the single stupidest/unconventional super power you wish you possessed? Why?
Is it shallow if an attractive person only dates other attractive people? Why?
People who claimed that 2020 would be “OUR YEAR”, how do you feel now?
What is your favorite YouTube video?
Despite the massive beating the world is taking right now, what’s a win you’ve had recently? Let’s get some positivity in these trying times
What is a great film or series that you know you're missing out on, but will never watch?
What kind of friends do you have?
(Serious) Homosexual males of reddit: many people like lesbian porn, but how do you feel about lesbian porn? Is it gross? Is it hot?
People who fall asleep on your back... How?
How long do you want your life to be?
Shroom and acid users, what does your favorite trip playlist consist of?
What's a thing you learned doing your job everyone should know of?
What’s the most bizarre job interview you’ve experienced?
How to get over a woman who you dated for a year that abused you and a year after breakup you are still struggling because of what she did?
Moving in with 3 other people, what to ask/clear up beforehand to avoid roommate issues later?
If hell is a song on repeat, what's your song?
What is worse than Reddit? How are you even happy with the internet?
[SERIOUS]What is a horrible thing that an adult/parent has done to you?
What is something you thought everyone knew, but had to teach someone?
What's your favorite snack that discontinued ?
Alfred Yankovic is known by the nickname Weird Al. What would be some good nicknames for other famous people?
Anyone who’s had plastic surgery in your face for any reason, does your face ever feel paralysed like a full face face paint?
What is the most pretentious thing you have ever heard someone say?
Fellow Men Of Reddit!, Do you sit to pee, when your in your own home why, or not?
What are some cat facts ?
People who draw anime porn, do you masturbate to your own drawings?
What's something that is too damned good?
You have a chance to become famous/rich/etc for a made-up reason that will convince anyone. What would you want to become and whats your made-up reason that will convince anyone
What is the most iconic time an object was thrown in cinema?
Which website do you use to watch porn?
You are suddenly teleported 5ft in front of you, how screwed are you?
[Serious] What is something you currently are in need of that you can’t get yourself at the moment?
What was the stupidest idea in human history?
Which method do you like to instantly cut the urge to sleep?
What is the by product of harassment?
Where can someone find easy to learn balalaika chords to learn ?
Hey, Reddit, what song(s) do you know that sounds like it was made in a different decade than it actually was?
What is the best knife you have ever owned?
Anyone els ever have that problem of when you make eye contact with someone you start to laugh or smile instantly?
People of reddit, how have you been dealing with anxiety? (I hope you're all okay)
What piece of media (book, movie, show, game) do you love to hate?
What's your favorite food item, where the generic version tastes significantly better than the brand?
What music makes you less angry?
What would happen if we treated the US like the rest of the world?
What is your favourite youtube channel?
How does a lonely guy stop thinking about having a baby with his sister?
Have you ever asked someone to “Let me know you’ve made it home safely” and something bad happened? If so, what?
Which sub is your favorite to troll?
[serious] What is the worst thing that a person could do?
Americans, what do you think of paid sick leave?
r/askreddit If All-Out Bout existed as an event in real life coming soon, how would you react?
What is a secret you will take with you to your grave?
What kind of spite store would you open and why are you spiteful?
What should you just Google instead of asking Reddit?
What are the best Cards Against Humanity cards you’ve ever played?
How long would it take to get out of your country without any vehicle assistance?
What the infrastructures do we lack of which you had demanded in an emergency before?
What did you have to UNlearn after moving out of your parents house?
What uplifting or happy stories have been glossed over due to the current pandemic?
If you could wake up tomorrow and have a new skill, what would it be?
When did a song make you cry and why?
What's your favorite food?
How to earn extra money online?
What's something you did make you famous instantly ?
What is your birthday? Can you find your twin?
Where is your favorite place you have traveled and why?
What supreme authority have you pledged your eternal submission to? If you haven't, what is drifting like?
Do you think that because it's so easy to be a Trump critic, that many people bash him even when he makes sense?
What eases your mind most, to die and there not being an after life so there's not a possibility of going to hell. Or the possibility of going to either heaven or hell for eternity?
Non Americans of Reddit, what are some common misconceptions about your country?
Who should not be famous?
Morlun VS Morbius? Who would win?
Why do your pets hate you?
Those who have recently been laid off or furloughed: how are you spending your time?
If life were a video game, what would some of the cheat codes be?
People that applaud at the end of movies, who exactly are you applauding for?
How do you think US would have reacted if Barack Obama was the President during these times?
What do you answer when somebody asks you "what's up"?
What’s a video that you never want to watch again?
In your opinion, what is the absolute worst chore/task?
How much does a ventilator normally cost?
Why does ZZZ mean sleeping?
Americans of Reddit, why don't you just come to Europe as refugees for free healthcare?
[NSFW] What's a story of you having sex with someone in a awkward tight place?
What’s the most fucked up thing that’s ever happened to you?
Frontliners, how do you do?
Men of Reddit: How do you shave your facial hair?
Would you be interested in watching a live stream of a drone going on usually crowded places but deserted right now? Why or why not?
What would be your perfect boy/girl as in type and there personality?
Congratulations! You've invented a teleporter. But there's a catch. You lose all memory of your life from before you traveled. Do you use it anyway? And where would you go?
What's your personal spooky cryptid story? (Skinwalkers, Moth Man, Bigfoot, etc.)
Can someone explain why seeing people fall down is so funny?
How to order a sandwich?
How do you deal with rejection?
What are the best online multiplayer games to play with friends?
If you could be any animal, what would you be, and why?
People who are married, no kids — do you eat meals with your spouse when you’re both home?
The word is: Dillio. Remove a letter, change a letter and add an s. What do you get?
People who blame the system, others or their circumstances for their failures do you think you would really get it done if you had all that you required?
If you could be any ankmal, what would you choose and why?
If you get detention in 60 seconds you get $10,000, what are you gonna do?
Alternate timeline: You are 15 again and in this world you get to pick a new name to go by- what name do you choose for yourself?
What is a good story from your life you're going to tell your kids and grandkids?
[Serious] Teachers of Reddit, how can you tell a child is from a fatherless home?
What were your experiences with being an only child?
What is the weirdest moment from a Zoom call you've experienced these past few weeks?
What human body part would be the tastiest?
Those of you who stopped watching TWD, why?
What would name be for Bible 2?
Horror lovers of Reddit, what's your favorite movie/show in the entire genre?
What did the "weird kid" at your school do and where are they now?
Soooooooo how well do you think we will do in a zombie apocalypse?
What would happen if the USA were left alone?
What are some of the worst questions an interviewee has asked you?
What does it feel like to fall asleep for people who were born blind?
Who is the most?
Have you ever had an extremely toxic friend? If so, what did they do?
Women of Reddit do you prefer when a man’s pubes are clean shaved, stubble, or full crotch beard?
People who are married with NO kids — do you usually eat meals with your spouse if you’re both home?
What environment did you grow up in and how has it affected your life?
People who have accumulated $5000 or more in the IRS, how did it happen?
Doctors/Medical Examiners/Morticians of Reddit, what is the weirdest anomaly you’ve ever found on/in a body?
What is your opinion of the direction Disney has taken Marvel and Star Wars?
How old were you when you determined your sexual orientation and how did you know?
People who read books, how did you get into reading? How could one start reading?
Has anyone ever walked into a store and actually bought a baby Ruth or payday? Those things are disgusting!
Who is a stupid person people look up to?
"Thank God I'm an atheist." Is the funniest thing i ever heard, what's yours?
People who live in Arizona, what's it like?
Redditors who have had your wedding ruined, what happened and who ruined it?
What is the longest word you can think of that's only one syllable?
Fellow Redditors, what do you think is your most underrated reply/comment to a post? Something you think was brilliant but got lost among hundreds of responses?
How would you feel if your daughter was a femcel?
[LADIES] What's one way to impress a girl/ tell them about feelings you have
[Serious] 2020 has been pretty crappy for a lot of us, but surely there have been some amazing things that have happened to some of you! What are some amazing things that have happened to you in 2020?
If people only eat some foods for the taste and are trying to be healthy, why don't they just chew it up and spit it back out?
To all the stoners and potheads, how did your parents find out you smoke? What was their reaction?
If you could have anything you asked for what would it be?
What is one thing you need your ex to understand?
What’s the pettiest thing you and your best friend have done to get revenge on an ex?
Rich people of Reddit. What does it feel like to buy something conventionally expensive?
ex-Reddit workers who have worked in a food franchise, what is one of your rarest secrets while you were working?
Assuming that the human population continues to expand at its present rate, what will it be on within 50, 100, 200 and 300 years? [Serious]
What was the last thing that gave you food poisoning?
How do you respond to a “Why are you interested in applying to this”?
In the movie Dead Poets Society, John Keating says 'Carpe Diem. Seize the day' how are you seizing your day?
What do you really need to hear right now?
If you had a rpg classs like mage fighter what would you choose Combination of classes can be used like healing tank ?
How do you deal with dumb, ignorant people?
Je m'appelle in french means 'i call myself' do you think somewhere in france there is a Man Named Jimmy Pell and would it sound like he said his name twice?
Business owners, big and small, what is your business?
Who was the stinkingest person you ever smelled and what the fuck was wrong with them?
How long would it take you to get out of your country on foot?
Washington post editors, why do you think your announcement on a shit posting community is a good idea?
Do you feel safe with Trump during this situation?
Medical professionals of reddit: What made you say “how the heck was that able to kill them”?
How can you “go all the way” with yourself? [nsfw]
Hey, my wife just started zoombar (drinking with friends over zoom platform) what is it you have discovered that you never would do?
If you had a rpg classs like mage fighter what would you choose? (Combination of classes can be used like healing tank)
Retail workers of reddit, what are some ridiculous policies that we, the customer, don’t know about?
What's one thing you regret finding after going down an internet rabbit hole?
Serious. People who have family members that have died, what was the worst thing to happen at on of there funeral’s?
How much money would a used pair of Donald Trump's underwear go for now and in the future if it came with a letter of authenticity; also, how much would a pair from Lincoln, hitler, or millard Fillmore go for if someone was smart enough to keep them?
Wedding Crashers of Reddit: How have you adapted to the limit of 5 people at weddings? Any tips for people keen to give crashing a try?
What does BNAF mean?
IT guys of reddit, what is the strangest thing you’ve found on a computer?
What is something that your best friend did that really hurt you?
What is your favorite food texture?
Why does chapstick sound so much like Chap’s dick?
What's are some tips and tricks when starting to use 3D/visual effects software ?
Skydiving instructors, what was your greatest mid-air adventure?
Gamers of reddit, what made you scream the loudest?
Who else loves the smell of up dog?
You ever swear to beat up somebody the next time you see them only for that time to come and feel sorry for them for how they looked or had changed?
Please help settle an argument. For an average poop, do you use each wad once or do you fold and re-wipe and why?
Who’s sick of giving up our rights and ruining our economy for a cold?
Help! How to cancel "plans" when you're a Introvert/Homebody??? I no longer have any excuses, cause everyone knows, everyone else is at home (COVID-19)
What’s the most “Bachelor life” thing you’ve done?
What big moments in youR life did you want to be alone but weren't? [Serious]
With group calls becoming more popular than ever, what is the best/most embarrassing thing you heard when someone forgot to mute their mic?
What’s something that you didn’t care about as a kid but scared the shit out of you today?
What Pokemon would you want to keep as a pet?
What’s a good “end of the world” movie?
What's something that made you think "damn, I wish I thought of that!"?
Former prisoners of Reddit, what were your fellow inmates like, and what was their reputation?
In order to prevent WWI had to F* Hitler, would you do it and how(with cuddling after)?
What is the craziest thing you’ve witnessed on Omegle, Chatroulette, etc.?
How have your Friday nights changed?
What is up dog?
Redditor's of reddit what's your once in a lifetime opportunity?
What’s the hottest/sexiest thing someone has ever done for you or to you?
People who have changed their identity, and are hiding from the law, what if your new name, location, and why are you in hiding?
What's the ultimate crossover that's not been done?
How come some ice cream companies still don't put a plastic cover under the lid?
If we can all get behind Dr. Fauci to save us from an epidemic, why shouldn’t we get behind him to run for president?
Admins of Reddit, what’s the best part of your job?
What is the most memorable thing you did with your best friend?
Please help settle an argument. For an average poop, do you use each wad once or do you fold and re-wipe?
I, me, you, us, them, and, together, we are. How have personal pronouns made your life easier?
What do you fantasize about regularly that doesn't involve money or sex?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how fucked is the human race?
What is a fun game to play at a birthday party?
What’s the name of the pink dog from the show Courage the Cowardly Dog?
Who is the most infamous redditor?
Postal workers of Reddit: What is the strangest package you had to deliver?
What’s the dumbest commercial you ever saw?
What do you trust more than the government?
Men of reddit, what are some signs that a girl is interested in you?
What is the worst thing you've ever masturbated to?
The word is: Dillos. Change a letter, add an s. What do you get?
How would guys feel about a 23-year-old (woman) who has never even kissed a guy or had sex or been in any kind of relationship? would it be a total turn-off?
If Trump got sick and died in office would he be remembered as a hero/martyr or a villain and why?
What's a sub you follow with fewer than 15,000 subs that you think is great and would like to share?
What is something that pets would do for you that nobody else would do?
What happened that made you see a kid and think, "Well, they're doomed?"
People who went to college and aren’t using their degree, what are you doing now?
Your House Is Now Infinite And You Can't Leave it. Whats The first thing you do ?
If you were to describe yourself as a food, what food would it be, and why?
What are you experimenting with while isolated from others to see, that you wouldn't otherwise?
What's the weirdest thing you've done or experienced this week?
How many crayons do you think you could eat if you were given 1,000 dollars for each crayon?
What does falling in love feel like to you?
American voters of Reddit, what choice of running mate could make you vote for the other guy?
People who work or used to work at fast food restaurants, what was the craziest/weirdest thing you saw or heard happen there?
What are you experimenting with while isolated that you wouldn't otherwise? (E.g. my isolation beard)?
Why'd you come on AskReddit today?
What’s the weirdest dream you ever had?
If a pregnant woman were to, let's just say, do sit-up exercises every day for a whole year. Would she get fit or not?'
Be specific, What is the best alcohol to drink?
What's a weird inside joke/phrase that you and only your SO can understand?
If there was a video game based on your life, who/what would your ‘boss fight’ be against?
People who find faults in everything. Would you be happy if things were done your way or would you still feel like it ain't perfect?
Ex-Therapists of Reddit, what is the most interesting thing someone has ever told you?
What is the most unapproachable piece of music from your favorite genre for someone who has never listened to it?
Have you had chance to hire freelance writers for your blog?? How was your experience and how did it help??
What is something that you think is cringey but people still love?
Who all in America agrees that the national anthem should be changed to “These Heaux” by Bhad Bhabi?
What is the best/worst ending you know?
Your dream guy/girl reveals themselves as a Supervillain (You also have powers) and invites you on a quest to destroy the world, what do you do?
Fast Food employees of Reddit, what is one secret that your company doesn't want the public to know?
What is it called when you draw over an image like a stock photo or a funny moment with other characters from a franchise or show?
What's something you're grateful for in your life?
Have you ever started a trend, and if so, what was it?
My left eye can read fine at ~2 ft, right eye needs to be around 1ft to fully focus. Should I only use my right eye when possible? Will this help strengthen my right eye?
How is everyone exercising during the Covid-19 lockdown?
What forced love story subplot completely ruined a movie for you?
What’s the hardest thing to frick up that You fricked up somehow?
Priest of Reddit, what are your most odd confession experiences?
Is anyone doing a Houseparty right now?
People in quarantine, what's the weirdest thing you've done in your solitude?
What's a good book series to try?
What are some alternative phrases that sound better in certain situations than the more popular phrase?
What's your opinion on Willem Dafoe?
What’s your favorite guitar riff?
Given 2020 does not have flying cars or robotic helpers in every household, and how the current state of the world is, how do you think the future is realistically going to be?
How would you kill baby Hitler?
Users of reddit, what SINGLE word can you absolutely not stand when you hear someone say it?
Women of Reddit, Do you prefer when a man is clean shaved, some stubble, or full beard down under?
Do you guys like McDonald’s or Steak ‘n Shake more? Why?
What is socially rejected for no reason?
Where is your “Somewhere over the rainbow...”?
[Serious] what are some news in Africa we don’t hear about?
Why does most Westerners wants 3rd world countries to fall to corono virus?
Redditors who have lost one or both of their pinky toes, is it true that you need to learn how to walk again? Or is that just a myth?
Have you ever saved someone's life? If so, how? Any afterwords?
What are some examples of "100 planning, 0 execution"?
What's the craziest thing you've done for money?
Whats the best way to virtually listen to music with friends over video sharing platforms?
What would happen if we put 100 Redditors inside of a small room with no technology?
Urban explorers of Reddit, what is by far the scariest thing/person/mayhaps even ghost you've encountered/witnessed while exploring? What happened?
Nsfw What is something you wish someone would have warned you about before the first time you had sex?
You have $5,000 cash to blow this weekend, your best friend/SO is free and up for anything and there's no reason to restrict your activities. What are your plans for the weekend reddit?
Why would someone delete an Askreddit post after receiving dozens of answers?
Whats TvSeries would you recommend ?
What do you want your last words to be?
What feature in games would be better if it was realistic?
What’s the best way to hide weed so it’s not so dank?
What’s so terrifying about Clowns and Mimes?
What forced love story subplot completely ruined a movie for you?
If you had been caught doing all of the unnoticed illegal things that you’ve done in life, how many years in prison do you think you’d get?
Where you raised in a flower boy style or by an attitude that preached no consolation for failure? How did it affect you, what would you change for your children?
What do you regret not doing before all of THIS?
Which character(s) in movies/tv/games really shouldn’t have died (spoilers, duh)?
What’s the scariest thing that’s ever happened to you?
What is one secret you will keep to your grave?
What are the disadvantages of having many friends?
What is the psychological motivation of a Zoom Troll?
How's your quarantine been going?
Does anyone wanna be my friend? Female preferably🙂
Anyone in San Diego just feel that earthquake?
What is something you have wanted to share but haven’t found the right space to do so?
why are you so scared of dying?
To people who are pro-Gamergate but hate r/KotakuInActiona and r/kotakuinaction2, why is this?
You get 20 minutes to hide an item you shoplifted. Where would you hide and retrieve it after exiting the store?
[serious] Non-americans of reddit, what is the general public reaction to the USA right now? How is it being covered in the news if at all?
What’s one of your saddest memories?
In the show Kim Possible, why did Kim always have an exposed midriff?
Why would Trump keep the ventilatiors for the small red states that weight more on the election and not the “infested” metropolitan areas?
What's something you can't wait to do when this is all over?
What's your fondest memory of your father?
How can you make someone fall in love with you?
Who invented trap music?
How messed up would it be for your dad to fall in love with your significant other's mother and expect you to end your relationship with your SO and treat each other as siblings?
Who is someone that always brightens your day?
What is your greatest childhood achievement?
Adults of Reddit, when was the last time your parents carried you?
What would you do with an endless supply of jello?
What’s the scariest thing that’s ever happened to you? (can be supernatural)
What is the best and worst part about where you live?
What are some movies with the best plot-twists?
What is your favorite season of the year?
What's in your secret sauce?
What is a movie you love that belongs to a genre you dislike?
Reddit, what are some must play video games for someone who hasn't played lot of video games?
People who often browse Reddit 50 50 are you sometimes scared by what you see and lye awake at night?
What could actually happen this year to make things worse?
Drug dealers of reddit, how has the current situation affected biasness for you?
Redditors who lost the love of their life, what happened and what did you do?
What is a fun free online party game or that can be easily played with older people that struggle with technology?
What are your must have ingredients for a cheeseburger?
What game u know everyone loves but you think it sucks?
Police officers of reddit, what was something that you weren't taught in training but is necessary to do your job?
How do you deal with overwhelming loneliness?
What's the most trivial thing you've envied/been jealous of?
What is the most ridiculous thing someone tried to convince you about?
Has anyone tripped with all this madness going on and everyone being home? How was it ?
(Serious) Conservative Americans of Reddit: Why is the right so obsessed with the Illuminati?
How do you stay strong when the only thing keeping you alive is the fear of hurting your loved ones?
What can you say to a police officer but not your Significant Other?
People of reddit who have been here since the beginning, what are some of the biggest changes you’ve seen with reddit over the years?
what can you do if you threatened to hit another girl in the club but didn't actually do it and she punched you multiple times and dragged you by your hair?
Weebs of reddit, what is the japanese song you heard that you can't get out of your head?
You get 140 characters to tell the whole world anything you want, what do you say?
[Serious] Engineers or scientists of Reddit, how did you get started/what attracted you to the field?
If you could change a family member, who would it be, and what would it be, and why?
What is your guess for the total deaths in US 2020 due to the C ?
How do you create a likable secondary character?
Whats something you should always have in your pocket?
What's a good example of nontoxic masculinity?
How do you keep strong when the only thing keeping you alive is the fear of not hurting your family?
What is the website th-cam.com?
What was a moment you went oh hell no?
Humans of Reddit, why isn't every flag on planet earth at half mast? Every single person on this planet is experiencing the same fear and/or heartbreak. Why can't we recognize it on the same thing that we all use to identify ourselves?
Pregnant people who didn’t find out the sex of their baby ahead of time: did you assume the sex at some point? Were you right? If you were, did it make you feel more connected to the baby? If you were wrong, did it spoil the birth in some way or make you feel weird/disconnected?
(Wrong answers only) What's the difference between jail and prison?
Bartenders of Reddit, what made you think this is the right profession for you? And what is your memorable moment in the profession?
What are you most scared will run out because of stockpiling/panic buying?
Star Wars fans of Reddit, what is some cool Star Wars lore that you want to see Disney do right?
Wooden or aluminum baseball bat for home protection?
can you change your username? if you can how do you?
If you could tell ANY one story to a mass of people, what would it be?
With the upcoming financial crisis, how to make the most out of it and stay afloat?
[Serious] In 2015, Ross Ulbricht was convicted and sent to prison for crimes relating to running the notorious and anonymous drug market Silk Road on Tor. Should he be released early? Why/why not?
To all the pet owners of Reddit: What is your animal doing right now?
What's a book (or series of books) that should be more popular?
Is there a food you like that others find weird, and if so, what is it?
Artists of Reddit what is the best paint to paint a sunset on 65% polyester and 35% cotton curtains?
What's something you can say during sex and to a police officer when being pulled over?
Redditors who went to college: what college did you go to and what was your overall experience? Worth it or not worth it?
What would happen if you had too many antibodies?
What is somethings you don't get about zombie movies/games?
If your dreams were a TV show, what would the recurring title sequence look like?
People who reply to posts with K-pop singers dancing, why?
How many of y’all type a question that you think will get will recognized and popular but actually get turned down?
What is the most interesting robots and or android in movies, tv, books, or anime?
Cheaters, what are you telling your side piece(s) about why you can’t see them right now?
People of Reddit. What's the scariest thing you've ever seen while driving?
What question on AskReddit are you sick of seeing . . . over a n d . . . o v e r?
If you could only follow one person on social media who would it be and why?
What was the time the school bully became the bullied?
People of Reddit, how did you/someone you know find out about bad news?
Why is farting so funny to so many people?
You've just learned that you have a single day to live. What do you do in that day?
People who watch Fox News, why? [Serious]
Women of reddit: What pick up lines/Hookup attempts are you tired of hearing?
Do you prefer shows were the main character has plot armor or shows were the main character doesn’t explain ?
Who does the spoken word on Leftöver Crack’s Super Tuesday?
What show also works well as a story telling podcast?
(WRONG ANSWERS ONLY) What turns you on?
Kite fliers of Reddit, what’s the appeal of the hobby and what keeps you coming back for more ?
People of Reddit, what are some crazy rumours or pieces of gossip that you have heard of over the years?
As a girl that does this sometimes, what do boys feel when a girl leaves them on read like do they even care?
If after you die, you could respawn by watching ads (a thousand years worth of ads), how would this change the way you live your life?
After being cooped up inside and on your computer for the last few weeks, what fun things have you bought from online shopping recently?
Why would you be the worst protagonist in a disaster-themed movie?
What’s your definition of a loser?
What is a stupid kid in school you had growing up that you wish was never there?
what affordable(0 $- 20$) , teen rated and under xbox games do you suggest?
When April ends you can put a message in heaven, what would you put on it?
Why are people okay with letting their cats climb on their counters and tables?
What would be a good thing to replace smoking but still look "rebellious and badass" on a movie?
What is the "stay home" feed exactly?
You are forging someone's signature but it's for a good reason. What is that reason?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
What is the best documentary that may not sound interesting in its premise?
A popular Les Brown quote is "“The graveyard is the richest place on earth, because it is here that you will find all the hopes and dreams that were never fulfilled..." What hopes and dreams do you want to change the world with, but will likely never get the chance?
gamers of reddit, whats your average ping and what do you consider good or bad?
What movie or TV show changed your opinion about an actor/actress?
Police officers who quit their profession, why?
People of Reddit, whats the stupidest thing you have watched another person do?
What do you consider to be “out-pizza(ing) the hut”?
You discover a brand new island and make it yours. You must make a bunch of rules for your people. What is the first rule you make?
What was a crazy thing you witnessed at a party?
If you had a Stand like in Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure, what would it do/be?
What are some recent events that have been drastically overshadowed?
Redditors who were cast for a movie/tv show, what is your story?
What is the hardest video game level you have ever played in your life ?
What helps you sleep at night?
What is the biggest crime you got away with?
[Serious] What was your most f**ked up moment in highschool that changed you, friends, and the entire school?
Reddit people, what was the most supernatural experience you have had?
What up with all these quarentine memes?
Jim Carrey taught many of us how to spell Beautiful with his "B-E-A-UTIFUL" what other life-long things have you learned from non-educational celebrities?
What made your college house awesome?
what was your most embarrassing moment people will not let you live down?
What is your favorite “it was at the moment he knew he fucked up” moment?
What have you ever “hit till it works”?
What is going to be your next big buy?
Ex-Bronies (or something of similar caliber) of Reddit, what are you getting up to with your life now?
What is an instant turn-off in a relationship?
What immediately makes a first date unbearably awkward?
Men of Reddit, how would you start and hold a conversation online with someone of the opposite gender that you don't know IRL ?
Where would you find the meaning in your life if you tried to be part of society, but you were unable to form any basic interpersonal relationships?
During this strange time, where do you experience places of disconnect?
What will this time in history be named?
What is something you're doing now that you didn't do before this pandemik started?
What is the one thing you are getting most fed up with in isolation?
What is the back of your forehead called?
What's a holiday that your family or country celebrates?
What is your opinion on the jawzersize tool?
Remember how Cracked used to be good? Is there a similar website?
Do you like ASMR? Why or why not?
What are some good/useful HOA stories?
What videogame are you currently playing?
If you had to reduce the size of one part of your body by 50%, which part would it be?
why do you deserve a ventilator?
[Serious] Which culture's have unacceptable practices?
People who made popular meme formats, what meme was it and did you expect it to get as popular as it did?
What you’re favourite subreddit??
What’s the dumbest but funniest thing you’ve ever done?
Why are you on Reddit and not on Facebook/Instagram or Twitter?
What songs that have come out in the past 10 years will "Stand the test of time" and frequently be played in the future?
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
What is the worst thing that happened to you as a kid?
What are some good things to keep in mind when talking to a guy/girl you like?
How do you think the world will come to an end?
Bouncers of Reddit, by what metrics do you decide if a person can or can't come into the club?
What are weird ways that you had trouble with reddit?
Now that we should all be locked up with our families that we always said we missed so much, how are you finding out that your family members are more awesome than you thought?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most weird show you have caught your kids watching?
What are some really good news?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve been in trouble for?
What are the requirements for a docter to write a 2 week off work note so can quit crystal meth?
How are we going to punish the dog eaters for this thing?
If there was a sequel or reboot to the film Hackers(1995), what songs would you like to see on the soundtrack?
Cheaters of reddit why did you cheat?
Who felt the 3.6 earth quake in cali?
What’s something so annoying, but cool at the same time?
People of Reddit who do Food Eating Contests, what does it feel like the next day?
What is your favorite meal?
GUYS: When meeting a new woman/girl as a friend, do you initially only have interest based mostly on attraction or do you genuinely start with the intent of a new friendship? What is the thought process? Other Options? Etc..?
When did Mike Tyson become surgeon general?
What is a story from school that you wish you could live again?
For user research, what do you type into google if you need your lawn mowed?
People who took extra credit classes that didn't have anything to do with what you were majoring in, what was a class that you really enjoyed ?
What is so special about the female height that is 5'5?
What would you do if you had depression and stop caring for yourself? How would you help yourself?
Students of Reddit, who was the stupidest teacher you have ever had?
What is your favorite kind of bread?
What is a good game for mobile (such as call of war), that has strategy and management?
Do you believe people can change? If so, why?
Either personal experience or history, what’s something you wish you could go back and undo?
Redditors, what's the absolute worst customer you ever dealt with and how did you deal with them?
What is the best "self-improvement" method/tip you know?
What do you guys smoke weed to?
Whats the first thing you gonna wish for in heaven?
If there was only one insult word you could use against people for the rest of your life, which word would you pick?
Who are the people that don't like OP?
Should movies do away with annoying after credit scenes why or why not?
What are some good open world videogames to play when you have nothing to do?
[Serious] What mental illnesses do you think are incorrectly represented or not represented enough in modern media?
What’s grinding your gears today?
What has been your best joke that nobody laughed at?
Don't you hate it when you are humming a song throughout the day, and your friend decides to hum the same exact song as you?
What is one feature of your everyday life which, you feel, deserves more recognition?
[Serious] Why arnt there any recovery stories anywhere on Reddit or the news?
If your life was a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode, which episode would it be?
All game consoles and PCs have been destroyed and you're only left with mobile games. How do you fare?
How do you deal with glasses fogging up while wearing a mask?
What's your average day outfit like?
What's your cringey childhood moment that your brain won't let you forget?
Do you have someone you would risk your life for? If so, what is your relationship with that person?
What movie does everyone love but you think it sucks?
What is your biggest “it’s a small world” moment?
People who have shot someone before, how did you feel after?
How do you deal with the pointless struggle?
What is stopping full faced snorkel masks with an additional filter placed through the breathing tube from being used as Protective Gear by Hospital Staff?
Real criminals of reddit, what's your business like?
What is in your opinion a good time killer?
What song always brings you to tears?
Can you get assigned stock when you sell a call contract (sell to close) that you had purchased earlier?
If, as Billy Joel says, we didn't start the fire, then who did?
Where would you have ended up if you didn't stick your tongue out at the rain when you were a little kid?
What is the speech/dialogue/lecture/talk that has influenced your life the most?
Which previously great YouTubers have have been going downhill content wise for a while?
What do you consider a comfortable temperature?
What song always bring you to tears?
What is your favorite Gordon Ramsay insult?
What's your least popular opinion?
Created a subreddit. How do you get people to join it? It is for a youtuber so it kinda appeals to only a minority who like it, so how can one get more people to join it?
Whats the best page you know to lose time?
Redditors who are out of work now, what bills will you be sure to find a way to pay no matter what and what bills will you stop paying first?
mothers and fathers of Reddit do you have a funny or bizarre labor/delivery story? If so what happened?
What is it called when you draw over a funny image with other characters?
What does the stimulus package mean for people who receive the a check on their 2020 tax refunds?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Police officers of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing a suspect has said or done that led to their arrest?
you wake up one day, and you've transformed into a dog/cat (breed of your choosing) what do you do?
Olympians of Reddit, what stories do you have from staying at the Olympic Village?
Reddit has tasked us with making Reddit: The Musical. Who are some of the characters in the show?
Former Prisoners of Reddit: Why is rape and sexual violence hated amongst criminals?
What is one thing you wish you could say to your SO but can’t?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever cried about?
People of reddit what’s the most painful thing you have experience??
Reddit has tasked us with making Reddit: The Musical. What are some of the characters in the show?
[Serious] What person has done morally wrong things, but you still admire them. Why?
What was the most interesting post you have seen so far on Reddit?
What did you do today that was completely unnecessary but fun?
What do you think of this rap ?
What person has done morally wrong things, but you still admire them. Why?
you can pick any super power, but the person beneath you can write in a downside to it, what power do you choose?
What is the correct way to respond when someone knocks on the bathroom door while you're in there?
What games are you good at playing and what games do you wish you were better at?
Taiwan wants to be independent. China wants Taiwan to be part of it. Which is the "status quo" - is China technically correct, and if not why do they want people who don't even want them back?
Redditors, what’s the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
What's the most iconic movie cliffhanger ever?
How would a noob start prepping right now?
You find yourself confronting a mythical beast, which beast is it and how do you survive against it?
What is one way you would change your life right now?
What is your 'customer from hell' story?
When did you notice that you weren't being valued for your work? What did you do?
How do you think the world should punish Chinese people's savagery and disgusting diet so that they are not allowed to ruin the world like this again (their government won't do it for sure)?
What could all Americans “flush” that would be equivalent to the Boston Tea Party??
Why are you not sober rn?
Parents of Reddit, when and how did you reveal to your kids that Santa, Easter Bunny, Tooth Fairy, etc. are not real?
(Serious) what’s keeping you going right now?
What is your favourite GIF?
What is an introvert's worst nightmare?
married people of reddit what made you chose to get married to the person you are married to today?
What is something you regret doing/not doing?
How could one very sad individual maximize their chances that the Wuflu will be the end of them?
What social mobile games are people playing to keep in touch (and socialise) with friends. Had drinks on video poker last night which was quite good, but keen to find out what you are playing?
If there was one smell that you had to smell for the rest of you life, what would it be?
Gamers of Reddit, what (in your opinion) is the most overrated video game of all time?
People of reddit when have you started a project thinking it was going to be a great success when it all failed miserably?
Sign language interpreters of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you’ve had to say with your hands?
What song can you listen to over and over again?
What makes you happy?
What is your favourite band and why?
People who work graveyard shift, what’s the scariest thing you experienced on the job? [Serious]
What is the funniest bio you’ve ever seen?
People of reddit, whats your reason for avoiding long term relationships?
What are some smaller things that scientists can’t quite explain?
What is the best April fool's prank you have seen/pulled?
What's the most shocking thing you've heard bring dropped in a totally casual way?
What was the worst thing you have seen/heard in passing but not been a part of?
Redditors who have cheated on their partners for long periods, what are some of the best ways to keep it hidden?
(WRONG ANSWERS ONLY) What does OMG stand for?
What are you most thankful for?
What is a fun skill to learn &amp; why do you enjoy doing it?
What is a WWE finishing move name that would also be a great sex position name?
What are you most scared of losing in your life?
What decade/year would you live in on repeat?
Ex-rednecks, what's the redneckiest thing you ever did?
Single Redditors, what are some things you did to improve your "alone time"?
What do you feed your dog?Do you feed your dogs Kibble, Canned, Raw food...? And is your dog healthy? Why do you feed what you do?
What old school techno songs take you back to your younger days?
Can you erase everything that your right hand touches, what name would you give to your ability?
How do you unsee something?
What do you want to resort to eating everyday when you’re still alive at 95?
What situation made you feel completely justified in being selfish?
What's the best pasta shape and why?
What was the sneakiest but illegal thing you've done?
Redditors. How many if you actually look at a website inspects?
What is something you like to do with someone right now?
When do you know that you’re in love with someone?
What 90's dance songs do you still love today?
What kind of pet do you have and what is their name?
Couples of Reddit, how did you discover your couple fetish?
What would your dream home look like?
What is that one thing that everybody does but no one admits?
Kids who used to love staring contests, where are you now?
Do homeless folks get arrested during all these stay at “home” orders various governors issued? If not, why?
What do you think about everyone being so excited with Casa de Papel's mew season ?
What have you bought that you wouldn’t change a thing about?
What turned some of you atheists?
What's your favorite thing in life?
What's your example of bad reddiquite?
Artists of reddit, where do you take commissions/sell your art?
What is the most inappropriate innuendo someone can mention when delivering bad news?
What is a corporation that is the umbrella (resident evil) of the real world in your opinion?
Where did your username come from?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know him/her better?
What celebrity would you say looks identical to you?
What's your favourite Disney movie and/or song?
What is the best chicken that you tasted?
[Serious] Given the current situation, why hasn't air travel been shut down completely?
People of Reddit, what things do you have that you didn't even know you needed/wanted but now can't live without?
What 90's dance song do you still love today?
What musical instruments played by a female make her the hottest/sexiest?
People that don’t cut their toenails ever, why?
If you somehow time travel to the past, what will you say to them to make them believe that you are from future?
If you’ve dyed your hair before, what color did you choose?
If you had to sing a song at the start of your period what would it sound like?
What's the one thing you're scared at yet other people think looks cute?
If all the different types of fruit turned into people with personalities that matched that kind of fruit what kind of fruit would you have sex with?
What’s your favorite animated movie and why?
What are some signs that someone is out of touch with reality?
What are some signs that someone is out of touch with reality?
Men of Reddit: are you actually aroused when you have morning wood? Do you want sex first thing in the morning?
What IT hacks they perform in movies/tv-shows are completely impossible?
For all of the Gym bro’s/ Gym gurus. How’re you holding up?
If we are in the "worst" timeline, what is happening right now in the "good" timeline?
What was your last “I wish someone would have seen me do this this besides just me”?
Ladies, what are your thoughts on men with hairy chests?
People who have visited any European country, what’s one thing you realised Europe does/ has that your place hasn’t?
What song have you been listening to non stop recently?
Laughter, amazing. Sex, spectacular. How can we combine the two to make the world a better place?
What’s the most memorable dream you’ve had?
Redditors that were homeschooled then went to a public school, what were some things you weren't prepared for?
What was the biggest secret you kept from your parents as a kid?
When’s the worst time to get a boner?
How and when did you have your first orgasm?
Who is the “brings a guitar to the party” of your hobby?
WWIII has broken out - and a nuclear war has begun. The news has just reported that a 1 megaton nuclear missile is headed straight for your city/community amongst the thousands of rockets. It is estimated that it will hit in one hour. What do you do?
What is a completely logical thing to do but everyone thinks is insane because of "that one group of people"?
people of reddit how is it like to be in love?
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
How do you not NOT piss yourself?
What TV show always has your undivided attention?
Students/former students of Reddit, what did your worst teacher/professor do that made them so terrible?
When’s the last time you itched your ass and smelled your fingers?
For those who work a 9-5 office job, what is it like?
Meteorologists of Reddit, what will be some immediate atmospheric effects of the sharp decrease in fuel consumption?
If you could give up 10 years of your life to speak to a deceased person for 10 minutes, would you? And who would it be?
What is the most bizarre or intense experience/incident you ever had with the police? NSFW
Non-Brits of Reddit, what’s the first British city you can think of, that isn’t London?
Older people of Reddit, what's something you took for granted that you no longer have now?
Anti-vaxxers of Reddit, how do you feel about the current situation, has it changed your opinion on vaccinations, and if a vaccine was available tomorrow, would you vaccinate yourself/your children?
What are some tips for getting everyone's sleep schedule back on track?
Consumers of Reddit, what's the best $50 you've ever spent?
Why do you enjoy AI and bot posts?
What’s the weirdest way you’ve been aroused?
People who live in states whose governors have issued stay at home orders:what does that consist of and how is it enforced?
What cracker has the best mouth-feel?
What’s your weird food combo?
What’s your weird food combo?
What would you least want to have?
What's the scariest piece of advice you ever got?
Some corporations are considered “too big to fail”...what little businesses do you consider “too awesome to fail”? And what can we do to make that possible?
Seriously, how do you do haircut now?
What’s one state/country you’d like to live in for a year?
When was the last time you cried and why?
Ex-homeless redditors, what was the most inspiring thing you saw on the streets?
Is perverted/horny sex different from love sex, if so then why?
What are you missing most right now?
Which country had the most impressive approach to the CV situation?
Folks of Reddit that are against the LGBT+ community, why?
provisioning for a one month adventure on a sailboat in the Atlantic. what goodies should be bought that can last a long time without refrigeration?
Are you an ass or a tit guy and why?
Which restaurant do you wish existed in your state?
Why are nurses always tooting their own horns so much and playing tiny violins all day for themselves on social media like they are the only ones that work long, hard shifts?
How do paper and cardboard factories convert their equipment to make surgical masks?
Why are Nine Inch Nails still awesome?
Dear students in Reddit, how can you care less about your GPA when everyone next to you attaches great importance to it?
People who’ve grown up with racist parents (whether outspoken or secretive) when did you find out and how?
Which additional feature would you like to have in Reddit?
What was fun when you were 13 but not fun when you were 14?
What are the moments in movies/games/tv where the music does the heaviest lifting?
People who have taken hallucinations drugs. What is it like?
What are the best job industries to chase currently to earn some quick cash?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever said that wouldn’t really be funny outside of the context you said it in?
Why dafuq can't reddit develop an AI to stop these annoying reposts?
What is your favorite quote from The Suite Life of Zack &amp; Cody?
What’s the weirdest question you’ve ever been asked?
You're in an undisclosed location,alone with Donald Trump. Anything you want is there. Anything you say or do will never be known. What do you do?
Sports officials, what's the worst injury you've seen during a match?
What happens to astronaut semen in space?
What’s a movie that looked great but ended up being a disappointment?
What is something that you should definitely not buy local/not support the local seller?
Have you ever had a moment where you had a random realization about something in your life? If so, what caused it?
How should you go about having a constructive conversation with someone who is set in their ways about our current situation, if you disagree with them?
If you could pawn personalities/traits, what ones would fetch the most money?
Side hustlers: what is your day job and what is your side hustle? How much to you make on the side?
Have you ever been followed while walking or driving, what was the outcome of it happening?
Sex workers of Reddit, what's the highest paying client you've ever had, and what did they ask you to do?
Adulterers of Reddit, how's it going right now?
What is the dumbest single piece of advice given by your parents during childhood that actually ended up helping you as an adult?
Barbers of reddit: what is the what is the weirdest thing you have seen on someone looking at on their phone during a haircut?
What is the must unbelievably terrifying thing you’ve experienced?
At your workplace, why it is not ok for an employee to wear a mask?
If you could restart your life would you, if so why ?
Men of Reddit, what are some effective techniques random women can use when trying to offer you a blowjob or casual sex?
What would be your primary superpower?
What does it feel like to find out you’ve been cheated on by the person you love?
Sub owners of reddit, what are your methods of growing and improving your subreddit?
Sub owners of reddit, what are your methods of growing and improving your subreddit?
Redditors who caused someone's death, intentionally or not, what happened?
How is everyone spending their time in self isolation?
People of Reddit who are living under helicopter parents, what creepy things do they do that isn't normal?
What are the best questions and dares for Truth or Dare?
you have the power to spawn an object anywhere and anytime, what is that object?
What are you worried about that you are to scared too tell your doctor about?
[Serious] What songs lyrics surprised you after you read the accurate lyrics?
What is your favorite source of protein?
Double-jointed/hyper flexible people of Reddit, what is the best story you have of using your hyper flexibility?
What’s the difference between kink and fetish?
how do you tell someone in the most profane way possible that you hate them?
With sports postponed, what is your favorite memory from a live sporting event?
Cops of Reddit, what was weirdest case that you had to investigate?
What would you do if you found out that your parents weren’t who they said they were and kidnapped your real parents and took you in as their own?
Australians of Reddit, what are some animals in other parts of the world where you think “Yeah screw that thing?”
What are some small, creative ways we can bring joy, happiness and laughter into the lives of others from a distance?
What little known hacks do you know?
What is your go to booze for hiding in the toilet tank for a little nip now and then?
Preppers of reddit, what is the most realistic scenario you are preparing for and how did you prepare?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you?
What would your younger self tell to the person you are now?
What's a TV show you love/loved but everyone says is trash?
Anti-vaxers how ya holding up?
What is big if true?
What was your favorite game as a kid (digital, in real life, anything)?
Why don't you Americans just get it over with and kill each other with your guns so we can start fresh?
Dear People Of Reddit, What Is Your Greatest Weakness?
What fantasy/fiction book series do you recommend?
Harry Potter fans, who is your favorite character and why?
People of Reddit, what strange theory have you heard/imagined about human existence?
[Serious] redditors that have never been to the beach before, why not? And do you ever plan on it?
What is bothering you right now?
What's a kinda unwritten rule in your home?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
COD fans of Reddit, what things does the game get wrong about gunplay?
[Serious] Atheists who converted to Christianity, why?
How do you think the massive uptick in unemployment throughout this crisis will effect the perception of the unemployed in the United States?
When you sleep, your eyes are still there, how is that sleeping?
What are some things you wished you knew before driving across the United States?
If someone handed you the wonka gum and you know what it does, wha would you do with it?
What will the future movie about the current situation of the world be like?
When this is all over, what do you think you will take away from this?
Bus drivers of Reddit, How do you close the door when you get off?
What was your special talent in high school?
What was your high school’s scandal? [Serious]
Which commonly despised behavior are you guilty of?
What social or community problem do you think needs greater attention, and why?
Hoes of reddit, how proud is your mother of what you have become?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
What's your, "Fire me I dare you" moment?
If you were to be reincarnated, what would your new form be?
What are some fun sounding swear words/ expressions in other languages?
What's The Straightest Thing You Saw Your Non-Strait Freind Doing?
People who were homeless/vagrant but no longer are, do you ever miss certain aspects of life on the street? What do you miss most and what makes you miss it?
If you had the power to stop the time for intervals of 10 seconds (with cooldown of an 1h), how would you use it to improve your life?
At what point did you realize you were no longer a kid/young adult?
What area of your house have you been spending the most time in? What are your top three?
National Unemployment Rate Question- How Long Does it Take for Applications for Unemployment to be Reflected in the Weekly Numbers?
What are some fun and morale boosting things a group of 8-10 can do while working remotely to replace the traditional happy hour?
men who are not straight, at point did you realize you had a preference for the cack?
What movie series with 4 or more entries has the best overall quality?
Reddit, what makes you a good human ?
You can have any superpower, but at least one person has to believe you have that superpower for you to use it. What superpower do you pick and how do get someone to believe you have it?
What's your favourite cartoon or anime ?
As we are currently steaming through April, what predictions do you all think we might yet to face?
What are some dumb but funny things to say to a friend you haven't spoken to in a while?
How would you sneak out of the house if you had an alarm that would wake up your parents if you disarmed it?
What childhood movie scared you for life?
If you could get 100% of the population to believe something, truth or lie, what would it be?
What jobs pay way more than most people think they do?
Have you ever told a lie that escalted out of control? What happened and did you ever come clean?
If you could have any movie quote inscribed on your tombstone, what would it be?
Baseball fans of Reddit: What is your favorite baseball movie? Fav moment?
When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up-what do you think of that now?
Have you ever had a nice teacher snap and why did they snap?
When does everybody predict that the United States will go back to normal?
What did you do in High School that could've landed you in big trouble but you got off scot-free?
What is the best excuse for being late you’ve heard or used?
What's the male equivalent of a menstrual period?
How are funeral services affect by all of this?
Why do some planets only have one biome?
What are the benefits of turning the presidential primary into a Yu-Gi-Oh tournament? How religiously would you watch the media coverage?
Illegal immigrants of reddit, how did you get in the country and where are you right now?
People who downloaded mp3s on Napster and other sharing platforms back in the late 90's and early 2000's, do you still have them? What music did you download?
What is the most pointless fucking thing you guys have done?
If your life were a book, movie, or TV show, what would it be?
Why are you like that?
What are some interesting psychological or sociological studies that might not be so well-known?
Adaption: This bug issue may go on for a long while, In what ways can we adapt our school classes-sizes-transportation alternating days of online and hands on etc, to get our kids back to school safely?
Reddit, have you ever dealt with massive PTSD memories affecting your personality, but you are a kind person so you battle it, how do you get rid of the protective defensive and get back to loving and caring all the time again?
Doctor's of reddit, what is the craziest thing you have heard a patient say while under medication?
What are some of your personal rules that you apply in life? [SERIOUS]
What are some gross\weird subreddits you know of?
Why are all stovetop elements in apartments and rentals never level?
Whats one of your most embarrassing birthday stories?
What are some underrated and hard-to-find video games?
[Serious] Redditors, what are some of the most vivid dreams you had that you felt like you were seeing future events happened?
What is something you wish you never Googled?
What is your profession’s form of a midterm/final exam or any big test?
What are some good romance animes?
People that filed for divorce soon after being married, what happened?
[Serious] Redditors, what is the worst thing you've ever had to experience?
When the queen turns a hundred will she get a letter from the queen?
Which band/artist are you into that no one you know in the real world likes?
(Serious) What is the worst time that a game development company messed up?
How is the great national online schooling experiment working out for our nation's youth so far?
What movie gives you goosebumps?
what other show is like impractical jokers?
One morning, you wake up 5 years in the past. How do you react?
Male Pornstars of Reddit. What are The Positive things about the job and what are the negative things about the job?
If you were given complete control of Earth and it's inhabitants for a week, what would you do?
Redditors who are in a relationship, how has social-distancing and/or quarantining affected your relationship, either doing these things together as a couple or separated?
What political belief did you once hold but no longer do?
What do you do when someone compliments you?
If tigers could talk, what would they say to Joe Exotic?
People who lived in an apartment growing up; what was the hardest habit to break once you moved into a house?
If you were a dictator what would you do?
People who live on remote islands, where do you live and how is life there?
Ever stroke it listening to music? Who are your favourite artists?
What groceries are still hard for you to find?
What do you think the next disaster for 2020 be?
What horror movie scared the bejeezes out of you when saw it for the first time?
Female Pornstars of Reddit. What are the Positive things and what are the negative things?
What's the craziest shit your teacher had asked you to do/bring?
People of reddit, what’s the scariest thing that ever happened in your life? [Serious]
When will they make a proper movie out of the Richard Bachman book The Running Man?
Let's be positive, what is the best compliment you ever heard/say?
Martial Autists of Reddit, what’s the fight you’ve had?
What makes you think people like you?
What's the craziest thing you've witnessed at a bachelor/bachelorette party?
What popular urban legend do you know of?
Flight attendants and pilots of Reddit, what's life like, ans how long do you go without returning home?
What are some good ways to beat boredom?
What are you slowly starting to realize now?
[nsfw] Soldiers of Reddit, what's the most f'd up injury you've seen?
People of reddit, what’s the scariest thing that ever happened in your life?
Teens/Adults of reddit what was the weirdest/funniest thing you’ve caught your parents doing?
Parents of Reddit. Can Reddit come out and play? Why or why not?
What are you most scared about after the shit that is happening now is over?
You go to any city you want to with $100. What city is it and how to become a millionaire from those $100?
What anime’s did you stop watching because of a change in animation?
Long time teachers of Reddit, how bad is bullying in schools compared to 15-20 years ago?
What popular urban legend do you know of?
[Serious] Martial Artists of Reddit, when has your expertise saved yourself or someone else?
Historians of Reddit, what is the most genius war tactic used during battle?
You have the power to stop time for 11 seconds, what would you do?
Do you side more with critics or fans when it comes to your favorite media?
What can a stunningly attractive person do to gross you out?
What if someone was writing a news story on you and you found out, what would you do?
Bisexuals of reddit have you've ever encountered a bipobic person what happened?
Gamers of Reddit: What is something that will almost always get you killed in a game, but is nearly impossible to die from in real life?
What have you cringed at on this subreddit?
People who wear masks when out but smoke (when not in a mask): WHY?
To anyone who has accidentally put their car in reverse while driving forwards, what happened?
How do you think Historical figures would react to things named after them? (Ex. Plato and platonically) would they be miffed on how their name has changed?
Pet owner of Reddit, what is something your pet do that makes him/her the best pet you ever had?
What are the ups and downs of being a pornstar?
After you've died, you are given a report card of your life. What are some A's and F's you'd see?
Do you think that people who are so confident were overpraised growing up ?
What’s the most boring question you can think of?
When was a time when following your gut feeling did NOT turn out well?
What are some free apps/websites to watch free movies on?
People who have biblical (literal) names, what connection, if any, do you feel to the bible?
what are the best chrome or brave browser extentions?
Who is your favorite movie character and why?
People Of Reddit, How Can You Tell If Someone's Losing Interest In A Relationship?
People who think trans woman should not compete against biological women in sports, why?
Students of Reddit, what's the sweetest thing a teacher/prof has done to accommodate learning during this difficult period?
Where were you when the Boston Marathon Bombings happened?
People who’ve used Quija boards, what’s your scariest experience?
Redditors, Your first video game you ever played, What was it ?
What are some interesting food combinations you have tried as a result of limited groceries while staying home?
Is ageing inevitable, if so how ?
YouTubers of Reddit, what was the hardest struggle for your channel?
What musicians/songs can you NOT listen to anymore?
What is the stupidest thing your classmates have done over a class video chat?
What is your Mount Everest story? Tried?
Instead of using 420 friendly, what other number could you use instead and it would still make sense?
What is the best comeback to "Did I ask?"
People who were popular in high school, What was it like? Did you know you were popular? Would you intentionally avoid others not so popular kids?
Redditors who were groomed or in toxic relationships with older people while underage, what is a red flag you ignored?
What do you usually do when you can’t fall asleep?
What are some books that have not been made into movies, but you want them to be?
Redditors who have enough wealth to not have to work, is it all it’s cracked up to be?
Which celebrity would you hate to be in isolation with?
Redditors who masturbate while watching porn. Why?
In 100 years, what collectibles will be worth more because they’re “from 2020”?
A new Book of the Bible is discovered. The gospel according to Jerry, the funny apostle. What are some of it's most famous quotes?
how can one solve recaptcha without doing any work in tor browser?
[Serious] Why are people inconsiderate of others in communal spaces? Why slam doors, leave trash in elevators, make excessive noise, mess shared environments?
What do you refuse to do differently even though it might not be the best way of doing it?
Why should Joe Biden be sent to the gulag?
What can people do that are not laid off, but dealing with having their hours cut during this time?
What happens if trump dies from infection?
What’s a fact you wish you didn’t know?
When you try to have a political discussion most people seem to be civil until you find the political agenda-driven people that either love or hate a particular party but then you check their Post history and it's usually porn and memes, why do you think that is?
What is a good anime to watch?
People who don't play video games, what are you doing to kill time, these days?
What are some lesser known movies you think more people should watch?
What do you miss right now?
Would you support sending America’s elite to a gulag? Why or why not?
Self-isolators of Reddit, what skills are you learning while at home?
People of reddit. What is something really common that no one really notices?
At what age did you found out about love?
What's a dumb movie cliche?
What is an useful mobile app that not many people know about?
What was the most embarrassing thing you have ever done?
Lawyers of reddit, what was the worst case you had to defend that made you sick to your stomach?
Why do we dream?
What's the most unforgettable movie scene you have ever seen?
What is a rule that applies to both relationships and music?
What has 2020 taught you so far?
What's a compelling sentence a layperson wouldn't understand?
What makes you say “that’s enough Internet for today”?
What do you think of the totem spinning in Inception's ending scene, a dream?
What negative opinions do you hold about people who post Instagram stories chatting at their viewers?
What is something weird that you do, but you aren’t ashamed to admit that you do?
What is your favorite movie quote of all time?
Redditors who have been knocked out what does it feel like being knocked out?
How many drinks can you have until you’re hungover in the morning?
On average, how many veins are located on the male genitalia?
If you could choose a song to be your own personal battle theme, what would it be?
What's something you thought as a kid that you're sad to know the truth about now?
What Friday Night / Weekend rituals will you be missing out on?
How and what are you all doing right now?
The Men In Black come to your house and tell you they have reason to believe that someone you work with is an alien. Who is it and why?
How do people connect with stories? What aspects makes people relate/connect with storytelling?
What do you actually think about TikTok?
What's a pretty cool invention idea you have that you're surprised a big company hasn't created yet?
What was it like to meet your twin flame?
Redditors, what do u think is the area of Area 51?
Healthcare workers of Reddit, what was your craziest day on the job like?
Doctors of reddit what are the consequences of taking 8000%+ of the daily recommended dose of vitamin c?
What are some ways to get over someone you love?
So people who post memes and share stuff don't even get paid actual money? It's just for Karma? Why even bother then?
A new book of the Bible is discovered. The Book of Jokes. What are some of it's most famous quotes?
[Serious] What's the good in your life?
Actors of Reddit, what is the worst thing that has happened on stage?
which is the top meme of your country?
Hunters of Reddit, what is your experience with deer?
What are some positive things about small penises?
A new bible book is discovered, The Book of Jokes. What are some of it's most famous quotes?
Snowflakes of Reddit, now what's got your panties in a bind?
People of Reddit, How did you meet your partners?
What makes redditors love Reddit so much? Why do they keep posting stuff about how Reddit's better than other social media?
Redditors, what’s the scariest thing you’ve experienced that ended up being something silly?
How do we store and retrieve memories?
Why do trump supporters still exist ?
What is the scummiest marketing trick?
If skills were downloaded like in The Matrix, what skill would you download?
Who was the most hated person in school and why? What did he/she do?
Who was the stranger you met,that you will never forget? What happened?
What simple fact baffles you?
What do you think about people who is offended of some specific kind of humor?
What would you do if you woke up tomorrow and on your phone was a video of you getting hurt real bad by someone?
Sitcom watchers of reddit...Do you think you would know when to laugh if there was no laugh track? Would the show still be funny?
How do you know you exist?
Redditors who hate Instagram and/or TikTok, what’s your reasoning behind it?
What fictional character do you most relate to?
What song gives you goosebumps?
What examples, if any, can you give for a service scam that turned out to actually help people?
what is the scariest text message you’ve ever received?
People who were in a frat/sorority in college, did it actually give you meaningful lifelong friends and a better college experience? Do you regret it?
What's the most sexual thing that has happened to you at a sleepover? [NSFW]
What really grinds your gears?
How and why do we actually 'wake up' from sleep?
Since being stuck at home, what is something you found in your closet that you forgot or didn't realize you had?
People that have dated a psychopath/sociopath, what is it like?
What scene form yours favorite tv show made you cry,why?
What is your dream job ( no money worries)?
When has peer pressure gotten to you?
What’s your food delivery app of choice? How much do you tip?
What is your favorite adjective?
Former homeless people of Reddit, it’s difficult to hand out change when people are seen using it recklessly. Is there a way spot/help those who’d benefit the most?
People who have built bomb shelters in their homes, what are you preparing for?
Why do chihuahuas shake?
What is a great thing to buy to pass a lot of time for 60 dollars?
Reddit users, why do you use reddit?
Adults of reddit, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Movie buffs of reddit, what are some movies everyone should watch at least once in their lifetime?
How do you stop internal chatter?
The dead have started to rise and the zombies are taking over the world. What is each subreddit doing?
People of reddit, who is the person with the most extreme beliefs you've ever met? and what are their extreme beliefs?
You are given a pen at the beginning of a school year. You are tasked with not losing it for the rest of said school year. How do you do it successfully?
What do you think women get off of because they’re woman but men get in trouble for?
What Shakespeare have you read/seen and did you like it? Why or why not?
Sexual assault victims of reddit, what’s your story? Did you ever get justice?
Which song did you listen to a really long time before realizing what it was actually about?
What will you no longer support when everything settles and goes back to normal and why?
What is the strongest scientific theory?
Lawyers of Reddit. What was the case that made you lose your faith in the system?
How many bras is an appropriate number for a woman to own?
[Serious] What is your favourite childhood memory?
You are now your profile picture. What are you? How will you live the rest of your life?
People of reddit what as seen on tv product is worth buying?
What’s a training program that could land someone a great job?
What was the moment where you felt the shittiest?
If God exists and he (or she) revealed themselves, would people who believe in God actually accept God as God?
An assasin is assigned to kill you. He is assigned an object to kill you with, and connot murder you by any other means. What object would you pick so that you will survive?
What is the worst Holiday?
People of reddit, how do you make internet friends?
What’s something fun to do in your 2009 Honda Civic as you wait for the GameStop employee who looks like your dead brother to start his shift?
How are pallisades sharpened at the top?
What was your saddest moment in life?
If you could help more in any situation what would it be?
Someone keeps texting No=oN and other such nonsense in a group chat. Any ideas on what this means?
What simple ways can we save money on daily essentials?
You have the ability to turn anything into a bomb, what would you do to cause the most chaos?
What is unstoppable force that will kill us all one day?
What's your unforgettable story about the night club ?
What is a useful youtube channel that will help alot of people?
With unemployment skyrocketing, what fun name will we call the new Hoovervilles of the early-21st century?
Straight guys of reddit, what's your favourite gay porn?
Garbage men and women what are the strangest things you've found in peoples trash?
What is the coolest website you’ve visited that no one knows about?
What would your parrot be constantly saying?
Bridesmaid of reddit, when you caught the bouquet were you the next one to get married?
Telemarketers of Reddit; what is the phone call that you will never forget?
Parents on reddit, how many times do you secretly regret having kids?
What do you fear, but at the same time you like it somehow?
Nursing home caretakers of Reddit, what is the funniest thing you have experienced on the job?
What’s it like to have karma on Reddit?
Is there anything you deliberately keep from your SO? If so, why?
What are movie lines you want to say when you have the oppurtunity to do so?
What games did you play on the bus after school?
Prisoners who have dropped the bar of soap what happened?
Doomsday preppers of reddit with shelters. Are you using them? How is it?
People that have been to a wedding where someone objected, What happened??
(WRONG ANSWERS ONLY) whats the best pick up line you can think of?
A Cybernetic Organism, Human Tissue grafted Endoskeleton Cyborg is destined to terminate you, how do you survive?
How did your worst enemy become your enemy?
What's one time you've started something already on the back foot?
What was your first taste of reddit fame and how did it change your reddit experience?
What Is a Fact That Sounds Fake?
[Serious] Since there is evidence that trans people who can't get gender-affirmation surgery are more likely to kill themselves, should that surgery be considered non-elective right now? Why/why not?
Students of Reddit, What's something that your teacher said that gave you -1 brain cells?
What are some jokes to tell your 6 year old little brother during 2020?
adults of reddit, do you have any tips on adult life, what to do, and what not to do?
What is your favourite compliment to receive from either of your parents?
What is the scariest horror movie theme you've ever heard?
Your life is now a coming of age teen movie. You must choose a nemesis to compete with for your crush: Chad Thundercock, Chang Dragonwang, Morty Goldschlong, or Tyrone Twatsplitter. Who do you choose?
Those who have realized we aren’t going back to normal, what made you realize it?
Pet people of Reddit, what is your advice for a first time adopter?
What’s the cure to boredom?
What are your thoughts on modern vaccines? Moreso what are your thoughts on the conversations being stirred up about Bill Gates and other wealthy elites having a hidden agenda when it comes to vaccines? [serious]
[Serious] Why is the US getting hit so hard when there were so many equally, if not more, unprepared countries?
How is your life like a movie?
What's something you've been waiting for an excuse (or a good askreddit) to share with people but hasn't come up yet?
What’s your definition of a loser?
How long does it take to build a respirator?
Men on reddit, what is something women do that they think is hot/attractive but really isn’t?
When was a moment you felt more alive than ever before?
What do you do on your free time during this time?
What's the workplace equivalent of the new inmate in prison picking a fight with the scariest looking guy on the yard?
What’s something "weird" that turns you on?
Lurkers of Reddit, why do you lurk?
If any object in your house were to come alive and try to kill you because you treated it badly, what one, and why?
Water is no longer a thing and you must now drink, bathe and wash with a new liquid, what liquid do you choose and why ?
What did you guys think of Tiger King?
What feels real but isn't?
Dear tax-evaders; what’s your trick?
What’s a song that you know all the lyrics to?
Why were the French considered "the Germans" of the 19th century?
How to post mp4 video?
What is your great idea for the next Indiana Jones Franchise?
creator of content on youtube (or any platform) how much do you pay on youtube? would it be a good working method?
What famous people would survive the gulag?
What is the best piece of music in a movie, regardless of the movie's reception or popularity?
What's some workplace lingo you have heard that drives you up a wall?
What is the worst song by your favorite artist/band?
If you were a much disliked president in an election year with the world falling apart, what would you offer people to try to win them over?
What is the dark web like?
What do you do that you thought was normal until someone called you out?
What are some useless facts nobody really should/would know but you do?
Would you date a women who has a child, why or why not?
you wake up as a doll version of yourself in a little girl's room, neither one of you know each other, and the girl doesn't know you're sentient, you can still do anything your normal body can do, you're just a doll, what do you do in this new life?
What is something you thought only you do but allot of people actually do?
People who have dated diagnosed psychopaths, what is it like?
People of Reddit, how much would someone have to pay you to kill your mortal enemy? Why this amount?
[NSFW] Redditors who are aware of the circumstances of their conceptions, what were those circumstances (and why the heck do you know)?
Based off of another thread, what would be some solid advice to give someone going to jail?
You have an hour to commit 2 crimes and escape the cops. The cops are immediately onto you after you commit the crimes. How would you escape the cops, and what 2 crimes would you commit?
what is it gonna be like for you when this is over?
What haven't you ate in a while?
Men who send dick pics, why do you do it?
Adopted redditors, what was your initial reaction after learning you were adopted? [Serious]
Why did you break up with an otherwise good person?
If you had to guess, what does being born feel like?
Exactly how many pints?
Why does TP seem so much more important than food for many families?
What are your Zoom tips/best practices?
People of reddit who have worked on movies/tv shows, whats the weirdest thing you've seen on set?
You get 1 wish for anything you want (except more wishes), what do you wish for?
The Apocalypse is 5 days away. What do you do?
Which subreddits are most amusing when drunk?
What are some songs that deserve more recognition?
What should you never pay full price for?
People of Reddit, how do you make a birthday special while in isolation?
What’s the best way to advance backwards across the channel after giving the krauts a bloody nose in Dunkirk?
Parents of Reddit: What's the thing that other parents do that makes you cringe?
What are some the best free or deeply discounted services going on right now?
What's your favorite video game quote?
Why do you think your life is worth more than others?
Parents of reddit, what the funniest way your child wound up hurting themselves?
What would you like to happen after your death?
Fellow Reddit gamers, what is a good free multiplayer game that someone can play now and doesn't require a lot of skill to have fun?
What's something you want to get off your chest?
What is something that put a smile on your face today?
Which part of movie "Midsommar" disturbed you the most?
(Serious) Are there any redditors with no siblings or relatives? If so, what were the circumstances?
People who tell/would tell their children to believe in myths such as Santa, why?
Dog Owners of Reddit, what breed of dog is the best kind to get as a first time dog owner?
Is global warming done not that we’re not doing things? How?
A lot of film/tv features infidelity? But who enjoys watching this?
Users of reddit: what lead you to realize being related by blood doesn't actually make you "truly family?"
What do you do if you friend is a cuck?
What is a good sub reddit for people who want karma?
Celebrities of Reddit, what are you famous for?
What are your thoughts on psychology telling us that we are attracted to our friends?
People of Reddit. What ruined watching porn for you?
What is something basically all of us have in common?
Why almost every single woman on earth waits for the guy she likes to ask her out. And if he didn't then the most radical method that she would use is giving him hints?
What makes you think you're better than others?
Hairdressers/Barbers of reddit who was your grossest customer?
If Avengers: Endgame was made in 1969 instead of 2019, what actors would play each role?
Medical practitioners of Reddit, what is one thing that never gets shown in medical dramas?
Sales people of Reddit, what is the stupidest product you ever had to sell?
Redditors, do you honestly think you could take another persons life? What makes you think this way and under what circumstances would you deem this acceptable?
Teachers of Reddit, What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen a student do?
How can one possibly stop thinking about Isabelle singing?
If you met someone who had never heard any kind of music before then what album would you tell them to listen to?
How was your day?
Americans of Reddit, what are you going to spend your Trump Change on?
Former children (or maybe even current children) of Reddit, what have your parents done that officially made you s n a p?
What are some types of memes you find inexplicably funny?
What are some easy ways to spice up instant ramen?
You wake up tomorrow to find yourself in the world of the last video game you played. How screwed/lucky are you?
What is your favorite thing to do on your phone while using the toilet?
What is the most beautiful sound that you have ever heard?
What will probably happen during the apocalypse that nobody talks about?
What’s the reason that Snopes had a bad reputation with some part of the web?
What are the most important aspects of your identity?
People that actually do Homework, What motivates you to do it?
What is a good sub reddit people who need karma?
Journalist of Reddit: what is the truth behind the iron curtain? Is journalism really just a bunch of opinions? is there a rule to only publish truth? Is it more about clicks or views?
What would you consider as your craziest “Well that escalated quickly” moment?
What is something absurd that someone told you that you thought was fake until you looked it up?
What things to do before you die?
What are the biggest secrets have you overheard that changed your view on someone completely?
What was your "wait, did it really work" moment?
What arguments have you won in your mind recently?
Kidnapping victims of Reddit, what's your story?
Redditors who have had a life or death experience in the wilderness, what was your story?
What word did you use to think meant something completely different from its actual meaning?
What would replace entertainment such as dancing in a Zombie apocalypse?
Which game soundtracks always gives you goose bumps?
What is your favourite compliment to receive from either of your parents? Biological or adopted.
What is a thing you knew that will happen, but turned out worst than your prediction?
How in the hell is a car wash deemed essential to stay open?
So is the term "sick" when used in slang still PC...or naw?
why does it take so long to upload mp4s to google drive?
Americans of Reddit, do you still use Imperial measurements? If so, why?
We’ve had a Mr. Rogers movie, what other kind people should get movies?
you become a weredog, similar to a werewolf, but instead of becoming a werewolf when you see a full moon, you instead become a little cute dog, what do you do with this new ability?
When is the last moment you feel piece full.?
Asexuals of Reddit, how do you actually feel about sex?
[NSFW] Women’s of reddit, if you learnt that no guy ever masturbated to you, how would you feel?
What song makes you go crazy in a good way?
What’s one thing you hate about GenZ?
If your life was encapsulated in one song (and please elaborate), what would that song be? Either memories you’ve had with it, something that speaks to you or makes you feel a certain way, lyrics, your name in it, whatever. Any genre, timeframe, whatever. And please, be honest, for science?
You may host a dinner party for 1 living(famous) and 1 dead person (famous), who would you invite and why?
If you could limit your parents' internet activity, what sites would you allow them to visit?
How do you prepare fillet mignion?
Peoples of Reddit, what/when was your deepest build-up of debt you had to pay back in your life?
If you no longer had to sleep, how would you spend your newly allotted free time?
What unexpectedly has the ingriediants in it to make an explosive?
What is your biggest regret from High School?
Dear Americans: What are your honest opinions on Chipotle?
Who was the biggest douchebag you met that you considered your friend?
When did you realize you were "special"?
You get a chance to use teleport only once and only one way, where would you drop yourself and why?
If you had to run away from everyone, then where would you hide yourself ?
How do you deal with the feeling of being so hungry that you don't want to eat at all?
If the world was going to end tomorrow and we had one last global concert before we were all wiped out, who would be your 3 performing acts and in what order would they perform?
what supervillain do you know but is more a villain considering he lacks superpowers?
What exactly would you be on to do this yes?
People who are loud in bed/screamers, what’s the story of when you figured that out and how does it affect your sex life?
Who are our true leaders in this time of crisis?
[Serious] Anyone worried that the US is heading the path of a rising Nazi Germany? Except with Asians this time instead of Jewish people? Agree or disagree and why?
Shelter-at-home-ers of reddit, what Friday night activity in your household is most (depressingly and/or hilariously) emblematic of how much life has changed since one month ago?
What was the most amount of money you've ever made and how did you earn it? What did you spend it on?
Dear Christian's of reddit, why do some Christians not like homosexuals? [serious]
Non-Canadians of Reddit, what do you admire about Canada/Canadians?
People who have intentionally murdered someone, why did you do it?
What are some great life hacks you want everyone to know?
What is the funniest word that your child has ever made up or mid-pronounced?
If you could time travel once we’re would you go and why?
Redditor’s with obsessions how does it feel to be obsessed and what are you obsessed with?
What's something good that happened recently in your life?
what's best anime of all time and why?
What does 42069 mean?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
what non edible flavor do you like?
Why were you sent to your room as a kid?
You have an hour to commit 2 crimes and escape the cops.the cops are immediately onto you after you commit the crimes. The cops are immediately onto you after you commit the crimes. What 2 crimes would you commit?
What good has happened in your life recently?
What was that school playground story that turned out to be true?
What is the obsession with Tiger King all about?
What does IDK mean?
Why were you sent to you room as a kid?
Redditors,what was the scariest situation you've been in?
Ladies, what is the hottest nonsexual thing a guy can do?
What motivates you to brush your teeth more: the desire to avoid tooth decay or the desire to not have bad breath?
What movie has the greatest “what the fuck” ending?
what's the best wisdom you have ever received?
(X) (Y) of Reddit what was the (Z) thing you ever (W)?
What’s a song you think everybody should know and listen to??
How do you make a 'best friend' after college?
[Serious]How does soldiers feel when they are in a battlefield, or in war combat?
What is the hottest nonsexual thing a guy can do?
You now have complete control over every domestic cat on the planet. What do you do with this power?
If someone pressured you to come up with a buisness idea to start your own buisness (that person would financially support you) what would it be?
If your reputation was ruined online, and anyone who googled your name could read negative things about you, how would you go about fixing that?
What do you think will be the most popular Reddit post of all time?
Adults of reddit (25-80+), what are the best life advices you could give to your younger self/any teenager from this generation?
Ex Users Of Reddit.. What’s the worst thing you did when you were using and still feel bad about now that you are clean?
If you have ridden a dog like a horse, what was the breed and what happened?
Death row inmates of Reddit, what was your last meal?
People who still use the default browser on your computer (like internet explorer or safari), why?
ladies, you go number 2 and your boyfriend walks into the bathroom shortly thereafter, comes out and starts throwing a fit about how bad it smells. He starts spraying lysol everywhere. what do you do in this situation?
Military people of reddit, what is your scariest story?
[Serious] What was your childhood security blanket and do you have one now as an adult?
What do you think will be the most popular reds it post of all time?
The smallest object next to you is your cause of death, what is it?
Where is the skin softest/weakest?
Which online gaming community is currently dying?
you get cursed by a godly being to only be able to breathe in water, what do you do?
What things Are weird but are technically true?
What are some good free games to play?
What is your favorite Mean Girls quote?
What phrase irritates you as soon as you hear it?
With all the binge watching going on lately, what are your new favorite movies?
If you could be any mythical character, what would you be and why?
Are you feeling lonely tonight? If yes,what will make you feel better rn?
Why are some Asian women so pale?
What is peanut butter like without the jelly?
What is the scariest movie you’ve seen?
After the last 3 weeks, people of Reddit who don't like sports, how the hell do you do it?
How to get over s sudden and unexpected loss of a pet?
What is your go-to inexpensive makeup?
What's something you could tell the world, but then you would have to kill them all?
What is a cool phenomenon everyone should know that can be done with household items?
How do meters work (How would you describe like 20cm taller than you)?
Which "crossroads" moment in your life would you like to see the alternative result the most?
You are locked in a cage with 15 cute puppies and kitties, what do you do to get out alive ?
Guys of Reddit, what dirty habit do you hate about your girlfriend?
Teachers of Reddit, what were the most innovative ways someone tried to cheat?
What would you do immediately, if somebody gave you million dollars?
Who is the most noteworthy person you’ve ever met in your life?
You and your best friend go to prison. Large Leroy reckons that one of you are about to finna be his prison wife. He lets you choose if its you, or offers you a 20 soups if you set your friend up to be cornholed. What do you choose?
Conspirators of Reddit, what conspiracy do you strongly believe in?
In the series Parks and Recreation, Donna and Tom take one day of the year to treat themselves with only the best food, clothing and gifts. What would your 'treat yourself' day be like?
Satan has welcomed you as the first member of his new world! Hell of mild inconvenience. Why do you think you were chosen for it?
Why is Animal Crossing so popular?
You're granted the power to learn two unknown facts about existence. What information would you learn, and how would you use this knowledge?
Since you've been self isolating, what YouTube channels / channel topics have you become addicted to?
Which movie adaptations can't you take seriously because you associate the actors too much with their other iconic roles?
Was just wondering if redder was a world and if not why?
What is the worst damage you have seen a cheeseburger cause to it's surrounding environment?
What music has helped you when you’re feeling suicidal or just down in general?
who knew evil girls had the prettiest face?
The smallest object next to you will be the cause of your death, what is it?
What video game has the best soundtrack?
What tv series everyone hates but you love?
How do you guys feel about the cutest little asparagus farm closing, The Stalk Inn?
What would your ideal Heaven look like? Or hell, if you're going there instead?
Who is the most famous person you or your family has ever met ?
Social media giveaway winners of Reddit, what did you win and who was it from?
What’s your best “put up or shut up” story?
Redditors who were once served by a waiter or waitress who later went on to become a famous celebrity: who was it and what do you recall about them? How was their service?
When they eventually make a movie about 2020, who will be the protagonist and what’s the storyline?
What's something you don't understand but are too embarrassed to ask at this point?
Bus drivers (or passengers) of Reddit, what crazy things have you experienced?
You have 1 minute to buy whatewer you want. What would you buy?
What do you guys obsess over daily/weekly?
As an extend to the fellow redditor, Ex-Homeless redditors, how did you manage to get out of that situation and be who you are now?
What are your best tabletop RPG Stories?
Hotel workers, what is the craziest thing you've found in a hotel room?
Which anime attack name is the coolest one?
What is your go-to song to help you in difficult times?
How prison is now during the rona demic?
Reddit, do you need noise to sleep? If yes why?
Reddit, why don't you keep in mind that you can die at any given second and start appreciating what you have instead of crying about what you don't?
Sommelier‘s of Reddit, what wine goes best with Oreos?
Americans of reddit what is something not true about you that is heavily shown in movies and tv shows?
What’s a behaviour that you changed just because of something you heard, and have never gone back?
What are the best video games spring sale deals right now?
If you could become a spirit of myth, what would you become, how would you become it, what would you represent?
Your life’s a movie, but what’s the title?
Why is your pet named what it is named?
People of reddit, honestly, what would you do if you were the richest person on the Earth? (Serious)
If you knew you had a week left to spend with your old man doggo before you have to put him down due to a huge tumour in his chest, what would you do with your time with him?
What has something that you have regretted watching before going to bed?
You have an hour to commit 2 crimes and escape the cops. What 2 crimes would you commit, and how would you escape the cops?
The Trojan-horse just signed up for the Kentucky Derby. What name will it be running under?
How woudl you use garlic, and oregano to get rid of the v1r1s reddit?
What do you think will happen next in year 2020.?
What would you classify a city of 18,000 people as (large, medium or small)?
You now have the option to travel into any fictional world of your choosing that you currently own in book form. Which do you go into and why?
People of Reddit, what kink did you not like until you tried it? [NSFW]
Who is the nice person on the opposite spectrum to Ellen DeGenerese?
When, and if, does the USA become martial law where everybody is one for themselves instead of one for all? Will this happen and if so why?
People with headphones rolled up, why don’t you unroll them?
If your pet could talk what would they say to you?
What parts of the world have yet to be explored?
How do you think the competition for employment will play out when this all subsides?
What's considered attractive if you're female, but not if you're male?
What incident made you sit down and wonder about the purpose of your life on earth?
You are cooking a mundane meal. You blink your eyes and suddenly your kitchen turns into Masterchef Kitchen. Gordon Ramsay comes to you and asks "What's the name of the dish?"
What's the hottest person in naruto?
You have to survive on 1 month, what would you put on your backpack?
What activities or skills are you mediocre at that you think is still uniquely interesting to participate in and why?
Pawn Shop Employees of Reddit, what's the worst deal you've been offered?
The whole world has the jumper super power. Which power do you choose to combat it?
Turns out the loading screen after death is horribly designed and you can only check the number of times you’ve done, seen or interacted something. What do you check?
What's the oldest memory you have of?
What is the most useful recreational skill in your opinion?
Teachers of reddit, what's the funniest answer you've gotten from a student that wasn't technically wrong?
Train drivers of reddit, what's the worst train accident that you've expirienced?
If push to desperation, which authors books would you use as toilet paper?
The world is always changed after major events like this. What will be the next "new normal"?
How much time do you think you've spent throughout your life looking at the moon?
Eating dogs or bats is considered wrong, but why don't we think the same about cows and pigs?
What is the scariest experience you been through?
Key workers of Reddit, are you okay? What's it really like out there?
Why are comments within the "main" Reddit subs so left wing?
How do you convince a good friend they’re making a bad decision? [serious]
What is one idiom or quote in your region that will be instantly recognized and understood by most of the ppl around?
Is it wrong to hate a certain group? And if so, why is it okay to hate that group even know you just said it's not okay to hate any groups?
What’s the funniest memory of your sibling(s) that helped shape you into the thick-skinned, fearless human you are today?
If you could choose, how would you want to die?
Former conspiracy theorists, what made you stop?
What's the most popular show of all time?
What tastes best paired with a nice warm, microwaved salad?
If you could describe yourself as a fruit, what fruit would you be?
What song is inspirational for you and gives you a reason to get going in the morning?
[serious] What was the nsfw thing to happen in a game of truth or dare that you were playing?
What are some mindblowing conspiracy theories you heard of that made you really question your beliefs for a second?
If not for current situation, what would you be doing tonight?
You have the power to turn into anything even if it is not real what is the first thing your turn into?
What are some mobile games actually worth playing?
Police officers of reddit, what is the worst excuse you have heard from someone you were giving a ticket?
People of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in front on the class?
Who do you hate but everyone loves?
What's the darkest secret many services have?
What is the worst event a single cheeseburger has caused Reddit?
Women of reddit, what advice would you give guys or other girls or anyone else for sex with y’all?
What are the most annoying things your neighbors do?
What ever happened to SHSO?
What was a scam that almost or did trick you?
What’s keeping you going through life, how do you just carry on?
Quick, without thinking. What was one of Timmy Turner’s many wishes?
Could the show Forensic Files have taught criminals how to avoid getting caught?
Reddit who doesn't sort AskReddit by new. Why?
At a realistic and thoughtful guess, where would you place your lifetime batting average when asking for sex with you current partner?
What moment did you realize you have a Best Friend?
Which video game won Game of the decade?
What is a genuine 'We don't want you to know this one, simple trick" from your profession?
Which movie was the first one to ever have a shot of the "cool action hero walking away from exploding thing in the background, not looking"?
Residents of the 8 US states that do not have a stay at home order, what's your opinion of not having such an order in place?
Old people of Reddit... what are you trying to convey... when you text... with so many pauses...?
Serious, Ex Bikers of Reddit, what's it really like being in a biker gang?
Actual Coma patients that woke up after some years/decades, what was the hardest thing about adapting to the modern world?
What is the least amount of effort you've put in that successfully lead to sex?
What do you think is going to be the next big craze this decade?
The closest object with your favorite color will start talking to you. What is it and what kind of conversation are you going to have?
What are your best stories from your lifetime?
What are some downsides/negative things about weed people don’t tell you? [SERIOUS]
Where has all the news gone on Italy these days?
[Serious] What's something that's amazed you about another culture?
If you could erase one odor from existence, which would it be?
What joke do you use on the first date to feel out your potential partners sense of humor?
Ex-homeless redditors, how did you get out of your situation?
What do you think the most difficult thing about dating yourself is?
If you could have teleported once in your life till now, when and why did you do it?
what was the most unforgivable thing youve ever done?
Redditors that lives in small towns how is cvd 19 affecting you guys?
What are some of the best 24/7 free live streams available to watch?
What is some common sense examples that are no longer common?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever screamed when watching a horror movie?
How would it affect your relationship if your significant other suddenly became much less revolting and people even began to see her/him/other as sexually attractive?
What are some good sites to buy makeup from? Do any of them offer fast shipping or free samples?
what did you do and then instantly regret?
If you had one chance to hide your stash, where would you hide it that no one could find in 10 seconds or less?
What book has the best ending of all time?
Serial or Episodic TV? Which do you prefer? Or does it depend on the show?
Who do you hate and why?
If you knew you had one last day to live, how would you spend it?
How often do you look at people in your surroundings and wonder how they look naked?
What languages do you speak?
People of reddit who went and stocked up on toilet paper why?
What's the most shocking thing you caught your family doing?
What movies give you goosebumps?
What is your “new normal” routine?
With all the bad that has been going on this year, what has been your favorite moment so far from 2020?
What alcohol goes best with Xanax?
People of Reddit, what are some crazy rumours of pieces of gossip that you may have heard over the years?
What do you do when you’re the militant leader of a third world country, and there’s a US embassy full of bargaining chips in your capital?
What do only poor people think is classy?
What is something that you can say after both sex and after a movie?
To the Married people of Reddit, Who thinks it’s ok for someone to use your reception to propose?
Redditors who have used a ghostwriter or a writing service, what was your experience?
What is the most memorable quote/Scene have you seen in a movie, serie or videogame?
What is a funny retort to someone who criticizes you for eavesdropping? Why?
Why are young people (20’s) so afraid to get old?
What was a vegetable you absolutely hated when you were a kid?
What healing earth is doing in your area while humans are leaving it alone?
Anyone on Reddit with financial tips and advice for a teenager with no knowledge of how any of it works?
What’s a socially unacceptable name that you wish you could name your child?
Whats the weirdest/most unusual animal phenomenon that you have witnessed? What caused it if you know?
“It’s America! Love it or leave it!” Who (especially US citizens) are seriously considering leaving the US after things start to settle down around the world?
What the most reliable app for buying instagram followers?
People of reddit what are the weirdest rule 34 things you found while thinking "who would do this?"
You have to design a ridiculous yet functional "As Seen On TV!" product. What is your product?
What's your favourite thing about Reddit and why?
What's the nicest country in Europe ?
What silver lining have you found in recent times?
A song plays whenever you enter a room. What song do you choose?
People with chronic anxiety? What are you doing to keep levels as low as possible?
Pornstars of reddit, whats the weirdest thing you had to do on set?
What is your favorite fictional creature and why?
How are we doing the Easter Bunny this year?
Guys of Reddit, what's one thing that girls keep doing thinking it's sexy or cute, but it's not?
Why are homeless people often treated so badly?
How does gaining and losing karma work?
What works just perfectly?
If there was a zombie apocalypse, were would you go and why?
Have you ever dated someone that began to annoy you for no reason? What do you think changed and how did it end?
When most of us men get sick, we become the biggest babies in the world. What is equal to this sentence but for women?
When do you think the viris will end? What are your thoughts?
When most of us men get sick, we become the biggest babies in the world, What is equal to this sentence but for women?
Could the show Forensic Files have taught criminals how to avoid getting caught?
Redditors who have lost your hands, what is a big inconvenience you didn’t even think about when you lost your hand?
What good thing do you regret doing?
Economists of Reddit, what do you think will happen with the sudden massive increase in unemployment in the US?
People who are called Karen, what’s it like?
What was the last honest thing someone said to you, that you thought was a little to honest?
What are ways women and children who are victims of domestic abuse can stay safe in their house?
Self-confidence seems different in the people who had to achieve it versus those who always had it. What’s your story?
What's your favorite anti-happy-ending movie?
What is your best excuse when you get pulled over for speeding?
When taking a dump, and you pinch off a loaf prematurely, how far have you gone to get the remaining fecal matter out of your rectum?
What's the thing that scares you the most? [Serious]
How’d you feel after hearing about Kurt Cobain’s passing?
What is everyone's GO TO GAME ? and why?
When have you exploited a loophole?
Why are Russians so cute ?
What is your experience being NSFW?
What mundane thing do you find oddly satisfying?
What food did you get food poisoning from and will never eat agw?
What is Reddit to you?
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
Musicians and music listeners of Reddit, what's the classical music piece that starts with these notes: D C-A#-A-G, A G-F-E-D?
What is the best Monty Python movie?
What is the worst possible thing you could say when meeting your significant others parents for the first time?
What moment of your life is just like the “well they had us in the first half” meme?
Do you think you will survive this before a cure or vaccine is created, and if yes, then how?
What is the most unexplainable thing that has ever happened to you?
People of Reddit, what is something/someone that you remember but nobody else seems to remember?
Girls of Reddit, what is one simple way a guy should know if a girl likes him or not?
What lesson do you think you’ll take away from this experience and actually apply going forward?
Doctors and Nurses of Reddit, what was the strangest thing a patient before going under?
Why is Canada the world military super power ?
Pilots of reddit what was your "that could have gone a lot worse" moment ? [serious]
People who never normally cry, what last made you shed a tear ?
For those who met the person they thought they were going to marry but didn’t end up marrying them, what happened?
What state do you have no interest in ever visiting? How come?
Semi drivers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you saw while driving?
Hey reddit, what's in your stockpile? Pantry items, go to apocalypse meals, etc?
What would you do if your house started to melt into chocolate?
What information about yourself that you are only willing to share while anonymous?
What would you do first if the internet went out everywhere?
What's really scary in the dark, but as soon as you turn on the lights, looks ridiculous?
What's the best thing about your job?
How can we Institute some sort of punishment for reporters who ask stupid questions and questions trying to trap our leaders on things they previously said?
People of Reddit, what would you say to a man who wear toenail polish?
What do you think happens after we die?
Humans of Reddit; why are we here?
Who has the craziest phone contact list in the world?
How do you make a Friends theme intro?
What have you learn about yourself during these hard times?
Whats that one song that u always hear in the car in the summer?
What are the weirdest/creepiest messages you have heard read out on radio shows?
Where is your favorite place to go on vacation?
Whats are some non-sexual things u mastrubated to?
If you could trade your life with fictional character's one, which one would it be and why?
What vacations of yours were cancelled bc of CVD19?
Reality tv contestants what was it really like being on said show?
Pierced Mothers of Reddit, how would you compare your nipple piercing pain to the pain of childbirth?
Reddit, You've just had your right arm chopped off! A kind sorcerer offers his help. What supernatural prosthetic will you have installed in its stead?
filler filler filler why?
Why are ugIy hunks more attractive than handsome hunks?
What sounds kinky/sexy on paper but completely backfires in execution?
Just came back from a 3-month trip to a remote island without cell phone. What happened in the world?
What is your favorite ninjago episode and why?
What’s your guilty pleasure song?
People who are reading this why did you click on it?
Aside from religion and politics, what are other things that you should not talk about on a first date?
What is your best friends name?
What is your worst fear?
Gamers of Reddit, other than enjoyment, why do you play the games you play?
people of reddit whats your favorite thing to do to pass time?
What’s on everyone’s bucket list for when we can all go out?
What is the smartest thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
How do you feel, having pronounced "GIF" wrong your whole life?
Just came back from a 3-month trip to a remote island. What happened in the world?
Current and ex high schoolers of reddit, what did that one ‘friend’ do to get kicked out of the friend group?
Have you ever created an OC for something? If so, what ws it made for?
Why are family vacations to north Korea such a blast?
Workers of Reddit, what's the angriest you've ever made your boss?
If you could comment using just F, what would you say?
What product is always worth the price?
What is the wrong answer to this question?
What race do you find most/least attractive?
What is a completely useless item that we still use regularly?
People of Reddit: How do child killers differ from adult killers?
Parents of reddit who have healthy relationships with their children (of any age), what did you do to foster/maintain those healthy relationships?
Adults of Reddit, what is the appeal of bloody marrys?
Who knows a small list of companies that is paying their employees through this crisis?
When did someone really surprise you?
Who seems like they would be a dick/bitch but are actually really nice?
What videos do you watch at 3am and realize..."Wait what am I watching right now"?
what is your favorite 80's tv sitcom theme songs?
Men of reddit, why do you sit with your hand in your pants?
What do you want right now?
What is your favorite comic book movie of all time?
What is the weirdest dream you've ever had?
When was the first time you said “I love you” to a none family member and truly meant it ?
What do you like the smell of but hate the taste of?
What's that heist song that has a descending trumpet as the hook?
Toasters Of Reddit, What's The Weirdest Thing Put Inside Of You?
Why is the world a hexagon?
What is a useless but interesting fact you know?
How would the world change if all drinks were suddenly clear?
How do you override an integrated webcam with a virtual one?
Men of Reddit, if you could say one thing to any female in your life, with complete impunity, who is she and what would you say?
Hipsters of Reddit, what were you into before it was cool?
How does a blind man determine when he's done wiping?
What did “that kid” in your school do that will never leave your mind?
What is your favorite dad joke?
Why did you break up with your ex?
Who were your childhood bullies and what are they like now that they’re older?
what is a show that you have liked but everyone else hates?
Who is the equivalent of Sia (the singer) for men?
What is the process of taking a vacation as a lone single male?
students and teachers: how is online schooling? how do you feel about it? are you keeping up with everything? what's annoying you?
What's the strangest gene you've gotten from your parents (hair, height, etc)?
What age bracket do you prefer online friends to be?
What is your favourite video game?
[Serious] What movie scares you to the core, even as you've grown up?
what was "the incident" at your school?
What's the best game you've ever played?
What are the main day to day differences between living in the US and the UK?
What does the Make-A-Wish Foundation do if they can't fulfill a wish?
what is the most primitive trait you notice in yourself?
Redditors that have their "read" receipts off on text messages, who are you avoiding?
Conservative Christians of reddit: do you like/approve of the Doom games? Why or why not?
Delivery men of reddit what's the weirdest thing you've ever seen or delivered?
Auto mechanics of reddit. What are different ways you've been paid for your service's?
What is your all time favorite meme?
What pet(s) do you have, is your pet’s name and why did you choose that name?
What happened in your sexual dream?
What memory has stayed with you the longest for no discernible reason?
[Serious] People who learned to read later in life, how did things change for you?
What is your favorite objective truth?
If you go back in time and tell yourself one thing what would it be?
What is the weirdest experience you’ve had?
Those that struggle with food addiction, what food/drink is your weakness?
What is your favorite restaurant?
When did you find out phrasing is everything on Reddit?
Guys of reddit, how did you manage to escape the friendzone and was it worth it?
What is your favourite vocoded meme?
Teens of reddit, what something you love about yourself?
Do you think Carol Baskin killed her husband what is your theorie?
If your wife or girlfriend cheated on you with an insanely hot sexy lesbian, what would you do ?
What’s something you don’t like, but really wish that you did?
We've been hearing bad things a lot during these trying times, but what good things have happened to you?
What picture or video makes you laugh every time you see it?
What is your favorite Mario game?
If you smoke nice cigars, do you smoke past the band(remove it) or smoke just up to where it was,Why?
What is the most iconic movie scene you can think of?
what’s the best askreddit post you’ve seen?
Why do different types of cats have different vocalizations? Is this genetic or a learned behavior?
How do you get rid of chats or direct messages in your Reddit inbox?
Have you ever asked someone or has someone asked you to run away together, if so what happened?
What advice would you give for first pregnancy?
how do you get famous on ask reddit?
What’s the most reliable app for buying instagram followers?
Would you rather be cremated or buried, and why?
What is some GOOD news you heard today?
Who's your favorite Star Wars character, and why?
Water has no colour , so why our planet called as a blue planet ?
People who have had a spinal tap, did it hurt?
What is beyond the great antarctic wall?
Do looks matter? Why?
needshoes? Which you need?
What's the most brutal comeback you've ever heard?
If you can taste emotions, what do you think which feeling would taste like?
Redditors that know a 2nd language, when did you pretend to not know English?
What is your favorite lego piece?
What will history call depression since the "Great Depression" is not available?
A huge fight breaks out inside a club. What music is currently playing?
did you ever wanted to make a situation better, but actually made it worse? what happened?
People in a relationship, What did your partner do that made you realise you were in love with them?
What advice would you give someone moving out for the first time?
Can estimate how many dongs you have seen?
Magicians assistants of Reddit, what does it feel like to be sawed in half?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What is the craziest thing one of your teachers had done ?
What song gives you goose bumps everytime?
How do you cope with a breakup?
While watching TV, do you leave the remote next to you on the couch or on the coffee table? And what are your thoughts on people who do it the opposite way to you?
What is the one time you have been bullied that you can't forget about?
What are the coolest things to suck at?
What do you think is the perfect crime?
Reddit, what are two truths and a lie about yourself?
People that microwave left over pizza, why?
Retail workers of Reddit: What is your worst customer/Karen experience?
Ex-prisoners of reddit, what is something you will never forget about prison?
What s the weirdest fanfic you ve read?
Redditors who fake post for karma why?
What's something you should never cheap out on?
Can countries and ordinary people sue a country in which an infection began due to lack of precautions and a weak containment system and giving false numbers to health organizations? And what are the odds that such a lawsuit succeeds?
Were overall US deaths for March 2020 up or down from what was expected? i.e. last year's numbers. I'm wondering if overall LESS people have died since people are driving less, etc? Thank you! Seems logical to me, is there data?
What's the best way to take criticism as an artist?
What is more soothing than a balm?
When did you realize you were poor?
What is your country’s top highlights taught in elementary school history class?
When you watch nature footage of a hunter vs prey situation, how do you decide who to root for?
If you could choose someone to narrate your entire life from start to finish. Who would you choose and why?
What does your birthmark look like and where is it?
How did the US government use profits from cocaine smuggling to fund a war in Nicaragua?
What would you ask your friends to get to know them better?
Why does brownie batter taste so much better than cooked brownies?
Americans of Reddit, what is a common myth about your state that is absolutely true?
What antiquated job do you think you'd be great at?
People who have vacationed to Minnesota, what attracted you to come here?
People that have killed someone on purpose, do you regret it and why &amp; what happened?
Which movie has the best plot twist?
The ultimate playlist of “the thing that shall not be named”: what songs/lyrics fit perfectly well to these weird times we are going through right now?
What's your favourite "back in my day..." story?
Let’s forget whether or not the book was better than the movie or vise versa...what would YOU have changed to make it perfect?
How often do you open a Reddit post, type up a full response, and then decide not to post it?
What is the best Dairy Queen Blizzard flavor?
What is your favorite food temperature?
Where does the buck stop and why?
It's a crazy time. How are you coping right now?
Friends of reddit of which have keepsakes boxes. What kind of items do you keep in said boxes ?
How do you indicate that you do not want to interact with someone?
If you grew up in a nice suburban neighborhood, how did you like it and do you think it was more safe there than elsewhere to grow up?
You just conquered Antarctica and rule all the penguins and settlers what laws do you make?
Gamers of reddit what are some games on PS4 you play that are John Wick esque?
If your life was a book, what would be a title?
What does moderate/healthy drinking actually look like?
What would the "Anti" version of yourself be like?
What are you going to do for fun this weekend if you’re not leaving your house?
What is a song that describes the world’s current situation?
What is something you’ve been itching to do, that you otherwise wouldn’t have had time for, now that the world is essentially on pause?
Reddit, using lyrics only what is your favorite song?
How worried are you that the Big Data corporations are becoming the new concentrated elite leaving many to feel exploited, irrelevant and bleak in many ways for the future?
What are some things that existed at the turn of the century that either barely or no longer exist twenty years later?
Redditors outside of the U.S., how do you feel about us (Americans) as people vs our leadership?
How long does it take you to learn all the names of the main characters in a new show? At what episode does "The guy" or "the lady" go from general descriptors to human names?
What weird allergy do you have?
What's your favorite candy?
Teachers of reddit, how could you tell a student's crush?
Some people say that, if there is a god ,then he must be evil or doesnt care. Do you agree?why or why not?
Anyone know a way to jump into the youtube algorithm? Im barely starting and i only get 30 views and like 8 likes but thats not enough for the algorithm to recommend my vids to other ppl
What’s the funniest thing you have read on Reddit?
Redditors with kids, what’s the appeal?
What's a song you like musically but not lyrically?
Men of reddit, why do you think girls feel the need to scream so loud whenever something "scary" happens?
People of reddit, what is your "well I'm never going there again" moment?
While listening to music, what else are you doing on your phone?
People who've explored illegal side of Paris Catacombs, what was your experience like?
Avid moviegoers, what film left you surprisingly dissatisfied after watching?
What is the most confusing or rude message you have received while playing a video game?
What’s a real life cheat code?
Should the government be prohibited from using voter data for jury duty, and why or why not?
What movie was better the second time around?
Addicts of Reddit, how has the current health crisis impacted your drug usage? [Serious]
What’s your biggest secret?
Guys, what's your favorite feature on a female? Girls, what's your favorite feature on a male?
What is the best/funniest animal video you've seen?
[Serious] Reddit, what broken promise do you regret most?
What was the stupidest reason two students had a fight over at your school or college?
What do you know about the La-Li-Lu-Le-Lo?
What if we use 100% of our brain ?
What is the best twist ending?
What is the most useful skill to learn?
What are some grammar rules that aren't necessarily short, or easy to comprehend, just accurate?
What socially unacceptable behaviors did you have as a kid?
What moment from your life would do great as a meme?
What is happiness? How do you acquire it? Is it something you earn? Or is it given?
Ask reddit what would your superpower be?
People who donate big amounts of money to streamers, why?
What is your earliest memory?
People who skipped a grade in school, how did your life end up?
People who use TikTok, why?
So... you want to pleasure yourself and your whole family is on isolation together leavingalmost no alone time, what do you do?
How have you changed your daily routine hygiene? Do you still get up, shower, shave, and get properly dressed to work from home?
What has Reddit changed to the algorithm to make political posts more visible in the last say 24 hours?
Artists of reddit, what's the most bazaar piece that's been requested from you?
How is online school going?
Do Anybody else support pimping ? Why ?
What’s your favorite clothing brand?
What are your plans after this whole isolation things are over?
What are some good World War II pick up lines?
What could you use a free $500 for right about now?
Who is your nemesis ?
What are some completely useless skills you can learn, stuck in your home?
What is your earliest memory?
Dead people of reddit, how did you die?
what are your thoughts about the forth season of money heist?
a genie offers you 1,000,000,000 dollars, but they'll only give it to you if you agree to becoming immortal and de-aged to a 5 year old, do you accept the deal? and if yes, what do you do?
How would you feel about a zombie apocalypse (zombies are mix of Walking Dead, Zombieland, and World War Z) where zombies are capable of easily destroying and breaking everything except perfectly clear glass (the kind you'd use in a window or porch door)?
What would happen if every single person on earth was transported to when fire was invented?
Who is the most overrated person ever ?
What is the thing you most love about your pet(s)?
Non-Americans of Reddit, how does the U.S. look right now from the outside looking in?
People who have been portrayed in a movie, do you feel it was an accurate portrayal? Who played you?
People who recently gave yourself a haircut for the first time, how did it go?
What is the best response to "Where have you been?"?
Without saying the name, what is your favourite episode of The Simpsons?
What song’s lyrics hit you personally?
What does it mean if a guy says you are different from most other girls?
What’s the evolutionary advantage of having a big belly?
Your favorite musician and favorite movie/TV star are now in a relationship, what's their celebrity couple name?
What’s the most dumb/ stupid prank you’ve performed on someone?
What's your lucky number and is there any meaning behind it?
What gun is best for home defense?
If you could go back in time and do your whole life over again, what would you do differently?
People of Reddit - we all have to eat and eating out is limited now - how much do you spend on groceries a month?
To people that used to be homeless, what got you off the streets?
Lurkers of Reddit, what grind your gears and bring you out of the woods?
Do you ever wonder how your dog named you?
What’s the hymen’s purpose?
What’s the weirdest song you’ve cried to?
Military Redditors, what’s the dumbest thing you have done to past time at work?
In case the apocalypse starts, what are the best ways to cook a cat or dog?
What does 'maybe' mean in a relationship to you?
Screenwriters of Reddit; was there a particular scene that you wrote in a script, that you thought was really great, only for it to be completely botched after filming/editing? What happened?
Americans who moved to or stayed for a long time in another country, what shocked you the most or took you the longest to get use too?
What’s the dumbest arguement you’ve had with someone where they wouldn’t admit they were wrong?
The Devil feels very out of touch these days. He decides he's going to renovate Hell to make it more enticing for the younger crowd. What kind of Renovations need to be made?
What’s one thing you did to “fit in” but you now regret?
What are some of your unhygienic habits you’re too afraid to admit?
What is your story about the creepiest person you ever met/heard in a story?
If your house was raided by the FBI and you had to hide a USB, where would you hide it?
How to keep up the conversation?
What was that one time you closed your eyes and opened them to find yourself awake in the morning?
What are all you scumbag thieves up to these days? Boom or bust?
What are your creepiest encounters with anything, human or paranormal?
How do you maintain a reasonable and ethical vision in a world that consonantly holds all gods and ideologies suspect?
Should you help family members who constantly beg for money?
With all the stuff going around in the world, why can't we as human beings just coming together with all of our differences and similarities set aside for at least a few months? Do you think this is possible?
Who is the person in your life you just can't get rid off?
What are some of the most underrated musical artists out there?
What do you need more of in your life right now?
Reddit, what are some weird food combinations that you love and want others to try?
What is a good web host for a website that will contain heavily graphic pictures for a webcomic?
Whats a hobby you picked up that's stuck with you and helped you in the long run?
What is the most bizarre intrusive thought you've had?
What song’s lyrics hit you personally?
What product or service has NOT degraded, or gotten worse, over the years?
If listening to songs could provide video game like stat boosts for the duration they are being played what sort of stat boosts would some of your favorite songs give?
What are some good plots/storylines that would make a good story?
Whats something that people dont know about, but is a fantastic game, movie, etc?
Post a situation someone read it, and give some advice on how you got past it..??
Do you think doom eternal or animal crossing new horizons is better why?
Teachers of Reddit, what are the downright most messed up or weird things you've heard students say?
(serious) Parents who gave there kids up for adoption or had an abortion, why'd you do it ?
People who got their college degree payed for by the army. What was your experience? Was it worth it?
Former vegetarians of Reddit: What was your first taste of meat like?
(Serious) Question for those in support of gun bans: What do the words “shall not be infringed” say to you?
What are some neat life hacks you've learned since being stuck at home?
Can you pinpoint that moment when you developed your fetish? Did you realize it at the time?
How many people actually eat the cherry tomatoes that restaurants put in most salads?
What are some great, cheap, vintage bud camcorders?
How many times did you kill your parents to win an argument ?
Any one who dares , Half empty or Half full?
What movie from another characters perspective would change the genre of that movie?
Workplace bathroom key-holders of reddit, how often do customers come in with a visibly extreme urge to poop? Any funny stories?
If you were gay, would you rather your bf have a bigger penis than you or not, why?
Will try to make up a comeback. What's your best roast?
What is the strangest way someone has complimented/bragged about you?
Why worry about things you cant change/have no control over?
What did you eat today?
[Serious] Racial Minorities of Reddit, what is something the majority just doesn't seem to understand? What sincere advice would you give them to help them be more mindful?
What movie do you absolutely have to see?
How would you describe 2020 so far to somebody who has been in a coma since December 2019?
What does your name mean in the urban dictionary?
If you had to stay in your house with someone for 3 months, who would it be?
What is something you’ll always order if you see it on the menu?
What is something someone has said to you that you still think about?
Dear Reddit, what book changed your life and how?
Professional artists of reddit, was there a time where a celebrity stole your art work? What happend?
What's the worst feeling in the world?
What's the most badass moment you've ever witnessed?
Foodies of Reddit, what are some "lowbrow" guilty food pleasures?
Why do Bri'ish rappers sound atrocious?
Teachers of Reddit, is there a student that you’ll never forget about for a positive or negative reason ? If so why ?
What's your weirdest/scariest dream?
You have been granted the ability to go back in time to kill a single person. You get to choose how / when you do it. How do you fuck up the future as much as possible?
What will you die holding?
What is the biggest factor that causes some people to make a lot of money and others to make very little?
What´s the worst/best thing you´ve seen that happened due to NOT keeping a secret?
If you life was a book, what would be a title?
What are everyday things you take for granted?
Humble people of Reddit, what did you do when you realized you're really bad at a job?
What was the most stupidest business ideas that somehow got invester?
This question is for everybody, especially those who work in nursing homes that are not allowing family/visitors at this time. Are there any 3rd party companies/programs that are allowed in to assist patients with visual communication (skype, zoom, facetime, etc) with family/loved ones?
Ex-Redditors, why did you quit Redditing?
Redditors of Reddit, who are you when you are off Reddit?
Instead of dick pics, what should men send?
What is your favorite lesser known song by a popular artist?
Humans are pets. What is the most species appropriate habitat?
What is the best comeback you've ever heard?
What is your favorite meme?
In your opinion, what is the most over/underrated film you have seen?
What is something you wouldn't know about unless someone told?
Has there ever been a wedding you have been to where someone did speak up against it? How did it go?
Redditors, what is your biggest insecurity?
People who have been on the dark web, what was the most disturbing thing you saw there?
So, what's that book about on your shelf?
How can nationalism contribute to aid problems like inequality and climate change?
Ex homeless people of Reddit, how did you get out of that situation?
Women of Reddit, whats a problem girls have to deal with that most guys don’t know about?
How do you think the world would change if all women stop selling their bodies in any way, whether it be the fashion industry, pornography, etc?
What do you do for fun?
What changed when you became bald?
What was your jam in early 2000s, when music was actually good?
What's your most underated, but most useful, skill?
Why is the rum gone?
Officers of the law, what was a 911 call you remember that sounded incredibly crazy/stupid but turned out to be true?
When is a time that you've been absolutely and completely outclassed in your profession or hobby or sport and what happened?
Californians of Reddit, when the "Big one" (Earthquake around a 9.0 on the richter scale) finally hits, what will you do?
What makes a show or movie worth watching?
What’s out of your comfort zone?
What is that one amazing song by a band/artist you otherwise hate?
People who made it on the “hot posts” section, what is it like?
What do you think is the secret to Queen Elizabeth's "immortality"?
If the whole world wide web would get deleted in 24h, what would you download and why?
What everyday business practice is so scummy it should be considered a scam?
What world record can be easily beaten?
what would you do if your partner started crying during sex?
What's your favorite joke?
What is in your opinion the most underrated musical artist out there?
Your work now takes a screenshot of your computer every 30 minutes. How screwed are you?
What are some examples of a routine maintenance you do but others may not?
Will the new Modern Warfare game last as long as the old Black Ops games? Why do you think so?
What is simple/easy, once you know how to do it?
How bad is it to use dating apps as a way to entertain yourself during these times?
Whats your worst experience?
Is there a site that keeps track of company, government, and media accountability? This would be helpful when voting. Which CEOs have helped, which news outlets were honest, which politicians tried to sneak through different Acts, which tech companies valued their user privacy?
What's a major historical event you WOULD like to of have lived through?
is there anywhere online you can listen to music online with other people with video?
What are some subtle "red flags" that you didn't initially see in a relationship but turned out to be pretty bad?
To the parents who destroyed their childrens device why did you do it?
Republicans of Reddit. How has Donald Trump made you loose faith in your party? [Serious]
The world is a very different place now for people who have cars and those who don't; what other simple comparisons can be made in this time?
What homeopathy remedies are you using to combat this thing going around?
What are some free online classes or courses to take while stuck at home?
musicians of reddit, how did it make you feel when your work gets aknowledged by famous musicians?
Mobile users, what are common typos/mistakes do you make when typing because of autocorrect or just hitting a letter that’s too close to another come on letter?
What is the simplest way you have seen a dumb person solve a complicated problem?
If you could choose any job assuming money didn’t matter, what would be and why?
People with an older sibling, what's the worst thing your sibling ever did to you?
What are some games that work well played over Skype?
If YouTube was created in the mid 90's, which kind of videos would be posted?
What are your hangover cures?
Why do you think money can/can't buy happiness?
People who play The Sims what's the cruelest thing you had your sim do?
Easter Sunday is coming up and the church is having a big bash. There will be lots of people and a potluck going on. Any suggestions on what to bring?
What song makes you feel like a badass when you hear it?
Couples without any kids, are you using this time together to get in all the kink sex you can before work starts again? What ave you been up to? nsfw
What chat rooms on reddit are worth joining?
People who Sutter, what's the wost thing you heard about your Sutter?
[Serious] What are some of the easiest, healthiest things someone can do but most of us don't?
If you hate America so much, why do you follow American music, movies, tv, and entertainment in general?
Which word in the dictionary is nearly always spelled incorrectly?
What’s everybody having for dinner?
To all the Nintendo Switch owners with too much time on their hands and (probably) 40+ hours in Animal Crossing, what are some tips and tricks?
who has all the bounty paper towel and what are you using if for?
People of reddit, what are your suddenly turned off stories?
[serious] People who have been clinically dead can you describe what you've felt during the "experience" to die?
What is an amazing life hack that you wish more people knew about?
What's one food you prepare "incorrectly", but to your liking? What modifications do you make?
What's your best example of "kill them with kindness?"
Girls Of Reddit (Or Boys) , Do you find it attractive when a Man Paints His Nails Black (Or Any other colour)?
How or when can one say that they made it in life?
What’s hard about dating you?
Grown-ups of Reddit, How did you react to Osama bin Laden's Death?
you become the main character in an animated TV show (Anime included) which show do you pick and why?
You've been discharged from the Army. What rank were you?
In this time of epidemic, what are some of the challenges of healthcare and pharmaceutical companies that can be resolved using Blockchain bringing efficiency and effectiveness to mass?
What’s your favorite band/artist that not many people have heard of?
[Serious] Religious People of Reddit, Why do you believe even though the overwhelming scientific support stating otherwise?
Suicidal members of Reddit: How would you do it? (Serious)
What big advances in technology do people expect to see in the next decade ?
What are some tips for new Redditors?
You are the billionaire founder of a trendy and iconic tech company. What do you invent next just to mess with people for your own amusement?
What is a show, movie or book that you love, except for one big thing?
People who joined the army (any branch) and got financial aid for college education. What was your experience? Was it worth it?
What reddit post were you captivated by?
How annoying are your intrusive thoughts?
How can the merger of infotech and biotech soon push millions of humans out of the job market in the near future?
What’s a tv series everyone hates that you enjoy?
What’s your dream car?
What are the biggest factors you consider when considering moving to another state for a job?
What game was THE game to play in your childhood?
Hey Reddit, what’s the craziest conspiracy theory you’ve heard that turned out to be true?
What would be the next big medium of entertainment after video games?
What are your thoughts on a worldwide general strike of "essential" workers starting May 1st?
People who are going through a really rough time, how did you end up in this position?
What is your favorite band/artist that people don’t know about?
Paramedics of Reddit: for what stupid (and maybe unnecessary) things do people call the ambulance for?
Prostitutes, sex workers, escorts etc... How is work going with the current situation? [serious]
How old were you when you gave your first kiss?
Why is the life all about battle?
What's something your parents believe in that you hate?
Have you drank that Mexican beer with the unfortunate name lately? Why or why not?
What movie did you like when you were young but now you see it cringy or just horrible?
What is a good example of a liability waver our tenants must sign allowing them to work on fixing up our property past their move out date?
[Serious] “We live in a society”. What moments in life have made you think like this?
What business did you start in school that was a huge success?
What was your favourite first date?
What’s the biggest red flag at the beginning of a friendship/relationship?
Former classmates and friends of famous people before they were famous, what are your stories from your time knowing them?
What is something that is okay to do now but would have been frowned upon in the past?
What’s classy when you’re poor but trashy when you’re rich?
What are some educational YouTube channels you recommend for PreK or Kindergarten learning?
What is everywhere but rarely seen?
What thought were you thinking 15 seconds ago?
Has there ever been a time when you wondered why you never do a certain thing anymore and after you did the thing for the first time in months or years you thought,”oh yeah, that’s why”?
Managers of Reddit, what is the stupidest reason Karen asked for the Manager?
What wiping sock receptacle would have the least odour?
What would you say to a lost loved one given the chance?
People who have been pronounced dead and came back to life, what (if anything) did you see?
What is the hardest decision you had to make in your life?
What are some problems that are unique to Millennials?
(Board) Gamers of reddit, what are some underrated board games that are great for a family of four?
What made you smile recently?
“We live in a society”. What times in your life have you had this resonate with you?
How has having to stay home most of the day, affected your sleep?
Who decided that normally men need to have short hair and women, long ?
Reddit; what does it stand for?
Have you ever puked during sex, if so why?
Redditors who have survived a long fall, what was the thought process during the fall? How did you survive? [SERIOUS] [NSFW]
What is a quirky fact you know that most don’t?
What if USSR reunited ? What would happen ? Would you live in it ?
What are your thoughts on reliable internet services as a right?
What is a fun thing to do at home with the kids?
What would be your reaction when you die and it says « Game Over, You Survived 34 Rounds » ?
Which male actor has performed the best female role/character in a movie?
Introverts of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing public situation you've ever got yourself into?
Why is Martinez dumb?
What game would you recommend?
Cashiers of Reddit, what is the scariest thing someone has asked you?
What are unexpected troubles caused by this crisis?
When you first meet someone, what is a trait that makes you instantly want to be their friend?
What amazingly good thing would need to happen by the end of the year to make up for everything 2020 is putting us through?
What ending of a movie ruined the whole movie for you?
What is a truly victimless crime?
Stoners of Reddit. What was your worst encounter with the police?
Americans of reddit, What are some everyday things you've done in other countries that others considered "weird"?
People who work/worked at amusement parks, what was the worst thing you’ve seen there?
What's happy about the stay at home situation?
Who has become or been your favorite national news personality and why? Has it changed since the epidemic?
How many times have u ended an interview with "we'll call you" and how many of those times did they actually call you?
Reddit; what is it?
do you believe it would be safe if two different parties have both spent the last eight months in isolation for one of the parties to travel to the others location using their vehicle and why?
Reddit, what is it?
A tourist has one day to spend in a location of your choice, where are they going and what are they seeing?
Teenagers of Reddit, what makes you feel old?
Have you ever been to a Joe Exotic show?
When did you actually see Karma work its magic in real life?
What would happen if the USSR reunited ?
What’s your favorite conspiracy theory?
Redditors who have met a celebrity, how was that?
How would you describe colour to a blind person?
If lying online was considered illegal tomorrow. How would it change the internet?
Ex-robbers of reddit, what was your modus operandi? [NSFW]
(NSFW) Women, if it’s truly about the “motion of the ocean” and not the “size of the boat”, what makes a good/bad motion?
People who won the lottery, what were the best and worst things you did with your winnings?
What do you think will happen to all dogs if we all vanished?
Have you ever spoken up to someone who dir wrong? How was it?
What do you think is happening in countries that are not your own?
Why dogs don't have heels?
Reddit, without saying the name, what is the name of the city you live in?
What shows/movies are extremely overrated?
[Serious] How to tell what kind of dangerous wild life lives in a given area?
In the popular game of rock, paper, scissors.What three items could be replaced to create a new game ?
What is the most creative Rickroll you’ve ever witnessed?
What kind of bait and switch linking other than rickrolling exists?
People who made a subreddit that blew up what was the reaction?
What’s a free iPhone app that allows you to play music while recording a video?
If voodoo dolls were real, how would you use it to prank people?
Whats the first thing, that you will -do whenever when this is all over?
On an average day, how many pigeons do you think you could reasonably carry?
What have you been doing in order to make things feel right?
Redditors with toddlers, what’s the most recent ridiculous breakdown your kid(s) had?
How much sawdust can you put into a Rice Krispie Treat before people start to notice?
What's the best Halloween costume you've ever seen?
What if everyone/thing on earth, held their breath for exactly one minute, at the same time?
Animal crossing fans, who is your favorite villager and why?
Who has wrongfully gone down in history infamously and why?
Which musical artist, alive or dead, would you love to see play live?
Where the hell is Fauci?
What have you done that you wouldn't have otherwise while locked down?
What is the most disturbing thing that happened when you were home alone?
What if Valve and Bethesda switched e.g Valve was making Fallout and Bethesda making Half-Life?
Dear High Schoolers of Reddit, what are you missing about school? Do you even miss school at all?
Reddit: what is something simple we can all do to help the planet capitalise on the current situation?
What would you do with an 1 gigabyte USB stick?
How would it be if foods like steak or four course meals were sold the same way like drugs?
Food Service Workers of Reddit:: Powdered or Non-Powdered vinyl gloves for working? Why?
How good are bleep test's as a form of exercise?
What’s something that everyone does that you can’t imagine doing?
People of Reddit who are US citizens, what are your thoughts on tonight's briefing?
How do you keep a firm ethical foundation in a world that extends far beyond your scope and spins completely out of human control?
[serious] what’s the most severe case of self diagnosing you’ve seen?
How did 9/11 impact the Wizarding World of Harry Potter?
People with eating disorders, what you wish people without eating disorders could understand about you?
[Serious] what's the best free recording/ beat making software? Or can anyone please send bootleg copies?
What are some good mobile games to play while we are stuck inside?
Professional or competitive athletes of Reddit, what’s a huge misconception about what you compete in?
We know gas prices have plummeted. What is something you expect will have an increase in price due to today’s economy?
What’s the most disappointing dream you’ve had that you thought was real?
People who don’t unsubscribe/intentionally subscribe to marketing emails from stores...why?
Which subreddit would benefit the most by having their entire mod staff nuked and replaced with an entirely fresh batch?
FBI agents of reddit, what was the scariest case you had to investigate? [NSFW]
What’s a song that always makes you cry whenever you listen to it?
Does money buy happiness? Why or Why Not?
What are some good toilet paper recipes?
Whats your guys favorite video games to play at this time? And what console do you play on??
At what point do we stop saying things like "...back in 2015..." and start saying "...back in '15..."?
Who should they add to the list of essential workers?
What minor thing is illegal that shouldn’t be?
How does it feel being self isolated?
Do you watch pornography with people that remind you of your significant other or someone different? Why?
What is your dream car?
What are times in history when a major catastrophe was narrowly avoided?
How long before you move in with a partner and how long after that do you consider marriage?
What’s the best riddle you’ve heard?
Students, what is the best thing you have ever gotten away with at school and how did you manage to do it?
What are some new “family rules” being made now that everybody is home all the damn time?
Who was your celebrity crush growing up?
If you could be fluent in one language besides English what would it be?
When was a time you had to reassure someone you cared about that everything would be okay, even though you yourself weren't sure?
What local beer is everyone missing out on?
In Australia,the first panic buying product was toilet paper, what was it in your country ?
How many rolls of toilet paper do you have left?
Overly helpful redditors, how did you get over the reality that you couldn't help everyone? If it impacted your mental wellness, what did you do to recover from it?
What is a car you wish you could take out onto the Bonneville Salt Flats and take to it's top speed?
How do companies test a product for “good taste” for things like Gatorade Zero and other low carb or “diet” products and determine its “good?”
How are you coping?
What are essential purchases for first time homebuyers that they wouldn’t think to buy?
What is the most insane “helicopter parent” you have ever seen?
If you could take a piece of modern technology to someone in the past, who would you take it to and why?
People who have hallucinated before, what did you see?
Why are you drinking tap water?
What value do you seriously believe you have to offer from this moment forward consistently?
Therapists of Reddit: what’s the most terrifying things you’ve had said to you by a patient?
Night watch in an empty hotel all April, how can you take advantage of this unique opportunity and keep yourself busy?
Actors/Actresses of Reddit, what are some tips of getting into the Acting industry as a teenager?
Ex addicts of Reddit, how did you overcome your addiction? What or when was your turning point? [Serious]
Who is the most beautiful woman in the world ?
Given recent events, what do you think the year 2025 will be like?
Gamers of Reddit. What game got you into gaming?
Redditors, what is the best or funniest or downright bizarre thing you have overheard when a loud and crowded place has become suddenly quite and someone doesn’t notice and carries on talking?
Police officers of Reddit, if you were backed up into a corner by a battalion of toddlers all armed with knifes, under what circumstances would you be allowed to use your gun?
Depressed redditors, how are you doing?
you wake up and you see that your body is now the opposite gender, and half your current age, what is the first thing you do?
Reminiscing about partys of olde, going back in time what's the most fucked up thing you've seen at a party?
Ex addicts of Reddit, how did you overcome your addiction? What/When/Who was your turning point? [Serious]
What type of Doritos do you like more, Cool Ranch or Nacho Cheese?
Why are you an ‘essential employee’?
If your genitals could sing, what song would be their go-to at karaoke?
What can you say about your pets, but not about your mother?
Ex-Cons, what did you go to prison for and what's it really like?
What would you choose: Jack of all trades or Master of One, and why?
Have you ever got an answer from a celebrity in social medias? What was that about?
If life is a Texas Hold'em poker, what seven cards have life dealt you?
Kids of strict parents, what is some false info your parent gave you that you found out was false, later in life?
If you could live in a universe from any movie, anime, show, game, book, which would it be?
People who accidentally swallowed mouthwash, what happened?
What explains the correlation between America’s FIFA ranking and its ranking among civilized nations?
What’s a fried food that’s good cold ?
Soap opera watchers which soap opera do you watch or use to watch? what is your favorite story line?
What have you been doing to keep yourself entertained recently?
Ex addicts of Reddit, how did you overcome your addiction? [SERIOUS]
[Serious] Facebook users of Reddit who started over from scratch on FB, why did you do it and was it a good decision?
What is the most random and scariest thing you have witness? (Serious)
Redditors with children, when did you know ?
What are some online courses you guys would recommend?
What are some things you don't see in large cities anymore than you still do in smaller, more rural places?
What is something that you just don't give a F*** about?
How did all this get so bad? What can we do to help make things better?
What do you absolutely love about yourself?
Which tv show intro do you never skip?
Those that were planning on getting married recently, how have you adjusted your plans?
What are you planning to do while stuck at home on this Friday evening?
In what TV show is a guy being followed to a scrapyard and then sticks wire in his nose to look Like a homeless man?
What is the current situation with the Hong Kong protests?
People who've made controversial posts on Reddit, what was the fallout?
What's something that was *almost* lost to time?
What is the most misunderstood film of all time?
What was your dream job as a kid?
Former prisoners which kind of criminals had everyones respect in jail? [Serious]
What are your biggest fears in our near future when scientists, corporations and governments are near learning to hack the human brain?
Skeptical redditors, what was the one thing that made you question your beliefs?
What dream occurance has made you glad it wasn't real?
What is the oddest reason give to you while getting dumped?
Where did the rich redditor who has giving away free gold go?
Why in every love triangle movie/tv show one has to die so the main character doesn't have to choose?
How do people find The office funny?
What are some interesting hobbys you've discovered that no one else knows about?
what are some examples of the movie being better than the book?
What do you do when you can’t stand your family but you’re stuck with them anyway?
Those who have rejected a sibling or kid who is gay, why did you do it?
You are given one question to decide wether your opposite is a keeper. What's your question and why?
Couples who live together, was there anything about your relationship that changed when you moved in? [Serious]
You can buy a single item from a ghetto thrift shop, how do you cause the most damage?
People around the world, how are you doing?
Why did we start calling red haired people "gingers?"
Humans of Reddit, do you believe in karma, if so why?
WHAT “OLD PERSON” THINGS DO YOU DO?, If your old what “YOUNG STUFF” do you do ?
Law Enforcement of Reddit, what's your greatest "drunk person" story?
What video game/IRL games such as "blackjack or ETC" moments made you rage so hard that you hit or smash something and later realize the consequences to your actions ?
People of reddit, what is your experience with being in a interracial relationship? What did you have that you didn't when dating someone of your own race?
what do you wish you were doing right now instead of being stuck at home?
People of Reddit, what was the coolest place you have ever been to?
What is the most annoying ad/commercial you’ve ever seen?
Are men who can cook more attractive?
How would your life be different if you had never experienced pain?
What innocent comment from someone affected you far more than they intended?
Just cracked a happy hour cold one...what would you like to cheers to?
What's your favorite scene in the scary movie series?
What is a dream you had that you never told anyone before?
Dear Redditors, how are you today and why?
What's something you were widely encouraged to do, but regret doing?
Is there a link to the bathtub scene in Thirteen Reasons Why?
People of reddit what will you do if you woke up at 3am ?
Truckers of Reddit what's the most scariest or odd thing you've encountered while on the road?
What was the post that got you the most karma?
Why in every love triangle in movies/tv shows one has to die so the main character doesn't have to choose?
About how many days are you away from having someone new (including yourself) cut your hair?
LGBTQ+ People of reddit what is your story?
Those who have a sibling of the opposite sex, how does it feel like and how was your relationship growing up and now?
If you had infinite of anything and it can only be 3 things what would they be?
If there was a boxing tournament consisting of every world leader ever who would you pick to win it all? And why?
Cannabis users of reddit. When you make a turn while driving, is there a bunch of stuff that slides around in your car?
What show do you love that you would recommend to a friend constantly?
What is it that you are really want to say to someone's face but you just couldn't because of you are nice?
What will big time sports look like in 2021?
when instant Karma hit you back?
Young people of reddit - what 'old' movies and TV shows do you not understand the appeal of?
You are elected Leader of your country. What are the issues you plan on having your administration focus on?
Tattoo artists (or even barbers) of Reddit, what is the dumbest/weirdest thing that someone has asked you to do?
What story do you have that you wished you could bring up in an AskReddit question?
What are you doing right now to keep yourself entertained?
Is Reddit a social media? What defines a social media?
Indoor smoking used to be everywhere 50 years ago. What will be considered unthinkable 50 years from now?
When did you think “a person can’t be that stupid, or can they?” and then realised, ya they actually can?
Redditors, your goal is to be the first person to have your bank contact you about “unusual activity” in your account. Assuming you have the funds, what would be your purchase(s)?
What is worth dying for?
What was the last story that you tried to tell but didn't get to finish because you were talked over or interrupted?
Homeless redditors - how did you become homeless?
People who are on food stamps, what are your stories of being judged?
What’s your hottest take?
We can put a man on the moon but we can’t stop phones from falling into the cracks between the seats. What are some other 1st world problems we should’ve solved by now?
Cats or Dogs? Which is the superior pet?
what's your favorite non-biased, or neutral, news source?
What are your favorite names for off brand products, either funny or clever?
Canadians of Reddit.. what's up?
What are some examples of a CEO bring fired for nepotism?
What is the worst advice you have ever received?
Skeptics, what's the wildest conspiracy theory you think might be true?
What rickroll you will remember to the end od your life?
What are you having for dinner today and how is it made?
Do you allow people to bully you into conformity, or are you more stalwart in keeping your opinions honest and individual? Why?
What rickroll are the most proud of?
What songs do you know that sound better live/unplugged than the studio version?
How legal is to fire someone now?
What are some tips to help people not procrastinate?
Redditors, when have you had an epic case of instant karma?
Why are cockroaches always found dead upside down?
What is your best payback story?
Why aren’t foot operated door pulls a requirement for bathrooms? Shouldn’t this be a legal requirement now?
What’s the most embarrassed you’ve felt for someone else?
With everything going on, how are you doing?
What was the most awkward situation you encountered?
What are your funniest moments of your life?
Where has sexism affected you most?
People who never or almost never laugh what is life like for you?
What will be the new unwritten rules in a post-C19 world?
[Serious] People who are disgusted by porn. Please explain?
How long did it take your sweet wife, if you have/had one, to turn into a filthy, lying, cheating whore?
Extroverts of Reddit: How are you holding up?
What is something mean that your parent(s) said to you that affected you for a long time? (Serious)
Children whose mothers (or fathers) were sugar babies or mail order brides, what was growing up like? Are your parents still together?
People who leave the bathroom as a radiation area, why can’t you just use air freshener or something?
you wake up, and you're an inch taller, your body then continues to grow 1 inch per day, your body will keep growing until death, what do you do?
OGs of Reddit, which subreddit hasn’t aged well?
Doctors of reddit what is your view on N 95 masks and what do you think about the mask being effective?
What is the closest you ever been to death?
When is an appropriate time to say “I love you” for the first time?
You get the second super power you think of. What did you get?
Whats your opinion about online school?
Redditors who have experienced an earthquake first-hand, what was it like?
What’s your favorite board game and why?
If the "Northern Ireland conflict" is colloquially known as "The Troubles", what do you think the present emergency will be called?
Why dont drink companies have seals on the bottles to prevent people form spitting in them?
What is the latest dream you’ve had In the the last month that you can remember?
Reddit, has there ever been a time in your relationship/marriage where you almost split, but you were able to turn the course and came back stronger? And what was the solution?
Do you think the world would be better if everyone believed in god, or if nobody believed in god, which would be a better outcome?
What's an interesting story of yours that would fit perfectly on AskReddit if someone asked the right question?
What type of crime has the biggest effect on a community?
People who joined Reddit since a stay-at-home order began where you live: what brought you here?
[Serious] How do people with hemophobia respond to gory video games?
Redditors with overly strict parents; what’s the most defiant thing you’ve done but really isn’t a big deal?
Where do you think is god?
Which came first, the chickens egg or the eggs chicken?
What was “a good idea” you/someone had, that went really bad? What happened?
People who take of their jacket and drop it to a flooded sidewalk so your girlfriend/wife doesn't have to get her shoes dirty, is it worth it?
Imagine, you went to sleep and tomorrow you wake up with one superhero power? What would it be? Why?
People of reddit, what’s the worst thing you’ve found in your shoe as you were putting it on?
Who would you bring back to life and why?
What’s the best conversation starter?
Women of Reddit, what's something that girls do that even you as a girl don't understand?
What is indeed the funniest shit you’ve ever seen?
What is the best advice you can give to a teenager to make their teens 10 times better?
How come that some psychologists end up living alone with their dogs?
Which invention has the best story of how the creator came up with the idea?
What small city deserves their own sports team and why?
What flavor ice cream or popsicles do you want to see become popular?
What invention do you hope to see in your lifetime?
(WRONG ANSWERS ONLY)What is your favourite movie and what is it about?
What's the best thing about gaming?
What are you favorite SMALL YouTube channels?
People waiting for sex until marriage for non-religious reasons, what’s your reason?
In the U.S. when the taxpayers provide ventilators and necessary equipment to hospitals, will we be reimbursed, or are we subsidizing private hospital's wealth?
What is your favorite Pokémon and why?
What's your favorite book growing up?
What's something you wish you would have done younger (in highschool) regardless of the consequences?
What song makes you feel like the most badass person alive?
What is a gift one can purchase online for someone who likes History, Science and Old things?
for those that get to work from home, how much different is your workload? If this shutdown lasts say 3 more months, will you be able to sustain your position with its current, and possible decreasing workload?
Why are you so cute?
What is your least favorite food that is actually very healthy?
What is your personal view of porn/hentai? Do you think it is bad for you?
men, what song makes you want to engage in homo relations with another man?
What would happen if you sneezed with your eyes open?
Reddit, what drugs are you going to try now that you have been layed off?
Private school kids of Reddit, what was the most “rich kid” or “private school kid” thing you saw?
What actor/actress was the wrong choice for his/her role and why?
What's your least popular opinion?
What is something that everyone can relate to?
How not to force things? And make them more natural?
How is work going?
What’s the best piece of advice you have ever been given?
You are suddenly transported back in time to the 1950s, you had no opportunity to prepare and only have the clothing that you are wearing, no phone and no money, no wallet. How would you convince others that you are from the future and not just crazy?
Dog trainers of Reddit - how often do you think 'there's nothing wrong with this dog, however, the owner....'?
What music genre do you detest the most?
Why do restaurants charge for extras, but do not deduct for items not wanted?
Teachers of Reddit, when did the class clown go too far?
How different is your average day right now?
[Serious] What's your skin walker/wendigo story?
Private Jet Pilots, what's it like transporting the super wealthy? Any crazy stories?
Why do some people with depression report feeling physically cold/getting chills/etc.?
What're some of the stupidest arguments you've had with your partner?
If you choose two persons you respect the most (one dead and one is alive) who would it be?
Why are you always right?
It's the first part of the month, what are you going to get shopping ?
What true story is more interesting than the movie/tv show/documentary that was made about it?
What’s the one thing you never learnt how to do?
What are your favourite fun or wholesome facts?
What is a song you love from a genre you hate?
For which tickets to a show/festival or game have you waited a very long time in line? And were you successful?
How much money would you contribute to a gofundme to fear Obama's honest opinion on Trump?
What are you going get or already gotten shopping ?
If your life was a Truman Show-style TV programme, which events would people have put bets on?
What story are you taking to your grave? [Serious]
The $1,200’s to each American from the government is actually a loan, or a tax return advancement to be paid back in 2021. How does everyone feel about this?
What was your best moment of the day?
You will be in a “Odd Man Out” Jubilee video. What will be the title of the video and how will you find the fake?
Could water/water vapor char wood if it was hot enough, why?
What period of time screwed up the future of the world?
Which video game that is 5+ years old do you keep going back to?
Do any other girls of reddit have the issue where they can’t prop their phone up using their boobs?
What’s your favorite cuisine and what cuisines have you never tried before that you wish you could?
If Pope Francis dies, cardinals will not be able to go to Rome for the conclave. How would you elect the new Pope?
[Serious] Women of reddit, are you often reduced to being a sex object? What do you actively do to change that way of beeing seen?
What random fact did surprise you to be true?
Who would you most like to see Duke it out on a new series of "Celebrity death match"?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what do your managers do that annoy you or piss you off?
What shows have the starkest contrast between the show itself and the opening?
New parents, what do you hope the world to be like when your child is your age?
When do you think that we will reach the point in the movie where someone asks, because of bad choices, “Has no one ever seen a horror movie, before?”
Landlords of Reddit, what are the biggest misconceptions you see here on this site about landlords?
What would you define as confidence? How do you categorise people as confident?
People who work with dead bodies, what was the most traumatizing thing you've ever seen or experienced?
How should you apply for the Paycheck Protection Program if you own multiple businesses? One application for all businesses or multiple applications?
What’s the most amount of work/assignments you’ve done at the last minute or in a crunch period?
The Redditor who replies to your comment is God. Ask them anything. ?
you wake up, and you're an inch shorter, your body then continues to shrink 1 inch per day, until you get to 1 inch tall, what do you do before and after you reach that point?
Why does everything look greener in the rain?
What is the worst compliment to give a baby?
Females, gay men and straight men who occasionally enjoy sucking dick, what do you hate or love about it?
What is the worst game you REALLY wanted to like?
What's your cheesiest cheese pun/joke?
Adults of Reddit, when you were growing up and you got asked what you wanted to be when you grew up what did you answer with? Why did you want that job?
When did you know it was time to leave your job and how did you go about leaving?
Bullies who reached out to their victims to apologise, what made you decide to do so?
Parents of Reddit, how has your everyday vocabulary changed since having kids?
Those who have donated large sums to twitch streamers, why and how do you feel about it now?
What's the most racist thing you ever heard anybody say?
How do you define the word "anime"? What criteria does something need to fill be to an "anime"?
If the world was ending in 5 minutes time, what would you do in its final 5 minutes of existence?
What could be a good reason for joining late in an online class?
What’s an amazing scene from a otherwise bad movie?
What wierd thing someone has told you, that you still found cute/heart-warming?
Is there a subreddit where people make jokes about their own mental illness and their experience?
What's the most durable game controller of all time?
Why is the UN flag missing at the USA press conferences?
During this crazy time, How is everyone feeling? How is everyone holding up?
What is the best “The Simpsons” quote in your opinion?
What is a very underrated movie everyone should watch?
If you could create 1 rule that all internet users must follow what would it be?
You have to name your kid after your username. How fucked up is their life?
Whats your dream job and do you have it right now or are you trying to get it?
Gachatubers of reddit,what's the most cringiest creation of your's?
Who was the nicest classmate you ever had?
In your opinion, is “hell” a cuss word ex: (what the hell)?
What fictional place do you wish was real?
What's make a man alpha in life besides height?
What is something that's expensive but definitely worth the money?
People who have saved a life or who had their life saved: What’s your story?
What are some life hacks you use to save money?
What companies are really rising to the occasion right now and what companies are showing very poor ethics?
Without saying the title, what your favorite comedy film?
If you could be 1 kitchen appliance in your house for 24 hours which would it be? And why?
People who have saved a life or who had their life saved: what’s your story?
People of Reddit, what’s the best way to hide a body without leaving traces of DNA and blood?
Why do many women pull pieces of bagels/doughnuts etc off with their hands before eating it, despite males almost always just going in for the bite?
Across all cultures, times, religions, and nations ... what is the best book that we, as a species, have written?
Do you often get people making snide remarks/unkind comments/comments that make no sense/racial slurs on social media whenever you post online?
What is the most efficient way to learn a new language?
Married people of Reddit, how do you keep your relationship healthy and your sex lives spicy?
What would be the best English speaking places to persue a career in games development?
What were you supposed to be doing this weekend and what shenanigans are you up to instead?
To people who have gotten death threats–in person, in the mail, or something else–how did you react and what did they say?
What are things you wish you knew when you first moved out?
Married people of Reddit, how do you keep your relationship healthy and your sex live spicy?
You are forced to name your child after your reddit username, how fucked is their life?
People with glasses, how do you see in your dreams?
Redditors who thought they had a “type” but ended up with someone completely different, what’s your story?
You have one day to prepare a USB for you to take with you 10 years back in time. You’ll have to convince people that you are from the future, what is on the USB and how do you do it?
What's your biggest dream?
Scientists of reddit, why have you secretly been looking forward to a situation like we have in the world right now and what data are you collecting / planning to collect?
What does “ /s ” mean to you?
What is the best way to spend the government stimulus check to help people in need?
What took you so long to finally accept and why?
If you watch and like Futurama, what is your favourite Episode?
What should you do once, but can never tell anyone about it?
January 2025, the inauguration of US President Amy Schumer. What events led to this?
What if human beings did not orgasm from sex and it was an act performed purely to sustain our species. Would the world be a better place?
What will happen when Trump is no longer in office?
If you were a dictator what would you do?
Baseball fans of Reddit what is your favorite MLB team and once the season starts how do you think your team they will do?
To those that work at a Ralph’s grocery store, do the carts and baskets inside the stores actually get sanitized? An employee told us they get washed down every 30min. What exactly is the protocol for that?
Auto mechanics of Reddit. What is the worst experience you have had with a customer/there car?
Ex-homeless Redditors, how did you get off the street and escaped homelessness? What is your story?
Setting aside distribution, how difficult is it for a company to stop making one thing (cars or tshirts)and start producing another thing (ventilators or masks) in short order?
What is something you use to help you stay motivated?
Can you only really want what you don’t have enough?
What is the most useless thing you learn in highschool?
What is a question you can ask a loved one (spouse, parent, child, etc.) to test whether or not they truly know you? [serious]
[serious] - What is your opinion about 1984?
Why do girls love appointments so much?
What was the best/funniest/weirdest thing you have ever scored in a thrift shop?
What annoying projects/activities have your neighbors decided to start while sheltering in place?
(wrong answers only) What/Who is the saviour for the worlds current situation?
As humans we always want what we don’t have. How do you deal with it?
When were you in the best shape of your life?
What do you know that could ruin someone’s life if it got out?
What singer would you compare yourself to?
What is the best sub reddit for get help to find an online store that sells products to specific country?
What couples have you seen that have totally opposite professions?
What's a food everyone likes?
What do you get a 38 year old male for his birthday?
Why is or why isn't it weird to eat vegan mayonnaise by the spoonful?
How do you get nudes from a girl on Tinder?
What’s something you regret doing?
To those who reload their gun after shooting one bullet in a video game, why?
How do you find what your passion is?
What is the dumbest thing you have done while drunk?
What's a problem you think society blames on teens even though it isn't necessarily their fault? And who do you think is actually to blame?
What’s your go-to song to get you through the tough times?
What was something ridiculous you believed as a child?
What would you like to happen now that we know that over $60,000,000 of the stimulus funds may be handed to the Mormon Church?
What are the funniest experiences you’ve had while high?
Those that have lost their business/job recently, how are you dealing with what's happened?
(Wrong Answers Only) How do you get a girlfriend?
How would your lifestyle and wardrobe change if you were the opposite gender?
What's your favorite meme song?
What are some killer responses to “don’t talk back to me” or “learn your place”?
What makes your kids happy as fuck?
Why does no one listen to classical music anymore?
How to not be the 'Best Friend'?
What forgotten song from a movie or tv show still gets you jamming today?
If you could take the main character from two movies, and swap them around, what two movies would you swap the main characters around from?
What would your last meal before your execution be?
What were the most influential words in history?
What is the dumbest Minecraft advice you have gotten?
What is the song with a videoclip which ends in a human sausage maker?
What is the most stupid thing you did as a kid?
Dear Reddit; How are you keeping the negativity from the news and media out of the domicile?
What can people do to make themselves more happy? [serious]
How can one not gag on food they think is gross?
What is something that has an important purpose but is never used properly?
Doctors of Reddit; What if Animals could talk, Which Animal would be the rudest and why?
What are some things you wish you knew before graduating (anything)?
What songs are a complete rip-off of other songs?
People who have saved a life or who have had their life saved, what’s your story?
What is something you’ve longed for haven’t achieved yet?
If you could go back in time to any point in which you lied and tell the truth instead, what point would you go back to?
What has always seemed weird to you, but normal to others?
A glitch in subspace causes 2 of your favorite, yet very different subreddits to merge. What awesome hybrid or abomination is born from this?
What’s your happy ending story?
What is the smartest thing/desicion you have ever done on your life?
Why did you lie about that?
Where do you apply Vaseline on or in?
What are interesting habits you have?
What is your comfort food?
For Those of You Who Have Advanced Through High School With Good Grades: What Motivated You to Do Good?
Where can one find a place to meet people of their own kind?Are there any sites which is famous for this kind of platform?
What would be the most useless super power you can think of?
Why do parents call to repeat Fox News talking points? What do they hope to accomplish?
What unique but realistic creation should someone make in Minecraft?
People who have saved a life or who’s life was saved: what’s your story?
When you die there is a New Game+ option. You forget everything you have ever learned after you build your new character. How do you personally build your next character?
What are the best music licensing companies/libraries to submit your music to?
When we are born do we start living or dying?
What are some expressions in non-English languages that don’t make sense when translated into English?
What are some alternative subreddits for big subreddits that couldn’t do its job?
What's the last thing you googled?
Is House of Cards worth starting given Kevin Spacey's departure from the show?
Gamers of Reddit, what game had a lot of hype but was actually disappointing?
Why the sudden popularity in fake freckles?
What was a moment where someone tried to correct you on something they clearly knew nothing about?
What’s the most satisfying payback a bully or toxic peer has suffered?
What is your personal hell?
What’s a conspiracy theory that you’re embarrassed to admit you believe in?
With a $1million budget what would you take back to medieval Europe to acquire the most amount of power?
What are the biggest misconceptions the rest of the world has about your country?
What is the go to Comfort Food Meal your family wants the most when the stress is on ?
What is your favorite kind of bread?
What song would you choose for a trailer of a movie about your life?
What is a question you can ask a loved one (spouse, parent, child, etc.) to test whether or not they truly know you?
What is a scenario you constantly create for yourself that you know is never going to happen?
Girls of Reddit: If you like porn, what kind do you like and why?
You get $1,000,000 but you are cursed so that if you ever go 8 hours without cumming, you instantly die. Would you do it? Why?
Why can't you go a day without the internet ?
[Serious] People who have had or have depression, what did your friends and family say/did to make you feel better?
What superpower that nobody has ever had would you want if you could choose?
What is the best printer for home use?
How often can you tell someone is stoned when you are working?
Former/Current escorts of reddit, do or did you want to be an escort and if not why did you do it?
What is your most thought provoking question?
What is your PS4 discount code?
How is everyone stopping people from cheating in an online pub quiz?
What is the most cringe worthy thing you ever saw go down but didn’t have the heart stop it because you wanted to see the outcome?
Real talk - ladies, what household item are you gunna use to replace your eyelash extensions until the studios open back up again?
What games are you good at playing and what games do you wish you were better at?
How crazy is your imagination?
What is your most favourite Jackass stunt?
How many of you have already gotten tired of masturbation while being stuck at home?
Students of Reddit, what is the hardest part about online school?
(To soldiers/former soldiers) What's it like firing at a Mounted MG? Does your body vibrate?
If you could live as anyone else for a day who would it be and why?
Is toilet paper scented where you’re from? Got a pack from Mexico (weird times) that smells like flowers. Is this a thing?
What child of a deceased celebrity filled their shoes quite well? [Serious]
Which questions would help you realize whether someone is autistic or not?
January 2021, the inauguration of US President Bill Gates. What events led to this?
How long till extroverts and social butterflies start going nuts and chopping up their family?
homeless redditors who are sleeping in their own cars, have you considered going to another state where housing is easily affordable to you and find jobs there?
What point in time would you go back to and why?
[Serious] First responders of Reddit, have you ever gotten a call to your address, or an address of someone you know? What happened?
What is your opinion about preppers?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what’s an American phrase that confuses you?
What are some good tips for writing characters?
[Serious] What to do with your partner at home if you can't leave the home?
What is the worst experience you ever had with a teacher?
What is a fictional story you find relatable?
Why are we better off without internet ?
People who said there’s no way you’d ever get pickpocketed and then got pickpocketed, what’s your story?
What are some resources that will take tests for you when paid?
Who’s your most and least favourite Animal Crossing villager?
What TV series is your guilty pleasure?
What US territory should become the 51st state?
People who get really angry playing video games, why?
What's harder than it looks?
What do you miss the most from early 2000s?
What was the worst DIY project you ever did? How did it go horribly wrong?
what essential oil is best for when you never made it as a wise man, couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing?
Whats one show/movie you'll never forget and why?
You were selected for the first mission to the mars but you haven‘t checked your spam filter to notice the confirmation until one week before launch. What do you do the last days?
What do you think of your dancing skills?
What are some good songs that someone can turn all the way up and sing their lungs out?
What pizza joint do you guys like? (Dominos, Pizza Hut, etc)?
If you could go back and change one thing you regret, what would it be?
What is Cineplex's "Home Premiere" and why is it more expensive than a regular movie ticket?
Why isnt george bush out doing ex president stuff, we never see anything about him?
What is the single BEST song ever?
People who have saved a life or who’s life was saved, what’s your story?
People from the western hemisphere. Why do you say uni and not college?
What is the best example you've seen of someone using something for something other than it was intended for?
Who's your favorite video game character?
Hey Twins of Reddit, how are you exactly the same or total opposite of your twin?
What food do you like that has the strangest combination of ingredients?
[NSFW] Men of Reddit, What's the worst thing a lady did when she came for sleepover?
What was your favorite toy growing up?
How do you know if your coworkers are jelous of you?
What is a food grosses you out, personally?
If an object had fingers, how many would it have?
If you are ordering food in North America, what is an appropriate tip percentage during these extraordinary times?
What useful should people do when they are bored at home?
People who drive into parking lots to slowly drive around, stop a couple times, then immediately leave, what are you doing?
Have u ever been lied to at an interview? How?
Let’s settle this what is the better console, xbox or PS4?
[SERIOUS] What positive things have come out from the current global event?
Your penis is your healthbar, any pain makes it shrink and the only way to heal yourself is to commit a felony. What do you do?
People of reddit who have briefly died and come back to life, what was it like?(Serious)
Cats and dogs of reddit, why do you love your human so much ?
What's your goto activity to do in front of people to make it look like you've got your shit together?
Where is the safest place in the world today?
How do you define democracy and how democratic is your country (from a scale of 0 to 10)?
What's some stereotypes of some subreddits?
What are some red flags when you think you might soon be losing it at home at why?
What’s your country/state’s “famous dish” that most people don’t actually eat?
What is are the things/concepts/ideas you see the most, but never see anyone talk about ( Can include places and events and such )?
How do some of you come up with an answer for any situation that has been put up as a question? How come you have such incredible memory?
What do you wish you were doing this weekend?
People that do not engage is casual sex, when is the last time someone has wanted to sleep with you and do you secretly believe yourself to be superior to those that do? Why or why not?
How do you distract yourself during hard times?
How do you stop telemarketing phone calls related to car warranties?
All nations split the cost for a neutral land mass where no laws or governance applies, you're on your own. They let each adult decide whether they want to go or not, but once you go, you cannot regain citizenship. Would you go?
What is your most recent "Why me?" moment?
People who died, how are you feeling?
Non-metal fans of Reddit, what do you hear when you listen to metal?
People who stayed in a psychic ward,what’s it like ? (Serious)
What countries have the worst relationship today?
People who are dating or have dated their all time crush, is she/he what you expected? why or why not?
Who do you think would be in a 2020 “we are the world“ charity song?
What kinds of dreams have you been having lately?
What is something or a story you always wanted to tell but never got a chance to?
Teachers of Reddit, what are your stories of students that were really smart, but were also extremely disruptive at the same time?
What is the "poorest" thing you remember doing?
What are some of most weird food combinations that you can't get your head around?
Depressed people, What activities do you enjoy doing to get away from negativity?
Apart from money, what's a gift anyone would appreciate and find useful?
What reason might somebody have to murder you?
What’s your favorite part of being a male/female?
What smell associates and reminds you of something good?
Whatever happened to the old 2000's styled internet?
Teachers of Reddit, What is the most "interesting" accession of online classes so far?
What's your opinion on news media?
What's a nice idea for a video game that you always had but never had the chance to create?
Why can't you finish a yoga video on YouTube ?
What's the worst thing you can say in 2020?
Retail workers of Reddit, What are your rude customer stories, And customers what are your rude staff stories?
People who have been or are in a gang, why did you join?
What subreddit's are just better versions of more popular subreddits? What are the defining differences?
If life came with an instruction manual, what would some of the chapters be called?
Sorry for being nosy but, what problem are you currently grappling with?
What movies/shows have you found yourself recommending the most to people and why?
What is something you wish was still as cheap and affordable as it was in the 90s?
Do you guys like Jimmy johns or subway more? Why?
you gain the ability to swap bodies with any living thing if you make contact with them for 10 seconds, what is the fastest/easiest way to take over the world?
Non Americans of Reddit, What is a part of culture in your country that we Americans would find weird?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What's something or some fact you don't want to know but accidentally read or heard it?
What are the best video games to play inside?
Dear custom officers of reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've seen people try smuggling/taking with them across the border?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
What is the best type of oreo?
If you could travel in time, but you can only do one thing. What is the first thing you would do?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
What TV series do you love that everyone else thinks sucks?
Why do you like your hobby?
Redittors, in what way can you completely and utterly kill and remove all emotions forever, never to exist again, without losing mind or intelligence?
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
What crucial movie scene did you miss because you left to go to the bathroom?
Despite the situation we are all in right now, what is the funniest thing you've seen all day or these past few days?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
Teachers of reddit, what class/period makes you annoyed to this day?
What are some funny topics to give a presentation to your friends about?
What is one secret that you will never tell another living soul?
Adults of reddit, since you’re older and no one asks you this anymore, what's your favorite color?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
what book would you go into and why?
What is something you buy that you consider essential that other people do not?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
If you were to change the course of a movie, or change the ending completely, which one would you choose? And what would you change?
What small/stupid question would you like answered, but isn't worthy of its own thread?
What "fun fact" instantly ruins a conversation?
former and current homeless people of reddit, what is some advice for someone who might be homeless soon?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money and what makes them better than the rest?
What random skill has your job made you incredibly good at?
Men of Reddit, who else suffers from puffy nips and how do you get rid of those unsightly pecs on tight fitting T-shirts?
Shoes or barefoot, and why?
What are some insightful epiphanies you’ve had while stoned??
What’s the funniest actual name you’ve heard of someone having?
What is the dumbest question you have ever heard from a child?
What YouTube channel is great to binge while at home?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
Partners of people who talk in their sleep, what was the strangest/funniest thing your SO has said while in dreamland?
What was your best cards against humanity moment?
[SERIOUS] Why did people vote for Trump (asking as a Democrat that's genuinely curious)?
Fellow Redditors, what is the best thing that has happened to you on here?
What did you shame eat the last of in your house?
ayo whats the best place to find porn games?
What are some of your opinions with animal crossing new horizons?
It's all by design, shortages of medical equipment and meetings with our adversaries. How do you productively take out those responsible without going rogue?
What are you watching and what are you drinking?
Do you like ASMR? Why or why not?
Muslims of the united states please share how you feel currently regarding the current state of other countries and how that has impact of your life here?
Are sexy girls better than cute ones? If yes why?
What music artist do lots of people like but you don’t?
What is dying like?
How do you feel about white people who have dreadlocks?
What's something you would have never guessed would still be around in the year 2020?
you are a psychic, make yourself invisible, teleport, read people's thoughts and return everything to its state one day ago, the most beautiful girl in the world likes you, you read her thoughts and that's why you know it (she doesn't know about your powers) but you want a quiet life,what do you do?
If you got to choose how you die, how would you die?
What interaction did you have with a stranger that made you cry in a good way?
What is the best single game/match/fight/etc you've ever seen in your favorite sport?
[SERIOUS] What's the libertarian response to current events? What are your thoughts and idea on how different the reaction would be under a more libertarian society?
What’s the bird that comes to mind when you read “bird”?
People who don't want to sound like hipsters, what did you like before it was popular?
For people who work or have worked at a gas station... how often do people actually win big money on the scratch offs?
What is your motivation to reply to any post here?
Who are some ACTUAL famous/infamous people that don’t get enough attention?
What are some impossible odds that have happened to you?
Ex-homeless redditors, what was the nicest thing someone did for you while you were homeless?
What update will make the situation worse?
Hosts of reddit what is the worst experience you've had in the 30 seconds walking to the table?
How did you practise improving your confidence?
People with roommates or with communal living arrangements, hows it going?
What is the best way to destroy the human race while keeping earth and all the other species alive?
(Serious) Redditors who have dropped out of college/uni, why?
If you were hired to make a fake news story what would be a good headline?
If you were able to choose a book that you could memorize perfectly without effort what would it be?
To those who moved to California to persue thier career, was it worth it?
What would happen if music disappeared?
What is the weirdest method you’ve used to last longer in bed?
What is the first NEW activity y’all look forward to trying?
What new skill do want to learn while you’re stuck at home?
What will you miss the most when all this is over?
Who was the most underrated tv/movie character?
For the people working in fields that are unrelated to their degrees, what is your degree and what field did you end up in?
Non-Americans what are some stereotypes of Americans?
What’s on your “do not watch” list?
Those of us working from home: As we are all meetinf and wring remotely, what's the most incompetent, or just plain stupid, thing you have seen or heard from someone in a much higher pay bracket than you?
YouTubers of Reddit, how did you increase popularity for your channel?
If you could teleport between two places only, what would those places be?
What are some quick ways to build an Instagram following as a brand new account?
What to expect with trumps reelection ?
People that had a heartbreaking breakup, how did you get over it?
Where can one get a free apk for Minecraft?
What are your opinions about your SO wearing makeup?
Who would let use your toothbrush/ share a toothbrush with?
Dear redditors,what are your 3 wishes for genie ?
How do you help someone who may be thinking about ending their lives?
What's harder, peeing with a boner or giving birth and why?
What do you think, is greatly underrated?
How can a question ever reach hot?
What is a family tradition you have?
What’s the best question you’ve asked on this sub that didn’t blow up?
how is the toilet paper supply in your area?
What northern Americans think about mid and southern people (republican, pro gun, anti gay and racism things)?
Guys who wish they were a girl why?
How does vitamin D help lung function?
What are some other simple insults like simpleton?
Redditors staying at home, what are you binge-watching right now?
People posting about doing the right thing by staying home, but then hours later post pictures of you outside in groups of people, what Olympic gold medal-level mental gymnastics are you using to not see that you are the problem?
Men of Reddit, how would you actually respond to a girl referring to you as Daddy in a sexual way?
Tattooed people of Reddit, What was the most painful spot of your body you got tattooed and what did you get?
Those of you who truely don't care what others think of you at all. How?
Pizza boys of reddit, whats something interesting that happened during your delivery?
What is the age limit of having a girlfriend?
If you can be any leader who ruled at any point, who would you be ?
What has gotten worse in American/European society over the last 100 years? 200 years?
How was your day?
Who are you worried about right now during the current crisis?
What is something you thought was fake but then were shocked to realize was actually true?
Given the butterfly effect , who or what’s to blame for your problems ?
What are the best slapstick scenes you know of?
Truck drivers of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you’ve ever seen on a haul?
Where did your username come from?
What is the best insult ever?
What’s the worst fail you’ve ever witnessed someone do?
Why does Mike Pence look like he is actually dying inside at the choice he made to be VP to Trump during these updates?
What version of a movie apocalypse/zombie takeover would you want to live through?
How does the president of the United States still believe something is a hoax, are presidents limited to the information they can obtain?
In the history books about 2020, what will be the bolded definitions kids have to memorize?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without sleeping?
What is it like to have a girlfriend?
What are some funny bootlegs you have found?
what's something you do that other people can't just pick up from the internet?
Evildoer's of Reddit. What kind of good deed would you need to do, to restore your chances of getting into the hypothetical 'good place?'
What are your top favourite songs/tracks?
What can you say to your boss as well as during sex?
[Serious] Emergency Responders of Reddit, what is the most disturbing call you’ve ever had to respond to?
What makes you tick?
Which Reddit post/comment actually changed your life?
Reddit what does your " Male/Female seeking friend for end of the earth" personal ad read?
What was the most shocking thing that happened in your area?
What’s the funniest joke you know or have heard by heart?
(WRONG ANSWERS ONLY) What does lmao mean?
What do you think is the best way to avoid a toxic friend?
What is the best meme of the 2010s, in your opinion?
What are some great prank videos that aren’t actually staged?
What's your favourite fictional creature?
(Serious) People without any friends or family, how do you cope?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever heard from news?
What are some good ww2 pick up lines?
How old were you when you felt like you reached your mental/physical peak?
What Broadway musicals would you like to see (done right) on the silver screen?
What's a subreddit you wish existed?
What is a highly underrated meme?
Peed in the bed. How do you get rid of the smell?
How do you feel about subscription models?
People who download porn, why?
What's the craziest challenge you want to see a YouTuber do?
What will the education of young people be like after this scenario? Will children grow up with a "dark" perspective on the world?
To the people who lost their virginity under 17 (Average age), why did it happen and how did it go?
Now that we're all bored, what's on your DVR that normally wouldn't be?
If you could turn into any animal you want, what animal would you turn into and why?
What are the toxic traits you/someone you know have?
What was that one game that you and your friends would always play when you were a kid ?
What's stressing you out right now, that you just need to get off your chest?
What are subs similar to AskReddit and ShowerThought where you could express freely your thoughts and opinions of topics?
Which bit of spoilers made you MORE interested in finishing the series, book or game?
Minimalists of reddit, what are some life hacks you use to save money?
Army people of reddit, what is the most shocking/traumatic thing that happened to you while serving?
What is the most damage you could cause with £100?
What things that were barely trending were all of sudden dying because of the epidemic?
Ok ladies, what is something that men do in a relationship or just in general that they think is attractive but definitely isn’t?
What animal would be your favorite pet if it were legal to own?
How do you know if your coworkers are jelous of you?
Farmers of Reddit, it's known that the majority of seeds are bought from Bayer-Monsanto (known for its production of horrible chemicals, predatory business practices, and being generally evil). How do you go about dealing with this? Are there better, less "evil" seed companies that you've found?
Redditors who weren't raised Christian, did you watch Veggie Tales as a kid?
Why people want to be a hero all the time?
How is your pet doing today?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents and why?
People of reddit, what was the most interesting thing you've found/seen while exploring?
What's your average day outfit like?
What is the greatest movie of all time?
What movie would be better if it was remade to be an Aninated one?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
What MTV show did you love when you were young?
To the hong kong protesters, how are you doing?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what is the most surprising/appalling thing you’ve learned about the USA and/or its citizens (experience or statistic)?
What is the most valuable or important object that has ever been destroyed by a dog or cat?
What was the most preventable calamity in history?
What jobs do you think will be destroyed because of this situation?
Where would billion kilos of potatoes go, since no one is buying chips anymore?
What's the weirdest dream you have ever had?
What’s one thing that everyone can do to make the world a better place ?
What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?
What’s the perfect first date?
What is a mystery you have solved?
If you were an RPG NPC what mundane fetch quest would you assign the player and what would the reward be?
What was the best deleted scene you have seen for a movie or TV show?
Why is reddit better than other social medias?
Is it crazy to assume that humans 6,000 years from now will master backwards time travel and build the pyramids? Why or why not?
What theme music from a movie would make the best national anthem?
If Santa Claus was real, how significant could his contributions of medical supplies be?
If you had the ability to go back to the scene of a crime and know whodunnit what case would you choose ?
Anyone who isn't a dad, what dad characteristics do you have?
Have any Redditors experienced (or know anybody who has) a traumatic brain injury/illness that lowered their cognitive ability? What is it like? Can you remember your life before the injury?
What is something you should not admit to on a first date?
Who started all this, China, USA, Italy, Aliens, and why?
Sports Fans of Reddit- What is the emotional moment that you have experienced in the history of the sport ?
What is your job and how have you been affected in your job by the current situation?
What’s the best investment you’ve made in your life, financial or otherwise?
What is one piece of advice you'd give to someone new to Reddit?
What was the most interesting conversation you had on Reddit about ?
What Anime World Whoud You Live In (given the chance)?
Redditors, Are you a scroller or swiper? How do you use the reddit, scroll or swipe?
What is a good thing about you and makes you different from others?
burglars of Reddit how is life now that everyone is at home?
Americans of reddit, why don’t you wear masks?
What movie/storyline have you come up with but just won’t write?
People who live on the second floor, why are you always pacing?
Fellow weebs and thinkers of Reddit; If vampires love blood, the smell of it l, the taste of it, then what do you think happens when they stumble upon a woman on her period??
If you could get 1free kill who would you kill?
If an entity is transparent, and therefore cannot interact with material matter, how would you effectively communicate with it?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What is/was a side of you, you are/were embarrassed to show your SO?
A murderer got his way into your house, and hes searching for you. You can only defend with items in your room, what do you have and what strategy do you use?
What movie can you watch over and over and never get bored with?
Russians on Reddit: how do you feel about Russia’s Soviet past?
Adults of Reddit, what happened with your college relationship?
Reality tv gauges the shots it chooses based on a scale of least to most interesting, with most being chosen. What would the highlight reel of your last few months look like?
What’s your name? Who’s your daddy? Is he rich like meeee?
Fellow redditors who live alone, which inanimate objects have you begun personifying and forming parasocial relationships with?
Why are Americans such picky eaters?
What funny moments have you had at online school?
Shaquille O’Neal, You will never see this I’m sure but when you were on the T.V show Good Burger, when you tried a good burger 🍔 was it actually good?
Outkast just came out with a new album and you get to name it. What do you name it?
What is the best pun you have come across?
What preconceptions do people usually have about you?
How will 2020 end?
Travelers of Reddit : What is the craziest thing you've seen while travelling abroad?
What is something great going on in your life?
What disaster do you think will happen next month?
People whose businesses are getting slammed with work right now, are you exhausted or relieved? Why?
You haven't showered in 3 whole days. Why?
Do people not feel when their ass crack is out? Or do they just not care?
Why are dogs so terrified of thunder, but cats aren’t?
Is it possible to filter out ALL anime related content when browsing popular?
People who aren’t allergic to peanuts and peanut butter, how would you describe the taste to us people that are allergic?
What movie/tv show would you like to see a 15 rated version of (personally Avatar: The Last Airbender)?
If every prison cell in the world unlocked and freed all prisoners, what do you think countries would do?
What are some of the most interesting sub reddits you would recommend?
What other "no one could have seen this coming" events should people be aware of?
What is the thing that you most regret doing/not doing in your life?
What’s the worst thing your school did?
What’s the best April fools prank you’ve ever done?
Who was the most well respected politician that everyone could agree on?
How to show a Facebook user Reddit? Not sure where to start, Any ideas?
Redditors, did you actually become what you wanted to be when you grew up? If so, is it what you expected? If not, do you like what you do now?
people who pregnant a girl at a young age, how did they deal with the situation?
Can doctors and nurses tell when a patient is attracted to them?
Redditors who have lost their significant others (widowed, divorced, seperated etc.) do you still keep to your side of the bed? If so, why?
Those who feel okay right now, how?
What's the largest plot of land someone can buy in the world for around $65,765?
What’s a quick and efficient way to learn a new language?
Doctors/Nurses who have examined men in their private areas, have you ever had someone unintentionally get aroused? If he starts apologizing/being bashful, how do you handle the awkwardness he feels?
Criminals of reddit, what did you do and why did you do it?
What are the odds trump cancels the elections with martial law “for our own health”?
If you could marry whoever you wanted and age doesn’t matter, who would it be?
Anyone who has witnessed an exorcism, what was it like?
Which sport could still have events going on?
What's You're Favourite Anime?
If you had to have sexual relations with an animal, which would it be?
What cool things have you seen companies do to help the public pass the time at home the last few weeks?
Rich people of Reddit, what's the story behind your climb up the economic ladder?
What is the Korean and International age to start high school in South Korea?
Trying to avoid the grocery store. What can you make with ground beef and limited ingredients? Ideas?
You have an enormous outdoor speaker system and an Asteroid is going to hit and destroy Earth, what song do you play at full blast as we prepare for impact?
What has the internet changed in everyday life?
What is something that needs to be said?
What movie plot hole bothers you the most?
Americans of Reddit, could you explain to us European redditors: what is Kool-Aid and what does it taste like?
How early is too early to start drinking?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
What’s a song that everybody knows that was was written by a group/artist that doesn’t get the recognition?
Men/ Women interested in women, what type of videos would make you subscribe to an 0nlyfans page?
What have you finally tried for the first time since all the epidemic stuff started and why?
How to be more confident?
Xbox users of reddit, Xbox one 1st edition has a loud disc drive, what causes this?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
If you had to join any anime world what would it be and why?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve seen a meth or crack head do ?
What do people call the tall black tower that shows them total at the end of their transaction that goes with the card reader terminal?
What was your "I am an idiot" moment?
Programmers of reddit, how does your job / hobby impact in your real life?
[serious] What was your true life horror story?
People who were already isolated in their lives, does it feel any different now?
Redheads, how do you feel about being called ginger?
What’s something you’ve never been good at, but everyone else is?
How long were you on Reddit until someone gave you gold?
Exes of reddit what's the dumbest reason someone broke up with you?
The first letter of the first thing you drank today is the first letter of name of the first person you think of and killed you with the last thing you touched(apart from phone pc etc) how did you die?
What do you miss right now?
[Serious] What makes a person deserve life?
When you close your eyes and picture a cylinder, what is the diameter to height ratio?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base and why?
Big Brother in the Wizarding Community is about to debut. What house rules would they have that the muggles don’t?
What are some interesting facts that not many people know about?
What is something really easy to obtain that you can't get?
What is the most humiliating moment in your life?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?
Whats the most scary thing you ever have seen in your life?
Ex-vegans of Reddit: what was your breaking point?
What was the worst second hand embarrassment you’ve ever felt?
Who is the one celebrity you would allow your spouse and they would allow you? Is it a difficult question?
How would your life be different if one thing was changed?
Is horror rap a thing? If so What are the go to's?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?
Which movie did you predict so accurately that it scared everyone around you?
People who joined the military, what is it like? Is it what you expected?
What's under your bed?
What mask or respirator can one wear with a facial beard?
When visiting relatives in a poorer country, what presents do you take with you to give to them?
What are the best slapstick knock out or fainting scenes featuring guys?
If you were to write a CHANCE card or challenge for a drinking game, what would it say?
if you had a super power what would it be? what would your super hero name be?
Gamers of reddit, what is the most hilarious glitch you have found in the game?
When things get back to normal, where will the best and safest place be to take a beach vacation?
As a mirror on society, what do some of our chosen leaders, Trump, Bolsonaro, Duterte reflect back at us?
Ex-drug addicts/criminals, how and what made you change your life?
What are some pickup line insults you know?
What mistake haunted you for a long time?
Are pregnant women getting $500 extra due to Republicans believing a fetus is a person why or why not?
Whats the weirdest feeling you haved felt?
We always talk about applications, especially foreign ones, stealing our information. But when has that ever lead to real consequences?
Users of Reddit, how do you name your porn folder?
Should the people who vote for pro life automatically be put on a list to foster or adopt kids that go into the foster care system, why or why not?
If you had to speak with a singers singing voice, which singer would you speak like?
Why does the left earbud always fall?
What is the weirdest thing you have to do for your job?
How do you get a lot of Karma on reddit?
Admins of reddit, what is your LEAST favorite Subreddit? Why?
What subreddits recommended for horror and mystery interests?
What is something that everyone does but no one admits to?
What is the most mindblowing thing you've ever heard?
What trailer was better than the TV show/movie it was advertising?
What are the best and worst places to look to buy a car that’s just a few years old?
Who's a good person you know who eventually went crazy from working in the service industry?
Justin Bieber's haters of Reddit, why are you lying to yourself ?
Where can home workout equipment be bought right now?
[Serious] Reddiquette: When you reply back and forth with someone in a comment chain a few times and you finally have nothing else to add, what is the proper response? Simply vote and move on, or is it polite to acknowledge that you're moving on from the conversation and wish the person well?
What are some lesser known attractions tourists should experience when visiting your country?
What rules and regulations set by your government right now do you think should become permanent?
What place in the world you wanna visit at least once in your lifetime?
What are some most fucked up threads on 4chan and internet?
What is a dream that has made you wake up in a cold sweat?
What are you most proud of?
How a person can control his or her orgasm or desire of sex?
What surprised you about or that you found on the internet?
If someone were to lock you in a room and threaten to shoot you if you didn't eat or drink a certain thing, what's the thing that would get you killed?
What will happen if all of humanity suddenly lost eyesight?
Which popular conspiracy theories would you be the least surprised to find out were actually true?
If you had to pick a song to describe your life what song would you choose and why?
What descision have you made that you instantly regretted?
[SERIOUS] How can we fix the lack of education/poor education in developing countries?
Why did Padmé need to die in Attack of the Clones (because of the assassin who was after her)?
Why are you here?
If you text, type, or play a lot of video games, what exercises are recommended?
Peeps of Reddit, how did your break-up go down?
Any sites where full length pornos are available?
What’s the dumbest thing a parent / teacher has done?
If you could choose one person, thing, or event to CTRL+ALT+DEL, what would it be?
What’s a lit rap lyrics you can make up for us?
How did you learn to type?
[Serious] What daily schedule works for you?
ok, so our (insert protagonist here) is doing good, its all going smoothly, the villain is dead/defeated, things are going great, and bam, Plot-twist, what happened to give the story a u turn ?
Ex-homeless Redditors, how did you became ex?
How to make $10 from home?
Medical Professionals: What are the best, PROVEN, improvised home mask designs/patterns to make at home?
If you were given the option to live in a time before the 1400s, would you do it and where/when would you travel to?
How do you best wash a horse genitals?
In a world where Rick Astley’s Never Gonna Give You Up was never written. What song would be the internet’s troll song?
How did you end up in your career?
People who have family members that are Autistic, how do you cope with their erratic behaviour?
McDonalds workers, why is your menu limited? Walmart workers, why are you only using one entrance for customers?
[Serious] Why is it socially acceptable to joke about men being raped, be it in cinemas or prison?
Home Cooks/Chefs of Reddit, what is a meal you made that was going perfectly until you added one ingredient?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
People that don’t mute their mic while there getting screamed at. Why?
Pro background artist,what is your best tips for shading ?
What so you think makes you weird and why?
How would your life be different if your older brother IS the law? How does one deal with supreme authority without being eternally submissive?
Ex-Amish people of reddit. Why did you leave the Amish lifestyle and what happened when you did?
How did 6.6 million people file for unemployment from March 22-28 if employers only cut 701,000 jobs in ALL of March?
What are funny movies without any nudity or sexuality that you can watch with family?
What's something you need to hear positivity about?
What is an example of an Askreddit question you posted, thinking you would get interesting responses but no one answered?
What movie most people haven't heard about that it's worth watching?
(Serious) Trans people of Reddit, what is something that happened when you were younger that you now realize was dysphoria?
Older siblings of reddit, what one thing your thankful for in your life?
What the hell is TikTok?
What is something everyone secretly laughs at but would never admit to doing so?
What is the worst worldbuilding you've ever seen in fiction?
What artist has had a one hit wonder but their other work is actually good and is barely recognized?
What is a reason you have ghosted someone?
Rocky or Rambo? And why?
What is the reddit logo supposed to be/represent?
What’s the easiest way to promote music on the internet without paying money or bothering people?
What habit do you have that you look upon as perfectly fine, but others think is weird?
Why do you hate at staying home?
You get to choose between any subscription to any service of your choice, what do you choose and why?
If superpowers were real, what is something that movies always get wrong about them?
Redditors who lived when there was no internet: How was life back then?
Redditors, which is better for a freshman with usually no heavy usage MacBook Air 2020 or MacBook Pro 13"?
In a rap battle between Poem_for_your_sprog and SchnoodleDoodleDo, who would win?
Reddit, what are the things you never throw away thinking you might use but never actually do?
What's the song that brings back your worst memorie ?
Knowing your SO has cheated on you. How did you deal with it? What did you do? What are your experiences?
[Serious] What's the longest you've gone without using your debit/credit/bank card?
What’s one complement from someone that has always stuck with you?
People living in states with no stay at home order, or business closings etc. what do you think is wrong with the leaders of your state?
[NSFW] How would weed (cannabis) be commonly referred as in a Medieval Fantasy setting?
What is the most cost-inefficient part of your life?
What are things that won't return to normal after all of these things happening in 2020 are over?
What are the most time inefficient parts of your day?
[Serious] What is the most important advice you would give to your child?
If you’ve ever ordered drugs, what’s the best excuse the dealer has given you for being late?
year 2050, someone unknown to our species comes visiting us and say "we gave you 2050 years so you can found our species but you never did, we run out of patience and we came in answering about all the question this tiny little planet had never figured out. What would you ask him?
Men of reddit, What is something women do that they think is sexy/attractive but really is not?
Caffeine drinkers of reddit, what happened that one time you drank too much?
What's a good job for someone who doesn't want to talk to people?
What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?
What would happen if you care too much about your work?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What are you doing at home to make isolation feel more normal?
Racist people of reddit, Why are you racist?
What was the last thing you did that you immediately regretted?
How do you judge a person?
People who were born blind but gained their sight, did your opinion of good/bad looks match those of society or of people around you?
How was your day, and how did you spend it?
What's a good excuse to binge on delicious goodies today?
What names would you give your pussy lips that fit the most?
What does it mean if a co worker says they are going to flood your girl’s basement?
Who knows your reddit username?
What did the white supremacist kid do in your school?
How to unclog a kitchen drain of fat?
What's are looking forward to the most once we're back to normal?
Baseball Players of Reddit, what weird habbits do you have (dressing, pitching, anything in the dugout, before the match etc.)?
What's a benefit of being an only child?
Hobbyists, what is the startup cost for one of your favorite hobbies?
What resource did you think you had enough of, but are now running out of?
Old reddit users, what's it like to talk to significantly younger adults?
Trying to put together a good summer playlist. What are some good vibey summer songs?
What anime does everyone love but you can't stand?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
How long can you still take staying indoors ?
Hey reddit what is the most o geez that must have hurt moment you experienced?
What's the most shocking thing you caught your siblings doing?
Atheists of Reddit, what do you say about the quote, “You have nothing to lose if you are religious whereas if you are non-religious and there is a God, you have something to lose”?
You can convince any one person to do any one thing, but as soon as you do the power is passed along to the person you’ve convinced. This ability is propagated until someone dies without using it. Who do you convince, and of what?
For gamers, what is a game that you have played for the longest time of all games without getting bored to it?
Ex-homeless redditors, how did you end up getting a home?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What are some tips for people who want to learn how to dance but get nervous/stiff the second someone grabs them?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What is a specific and detailed prediction that came true years after the prediction was made?
What is the difference between Hot and Best?
If Reddit raised a child, how would they turn out?
What are some chill songs for a rainy day?
If the world got back to normal tomorrow, what would you start doing different ?
What are some other GREAT (reality based) movies or shows about US Intel like the TV show Homeland or movie Sicario?
Someone breaks into your house and tries to murder you. You can only defend yourself using the items from the room you're in at the moment. What's your strategy?
What it's like to be in prison?
What have you eaten that is strangely good?
What's your most favorite thing going on right now and why?
(Serious) Class of 2020, what's it been like getting a job or organizing future plans?
911 operators of reddit, what was the creepiest call you have ever had?
After drinking a potion you spend the day as a dog in your park. Once the potion wears off and your human what is the first thing you do ?
What event happened that you would say the world just hasn't been the same since?
Have you ever felt lost in life with nothign to do then suddenly your destiny was shown, giving you a purpose, a job, a path? What happened?
New Yorkers, how are you holding up?
What's a good movie soundtrack that can be enjoyed on its own?
What are some desserts with names that sounds inherently sexual?
[Serious] what are some great, truly neutral (not left or right leaning) real news sources?
What are some good NSFW games to play for long distance couples?
What’s a scar you have that has an anticlimactic story behind it?
What was your own boomer moment?
What’s a necessary evil?
What's the weirdest video you've ever seen?
How did you know your partner was the one?
What's your first stop when the looting begins?
You can be MVP of the NBA, MVP of the MLB, MVP of the NHL...or World Champion of the WWE before you die a day later..how are you going out?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What is a genuinely fun thing to do/play on the internet with friends?
What makes you feel guilty?
What’s your apocalypse nickname?
What is your favourite mythology story?
What are the things that every Redditor must know about Reddit ?
What’s an alternate way of calling someone a f-g, that’s meant in a schoolyard quit-being-a-pussy way instead of homophobia inducing way?
[Serious] What was the most painful (physical, emotional, or otherwise) experience you've ever had?
Where can one buy/sell N95 Particulate respirator masks?
Hey music lovers of reddit! What makes a good album cover to you and what is your favorite album cover?
People of reddit, how did you met your best friends of today?
What doorknob do you use?
What city has the best standard of living ?
What’s the most obnoxious thing you’ve done while drunk?
What popular TV shows that have an episode about corn-teen?
People who went out for a pack of cigarettes or a gallon of milk and never came back , why did you do it ?
If Dr. Fauci gets a movie made about him, who should play him?
People who wear hoodies in the summer, why?
Women of Reddit, why men bad and women good?
What are your little joys in life that help you cope with the current situation?
What behavior do people consider normal that is actually a mental illness?
What's your story of "Don't judge a book by its cover"?
How do you not forget someone?
How do you not let people’s words affect you?
People of reddit, what in your daily routine do you strongly urge others to try and why?
What do you think about the 5G conspiracy theorists?
What’s youe opinion on bastard children?
What are good ways to get energy when you have depression?
What signs indicates a healthy relationship?
What would your personality be like and how would you dress if you were the opposite gender?
What are your stories of falling assbackwards into success?
People of reddit, what originally made you attracted to your partner?
What’s the funniest way to ask someone out?
People of reddit, how often did you already discard a comment or post because you changed your mind?
Ex-prisoners redditors,what is the scariest thing you have seen in prison ?
What serie have you stopped watching, and how it dissapointed you?
of Reddit who had pregnant women come for abortions but decided not to do it at the last moment, what happened or what changed their minds?
Should polygamy be legal and what should be the parameters?
If you could get rid of one of your responsibilities what would you get rid of?
[serious] Politicians of Reddit, what was your first job and how did you get to where you are today?
Life is a game of age of empires. What has your player got you doing?
Ever since China began building 5G towers people started dying of COVI-19 and the most affected cities all have 5G towers like NYC, what can be done to stop 5G tower radiation making COVI-19 worse?
What is the best reminder to someone to "social distance" from you and why? Silly String, Mace, a train horn, or something better?
Americans - Is trump going to get a second term? Why?
Dentists of Reddit, can you tell when someone has a bad oral hygiene and brushed their teeth 10minutes before their appointment?
Soldiers of reddit, have you ever been involved in a friendly fire incident? If so, what happened?
Redditors who _normally_ work from home: how do you keep feeling energized and motivated?
Considering the long term pros/cons, would you press a magic button that instantly incinerated any people and surfaces that were contaminated by the illness? Why or why not?
What was the moment you realized your addiction is an addiction?
What are your opinions about technocracy (A.I. Govt)?
People who "eat" ass, Why?
People who let their dying fire alarms beep every 5 minutes, what’s wrong with you?
Drug adicts of reddit how are you coping with isolating?
What was your first car and what was the best thing about that car?
Why do experts believe the poor economy will last so long, even after this is all over?
In the not-too-distant future, when mixed relationships have resulted in everyone on the planet looking exactly the same and Afro-Asian, how will people go about changing their appearances to look more different and diverse?
How do you get over a break up now a days?
Do you known dear redditors what is the name of that type of cuts where for example pulling, reloding and shoting whit a gun matchea the songs beat?
What was your coolest trick shot in a video game?
What is your phobia?
What’s something you learned about yourself with all your free time?
Non Africans of Reddit, what questions about Africa do you want awnsered?
Does your town have a clean up week where everyone puts furniture, treadmills, televisions, books on the side of the boulevard? Certain people in town drive around in pick ups looking for good stuff to take and everyone basically picks through everyones garbage. Does this happen everywhere?
What was the most pathetic thing you did when lonely?
What's your go-to when you need some alone time to get away from it all?
When you know you have a healty relationship?
What was an event that happened at your school, but no one talks about?
What is a crime that you have committed but the time on the statute of limitations has passed so you can now talk freely about it?
Who is the most famous person that would last the longest working in Walmart before getting recognized?
Ferrari is associated with red. Lamborghini is associated with yellow. What are some other car manufacturers associated with colors?
Students, what is the craziest thing you’ve seen happen during online learning?
How are you doing?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
Those who have an ex, what things do you regret most with your ex?
What runs thru ur mind when u suck myy dicc?
what would your last meal be if you were told that you’d die in 24 hours?
How do you keep yourself from falling into a huge episode of depression during these times?
What are your favorite subreddits?
What’s the most creative use of emojis you’ve ever seen?
What are the best online games for IRL friends to play...who all have varying skill levels, including no gaming experience?
What are some signs a dog has been sexually abused?
How old were you when you realized you had no more fucks to give?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold and why?
Refer to your pet as the drunk guy at the bar, what did your pet do today?
What's the most objectively good movie that you've hated? What's the most objectively bad movie that you liked?
You're granted one wish but there is a 50% chance that it will turn the opposite. What will you wish for to keep yourself covered?
If you were an NPC in an RPG what side mission do you give the main and what item do they get for completing your quest?
People of reddit, when was the last time someone hugged you and you liked it?
What do people who share their names with natural disaster's/disastrous people, do as a result of that correlation?
Women of Reddit, how do you feel about men who wear earrings?
What was your worst experience with someone with bad hygiene?
What would it take to accept a live in the matrix?
What is the most inappropriate Song to have sex too?
In a world where germany has won the 2md world war who do you think will be the superpower?
[Serious] Realistically, what can make this worse and drive us into a borderline apocalyptic era?
Users of Reddit, what is the most off the wall subreddit you’ve stumbled across?
People living with roommates, hows that going now under these conditions?
What's the worst cereal?
What was a moment where you realized you needed to stop being friends with someone?
What is the best thing that has happened to you this week?
What is the best gaming music to walk down the aisle?
What do people complain about that literally never happens?
So... Your parents take away your computer/phone/laptop/whatever else you'd use to look things up on. There's no incognito mode on there and you can't delete your history. What's the one thing you don't want them to see?
What's something you really like about something you really hate?
Why do you keep getting nervous when being around artichokes?
Cashiers of Reddit, do you recognise the faces of people who often visit the store?
At what point in your life did you realize that you're all grown up?
What's the worst place you've ever accidentally had your fly down?
If you could have anything in the world, what would it be and why?
Cops of Reddit what was the creepiest call you had?
What country that you visited was the most surprising?
If the Statue of Liberty was built in 2020, what would it look like?
How do you ruin a franchise?
If you had a photographic memory how would you use it?
What _____cians would be better suited to run the government than politicians?
You can get one thing from any movie, what will it be?
What is something you can do for your grandparent(s) on a distance?
People of reddit, how can we make the act of using a toilet a nice social activity again like it used to be in Roman times?
When you first go on a date with someone, what is a sign that there won't be a second one?
If you could make a casting change (for better or worse) in any movie, what movie would you pick and who are you replacing?
how do you think it would go down if a person who could read minds played chess against someone who could see the future?
What can be done to support friends feeling the weight of the world right now?
If the people of the US don’t approve of the current presidency, why don’t people form impactful protests, such as those seen in other countries until change is made?
What still excites you like a little kid?
What did you learn from a tv show/movie that helped you in your life?
What are your views on the presidency of the USA?
What are some political or social issues flying under the radar right now?
What video game were you sad about completing?
How long should a roll of toilet paper last for one person?
What are some lifehacks that a student can use for online video classes and "online school in general"?
Music lovers of Reddit, when did bad lyrics destroy the song for you?
People with Tourettes, have your Ticks ever spilled your secrets, if so, what happened?
What was the closest time you came to killing someone?
What was the closest time you came to killing someone?
You have 24h to prepare a 512MB USB and then you’ll be sent back in time to where you’re half your current age. What's on that USB?
What is the weirdest 'asking for a friend' question you've ever heard?
What's a trend that should never come back?
How do you turn your free time into paid time?
When would it be a good time to wear a hazmat suit to get grocery’s?
What's one song that you can't stand people singing along to?
Redditors with spouses, partners, etc. who are quarantining together, how’s the sex been?
Lonely and depressed people of reddit, how are you doing today?
Why do some people drive home from work just to use the toilet at their house and then drive back to work again?
People of reddit what's the smartest thing you've seen your pet do ?
People who unknowingly created viral content, what was it and how did you find out it blew up?
Let’s decide once and for all which is better; Mom or Mum?
What do y’all’s think the final boss of 2020 is gonna be?
Is truth a one sided dice? and if so then what is a falsehood?
Who are the people that dislike random YouTube videos?
How do you stay focused when working online?
People of reddit what is your favourite ice cream?
Women of Reddit what are some obvious cues men don't seem to get?
How do you go about finding out who a business's suppliers are?
What cities in the states have the best standard of living for middle-class ??
What band have you started listening to again during self confinement?
What makes someone else's political viewpoints so terrible?
How bad is April going to be?
What inexplicably popular thing is totally unnecessary?
What if everyone(even animals) farted at the same time?
What is the service that doesn't exist yet but you would pay for?
How would things change if you were the parent, and your parents were your children?
What’s the adult version of “there is no Easter Bunny”?
What is the best app you've ever downloaded (free or otherwise) and why?
Somehow can’t play videos on safari somebody know how to fix that ?
What is something that is really thought-provoking?
Why are true crime TV shows like “Tiger King”, “Dateline”, “Making a Murderer”, or other similar shows so popular?
What something people said you would grow out of, even though as a kid you knew you were right, and you’ve never grown it of it and since proven them wrong?
An interesting phenomenon happens while sleeping one night, Kanye and Joel Osteen have switched lives...what person changes the most?
What are your experiences with making actual music without being able to play an instrument?
What streaming service offers MTV, live sports, and dating reality shows like Married at First Sight?
What song made you do a "double take" the first time you heard it?
What are most paradoxical sentences/ words often used together ?
What video game or movie remake do you want more then any other?
Thrupples of Reddit, what are the pros and cons of your experiences?
What if there was no privacy and people could login into your pov like a livestream and not only see what you see but also read your thoughts? How would this affect your life and would this be a good or bad thing?
People whose parents gave them a ridiculous name what do you think it, and them, now that you're an adult? [Serious]
If you could play just one song to any past generation, what song would you choose?
What is your magic cold remedy?
what is the most awkward thing someone has busted you doing?
What have you been doing differently this time to keep up with your current relationship?
What did you want to be when you were younger, and what are you now?
What is one thing about your best friend that you would like to change?
If you were a NASCAR driver who would your car be sponsored by?
What's the worst or best movie trailer you have seen?
What regular things for you can someone spend an entire life to expirience?
What do you think of “hazard pay” increases for food courier workers like DoorDash, Instacart, Uber Eats, etc. during this time?
Whats the weirdest encounter you've ever had?
What is your worst substitute story?
Lol, people who chose to have kids and are stuck at home 24/7 with their young kids rn, how miserable are you—be honest?
What impulse buy turned out to be a wise investment for you? Alternatively, what carefully planned out purchase turned out to be a waste of money?
What happens when reddit send user notification of some one took screen shot of there post?
People who panicked/bulk purchased toilet paper, now that the stores are full of the stuff, what are you doing with your stockpile?
Why Some Music Videos have sound effects top on the music?
What advancements/technologies could we have today but are limited by politics, money, disagreements, ect?
What rumor went around in your high school and to this day your still not sure if it was actually true?
What seems like an easy job, but is actually really difficult?
Healthcare workers &amp; first responders, what is the most immoral/unethical thing you've witnessed a colleague do when they thought nobody was around; either to a patient or to someone else?
What’s something trivial that still really annoys you?
What's something that smells bad but not to you?
What do you one day hope to excel in?
When will the USA realize its no longer the "global leader" it once was?
People who enjoy spanking/being spanked by your SO, would you spank your child?
People that are working from home now, how much time would you say you're actually doing work?
Whether it's tomato (American pronunciation) or tomato (English pronunciation) how do you compare potato (American pronunciation) or potato (English pronunciation) and what are the grounds of your decision!?
Since everyone is at home drinking, what is your “shameful pleasure” drink?
Not-children of Reddit what is as the dumbest thing you believed as a child?
What did you want to be when you grew up? If you’re already “grown up”, did you get your dream job?
What are some best cheap water bottles and why?
Do you guys buy the little snacks that they have by the cashier in the grocery store? Why or why not?
People of Reddit, what is the best/funniest thing you have managed to succesfully edit on wikipedia?
What is a great song to listen to with headphones on?
Atheists of reddit, how would you suggest that we replace religious wedding ceremonies?
Why does it seem like people are becoming stupider ?
Redditors,what the greatest movie experience you’ve ever had?
Ex-deaf people of Reddit, what insults have you heard from students that didn't know you aren't deaf anymore?
What are the things that do not matter in life?
Ex-children of reddit, what was something that you did as a kid that is so embarrassing it keeps you up at night?
What is something you do in your life that gives you fulfillment?
You are designing an R2D2 style robot: what earth technologies would you include in your little robot?
What is your favorite hentai?
If world was school class, which countries would portray certain students stereotypes?
Let's assume humanity up and vanished for 100 million years. What would the world look like and what do you think animals would evolve into?
Are you a dog person or cat person? Is there a particular reason? How does one decide if they never had a pet before?
People living with roommates, hows that going for you under these conditions?
How are you, really?
Former burglars of Reddit, what was the creepiest house you have ever robbed or seen?
We all know that the toilet paper companies started the thing that can't be mentioned on this sub. What other events in history were clearly started by other collusions?
Cops of reddit, what was the time you saw something out of the ordinary and nobody still believes you?
People who live in nice neighborhoods what do you consider to be trashy in other neighborhoods?
People of reddit, how the hell do you make yourself happy in dark times?
What movie has the best soundtrack?
What would a personality test based on your reddit activity tell people about you?
What film, video game, or book series do you ignore ALL of the sequels to?
What was the dumbest thing you did at your first job?
How does one become internet famous?
Why aren't paper straws made out of the same stuff as boxed milk/water/juice?
armed forces, paramedics, police officers, what is the scariest thing you've ever been subject to in the line of duty?
It is now April 20th of the year 2069. What do you do to celebrate?
What good movies had terrible sequels??
What good song was used poorly in a movie?
How are men supposed to date when women have tons of options?
What do they use to ship styrofoam?
What do you like about reddit?
People who sort by new, why do you do it?
What is a food that usually tastes horrible or bland but when paired with something else tastes great?
What is your current favourite colour?
What song describes your current situation?
Have you seen any evidence of the Simulation Theory (that we are all living in a holographic universe)? If so, what have you seen, and how convincing is the evidence for you?
How long can you hold your breathe?
What got that "one kid" expelled?
You get to finally marry and live with your crush forever, but you have to have sex with a popular historical figure. Which historical figure is it?
What is your best relationship advice?
People of Reddit, what is a God Moment you’ve experienced?
What’s a harmless and fun way to confuse or annoy others?
What NEW activity do y’all most look forward to trying ?
Pizza delivery guys of reddit! What was the most nsfw moment for you?
Guys of Reddit, what cologne do you use (if any)?
What is the nicest way to tell someone they are annoying and you would like them to stop being annoying?
For those who make DIY facemasks out of fabric who plan to wash them, should fabric softener be used? Since fabric softener is said to coat the fibers of fabric, slightly increasing water resistance, would using fabric softener make a face mask work better?
What's the fear of old photographs/footage called?
What’s a board game you can finish in less than an hour?
What was the time you almost murdered somebody in self defense?
What is your favorite soundtrack from an animated movie/TV show?
What are the chances of getting sick from going to the barber and getting a haircut right now?
Do you believe time to be a human construct? What are your reasons for and against it?
What is the greatest American sitcom of the 90’s?
People of Reddit Do you know any weird, creepy or awesome fact about a song? Which one?
What youtuber do you like that everybody else hates?
Do you have a skill that you are very good at, but you rarely use it? Why?
What is the quickest you’ve finished a game of monopoly?
Where is someplace you are authorized to go but most others are not?
(Wrong answers only) What's the best way to tell someone bad news?
What’s your favorite acronym to use?
What is the adult version of "Free Candy" written on the side of a van?
When do we start pillaging?
Adults of Reddit, What is your best "fake it till you make it" story?
People who were kidnapped what's your story?
Imagine if you met a unknown man an he said “That was only the free trail of 2020 you can get the membership.” what would you do?
What is your favorite art piece from the Neoclassical Era?
If your life story were a video game, what would it be called?
just saw a post about Trumps ex-lawyer (Michael Cohen) testifying against Trump on Feb 27, 2019. He claimed to have more than 14 million files stored on a hard drive that would help convict Trump. What happened with this? Was it swept under the rug?
Why is alcohol socially acceptable but not weed?
What annoys you about your SO that you know shouldn't bother you but still drives you nuts?
What is your biggest regrets and why?
Americans, where would we be now had the electoral college done the right thing in 2016 and made Joe Exotic president?
What do you do with the excess emotional data that always seems to exist in voice tones?
If you had a single bullet in your pistol with Hitler and Bin-Laden sitting in front of you, what would you do?
You wake up one day and you're the opposite gender. What do you do?
People that Roleplay, what's your best story about a last-minute save?
Have you or someone you know been "Zoombombed"? What happened?
[Serious] what’s a unique and fun way to hold a celebration virtually for a graduating class?
What TV show made absolutely no sense?
What are some beliefs and traditions in your country that aren't well known?
Redditors, how does it make you feel that beautiful redheads with cascading hair, light eyes and narrow noses (like Amy Adams and Rachelle Lefevre) will one day no longer exist on this planet?
Curb Side Grocery Loaders, what's the weirdest stuff you've seen in someone's trunk?
What's a TV show you absolutely love but now hate?
How to get stickers on Galaxy s7?
People who have been homeless/are homeless of reddit: what do you find helps the most?
What have your dreams been about lately?
What's the Tenth Wonder of the World?
Gamers of reddit, what game have you been playing during these times?
Everyone keeps saying that things will eventually return to normal, but what happens if things don’t return to normal? What would our lives be like if this becomes the “new normal”?
People who get yelled at and insulted a lot, how have you coped with the pain you feel after getting disrespected?
Which guinness world record could you possibly establish or break?
How often do you think about Jason Gillespie?
What is the closest thing to a miracle that you saw happen in real time ?
What is a song you cannot listen to while driving a car because it makes you put your foot to the floor too much?
In the comics, does Jon actually hear what Garfield says?
What is your worst/funniest shitting story? [nsfw]
What otherwise normal or unfunny scene in a movie or TV show makes you laugh?
What is the thing you said you would never do, but eventually you did it?
How do you stay sane when you’re mad?
Women of Reddit, what's your self-defense strategy?
What surprised you about staying / working / being at home all the time?
Those that grew up in a single parent household, what do you feel like you missed out on, if anything?
How many people are now smoking weed during work hours since many are now WFH?
What What do you do when you're feeling depressed?
What is better than sex but people only understand that its better than sex when they had too much sex?
Couples of Reddit, How many of you have broken up due to staying at home?
If you could create your ideal dog breed, what characteristics would they have?
What is your opinion on people eating pizza with a knife and fork?
What's something you NEED the people around you to realize?
The first person you think of kills you with the closest object near you. How did you die?
What are some of the rarest/most coveted SFW (or SNSFW) files currently in circulation on the internet? Stuff that is definitely out there, but that no normal person can get there hands on?
Whats something dumb you've purchased that you don't regret purchasing at all?
Women of Reddit how can a dude approach you without being creepy?
What is the most terrifying condition you’ve ever heard of?
What are some fast food restaurant pet peeves?
What's the dumbest thing you've heard someone say?
People who changed their names, why?
People who have bought a new car what was one thing that showed up that destroyed it?
So how are we going to explain all this to the aliens when they show up later this month?
What do you do to keep loneliness from getting to you?
If real wars had a battle pass, what would be the rewards?
Current and former Bouncers of Reddit. What was the most ridiculous reason you had to throw someone out?
If you could share one thing about yourself, which makes you proud, what would it be?
After years of fandom and post and rants, you are chosen by the owner to run the team..what team?
[Serious] What's your opinion about people going out wearing a face mask (not for their job) nowadays?
Redditors, when did you realize, ''CRAP, IM IN TO DEEP''?
If you had to overdose on a drug, which drug would it be?
Why is there so much hatred in this world?
What is looks good,but is actually bad?
When was the last time you got a haircut?
Why are Americans always shown on TV etc. as using a fork in their right hand to eat?
When THIS is all over, what are some things that are going to be difficult that weren't before?
Redditors that are age 25 and older and still live at home, how do you feel about that? Is it for cultural reasons, or financial or anything else? And is it something you don't mind or is it driving you crazy?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that that one of your parents did but blamed on you?
What’s your great idea/invention?
If you could be known for one thing what would it be?
You are the owner of Minecraft for 24 hours, anything you do is kept in the game permanently, what do you add?
What’s the worst conspiracy theory you’ve ever came across? And what incident/action/event did it belong to?
Trump Checks incoming...anyone know how and where they land?
Would you choose to have an overlay in your vision of your mom's POV for the rest of your life, or would you rather have your POV as an overlay in your mom's vision for a year? Why?
What's the most annoying sound you've ever heard?
Why Do Some Women Feel Entitled ( First date, man pays for dinner and no thank you or acknowledgment after date)?
What smartphone do you have? and did you choose that model?
[Serious] Campers or hunters of Reddit. What was the most suspicious or strange story you’ve got to tell from being in the woods?
Have you ever been seen jerking off, and what happend after that?
What are some fun, light hearted documentaries you’ve enjoyed watching?
guys of reddit how would you feel if your female friend said that she's going to force you to have sex with her tonight?
If you were given a wand from world of Harry Potter, what’s the first thing you would do with it?
How does a girl's butthole smell?
Have you ever been in a physical altercation/fight with a stranger? What happened?
"Chasing the dragon" can mean chasing the high of the first time you experienced something. What is your dragon?
To the Weebs on Reddit what’s your favorite Anime? And/Or what’s your favorite genre of Anime?? Any suggestions to those who needs more anime?
Homeowners of reddit, what is your best "This is my house, I can do what I want!" story?
What are your best pet stories? What does your pet do to make you go awwwww?
How old were you when you realized that a snail can sleep for three years?
What is a creepy or weird moment or event you still remember from your childhood?
If you could change one thing about a song that you think is really good, and that you really like, what would you change to make it better?
What is your pets name and stats?
what did you want to get back soon that was lost once??
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
People that grew up poor, what is something rich people won't understand?
What is it about 5g technology that causes people to fear its effects on our health, and is there any basis to this fear?
What is something that never fails to motivate you when you have a deadline?
People of reddit who are life of a party, what thoughts you overthink when you think about being at a party? And did something happen which was anything but what you thought?
Gamers of reddit, which game scared the shit out of you?
What happened, when you said something as a joke, but everyone missunderstood it?
What song instantly makes you cry/upset?
Just wondering how everyone is doing in these trying times?
Families of doctors and nurses, how are you handling things now?
Redditors apart from facebook and reddit which other social app provides platform for University students to interact?
What food did you find disgusting before, but now you cannot imagine your diet without it?
Search up “zoophilia” and go in images. How was it and what did you think?
What's the best way you've responded to an insult in an argument?
Friends outside of the US; what are your news sources saying about our current situation?
If you could make one person you dislike grow a large amount of hair on any one (external; no killing them) part of their body who would it be and where would it be?
What book made you cry like a baby?
Emergency responders of reddit, whats the strangest thing you have seen?
(Serious) People who live in expensive cities like New York or Los Angeles, how much money do you need to make and how much of it do you spend on things like rent? Like how can one afford to live there?
What moment in time did you realize you had to adult?
What is the last thing you want to do for others to remember you?
How do you feel about dating someone with a high body count if you’re not that serious yet?
If you were to become the President of any country of your choice starting in 24hrs, which country would it be and what are your plans to solve the situation we’re currently in?
Why have we suddenly stop hearing about mass shootings?
What are some great but unpopular metal songs?
People of Reddit, which jobs/fields are destroyed for the next year?
Woman of reddit what is a kink/fantasy you have but are to afraid to share with your partner?
Those of you that don’t have the proper subreddit to tell a story you’ve wanted to tell, what’s your story?
Pro choicers of Reddit, when do you consider a baby too far along to abort? In your opinion, when does a fetus become a living being?
What game have you played wrong without realizing it?
What is the proper protocol attire for a medical appointment?
Who is your role model, and why?
Adults of Reddit, what show or movie did you end up hating as a kid because of bullying?
What TV show are you binging during this time?
Why are some eyes so drastically sensitive to sunlight, but not artificial sunlight, while some eyes are not sensitive to either?
What would you do If everyone hated you for no reason ?
Which musical artist is superior, The Beatles or Bhad Bhabie?
Where do you keep your flip-flops?
What are the best things to squeeze and why?
[Serious]Name a song and then others say what you best associate that song to?
[Serious] What's bringing you gratitude during these tough times?
When have you encountered a kind/generous stranger? What happened?
Those who still have a job during this crisis, do you fear getting fired or laid off anytime soon?
Why didn’t ManRay move his foot out of the way when Patrick kept dropping the heavy box on it?
What would you do if you think you're uglier than the average black woman?
Prostitutes of reddit, whats the scariest shit you've seen on the job?
How happy or satisfied are you with your choice of people you are locked down with?
If you could go back to the beginning of the year and warn America about what this year holds, what would you say?
What is the most horrifying scene you've ever seen in a non horror movie?
What would you be doing right now in isolation if the Internet no longer worked?
What are your favorite YouTube channels that you currently subscribe to?
What is the quickest way you have gotten a telemarketer off the phone?
What are your favourite, lesser known websites?
People who have moved to different countries to live, what advice/tips/stories do you have about the transition?
What are some tipe for people who want to learn how to dance but get nervous/stiff the second someone grabs them?
Military/ weapon engineers of reddit, do you ever regret creating any weapons or devices, and what’s your story behind it? [Serious]
Which TV series have you completely watched more than twice?
Hey Reddit, what is the first thing you are doing once we get out of our current worldwide situation?
What’s the funniest way of saying “sex”?
What would be your dream video game concept?
Do you think not seeing trans girls are real girls is disrespectful, why or why not?
Writers of Reddit, what inspired you to write a certain story/plot and what was it about?
What thing have you done out of habit even though the thing you were doing didn't have what you're used to?
What is the most wholesome conspiracy theory you know?
(Serious) Elementary School Teachers of Reddit what where some of the strange or weird things kids have told or said to you?
A movie is being made about you, who plays you in the role?
What's the worst part of growing up?
When were you the “I’ve seen worse” situation that people talk about?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What 2 company’s should do a crossover?
Considering all the mania going on who here is pro gun now?
Current and former service members of Reddit. What's your wildest training stories?
What level of self isolation are you practising? What more should you be doing?
Do you consider yourself to be a classy person and why?
With all of the satellites and space junk orbiting Earth, how are scientists able to track all of their trajectories to avoid collisions when launching rockets into space?
University students of reddit, how do you summarise a text you don't understand?
What happened that made you realize you were in love with someone?
How do you deal with an unromantic boyfriend?
Reddit of Reddit, what is the thing you hate the most about yourself?
People who had a family member leave did you ever find them again?
How has your relationship been affected by current events?
How to stop Reddit from sending emails?
If you had a superpower that allowed you transform into an animal, which animal would you choose and why?
Around what time are you guys most productive these days?
If your last shit was named after a video game, what would it be?
What April Fools prank did you pull this year?
If an alien landed on earth, in its eyes (if it has any) what are the chances that it will be able to differentiate between humans (color, race, gender, age etc)?
What do you do when you’ve done it all?
What is your self fulfilling prophecy?
What are some good songs to play when the ATF raids your house?
What's the worst song to include in a hospital's playlist?
What’s your favorite animated movie and why?
What is your favourite band and why?
What t.v shows or anime you used to watch which have been forgotten by now?
What would be the most disturbing thing to hear your grandparents say through a thin wall?
Hey Reddit, what's the t-shirt that you will never willingly get rid of?
What is your favorite food?
Who would win in a fight: Terry Crews or Dwayne Johnson?
What is the best way to get the date changed from June 8,2020 to April 69,2020(69/4/20) so that we could get atleast some fun from this year?
What's something that was so disgusting, it actually made you throw up?
Fellow redditors have any of you confessed your feelings to someone with all this going on? How did it go?
What video game storyline will you tell your grandkids?
Erasmus students. How do You keep Yourself sane/entertained during these hard times?
What would you be doing tonight if you could go out?
Truck drivers out there, why do you clog both lanes on highways?
[SERIOUS] Ex (or current) Foster's of Reddit, did you keep track of all the families you lived with? If so, where did you write it down?
Since this is an anonymous platform, what level of isolation are you REALLY adhering to?
People who have created multiple video games, which was your favourite to make?
What would happen if you smoked a cheeto puff?
Starting from April 12th 2020, doors will become illegal. That means all existing doors will be removed regardless of their purpose. What do you do now?
What is something that's important to like if you are in a long-term relationship?
Aging redditors who had an excessive fear of death, does death naturally become more acceptable the older you get?
People who have recently quit smoking, how are you doing?
Only for Ark players. If in May the whole world became corrupted like in the game and there where only ARKs that provided life and where protected from corruption and all other things, what will you reaction be?
What did you always wanted to ask a black person but were too afraid to do?
What is your fantasy TV show ending that you think would've been better than the show's actual ending?
People who went to school with famous people before they were famous what were they like?
Minorities of reddit, what is the worst racially motivated incident that you have experienced/witnessed? [Serious]
What would you do if you saw someone coughing?
What would you do for $10?
How long and how far would you go to save 1% instead of saying F...It time to go outside?
People who “follow” someone on Facebook instead of friending them or liking the page, how come?
What’s the best pen?
What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?
What are non political reasons for the rising hatred in India between communities?
Adults of reddit how to adult?
Ladies of Reddit, what do you keep in your handbags?
What games would you recommend during this time?
For those battling with depression and anxiety what is your best coping mechanisms to pass every day?
Gamers of reddit,what's the most unexpected thing that happend to you because of video games ?
What movie would have been better if it ended just a few scenes earlier?
What are great thought provoking questions to ask your partner?
[Serious] What's something that has a name that's misleading to what it actually is?
Knowing your SO has cheated on you. How did you deal with it? What did you do? What are your experiences?
What is a moment when your life felt like it was a movie or TV show?
Adult redditors what advice do you wish you could tell your teenage self?
If the year 2020 keeps ramping up monthly like it has so far, what happens in December 2020?
[Serious] Divorcee's of Reddit, what was the tipping point that made you do it and was it worth it?
If the Purge was real, what would you do and why?
What, in your mind, are examples of real-life magic?
What are good things to do at 1am in your bedroom without disturbing anyone?
What is that best thing you have ever done for someone ?
What’s easier said than done?
What’s the most annoying thing about politics or very political people?
In any field, what are the benchmark questions you would ask if you want to judge a person's skills in that particular field?
What are some of the weirdest Reddit subreddits you have seen/known?
Most people know their favorite fictional character but what is your second favorite fictional character?
What’s something about the Netherlands you‘ve always wanted to know?
what is the most heartbreaking moment in your life when you cried a lot?
People of Reddit, what crazy unsolved crime happened in your area?
If your dog can talk, what's the first thing you guys would talk about?
How to deal with not having anyone liking you or wanting to be your friend irl or online?
What were Quaaludes like?
What do gay men feel when they see a hot naked woman? What do lesbians feel when they see a hot naked man?
What’s the first sentence of the best novel that will be written about this epidemic?
If you could covertly hypnotize your SO and change any behaviour, trait or habit permanently - what would it be?
What game messed you up as a kid?
What are your thoughts on people who drink every day and have little kids?
50 mil upfront or 100m upfront but you lose one random finger, what do you choose why or why not?
What are some cool pop songs from the 90s?
[Serious] When did you realize that you were the toxic one in the relationship?
Redditors, which "classic" or "iconic" song do you think is vastly overrated?
People who have cheated on their partner in a romantic relationship, what was going on in your head? And why did you cheat instead of just talking it out and breaking up?
People who eat starbursts without the shell why?
If you where to be turned into stone by something like medusa, what would your pose be?
How did you know you had depression?
What word scares you (when you read, not when someone yell)?
Why did chicken cross the road?
People of Reddit, what are the type of things you though you only did/saw but turn out to be a very common thing ?
What’s the meaning of Outwith?
What's the one moment in your lifee when you were an inch away from death, but it was completely by accident?
We've caused a new Generation classification as a result of the last 90 days. What do you name it and why?
If Joe Exotic had won his presidential bid, what would be the best difference in America right now?
Gamers of reddit, what was the hardest game that you've ever completed?
With everything happening so far this year, what else are you expecting?
If nuclear weapons are humanity's peak of pure physical destruction, then what is humanity's peak of pure physical construction, and how does it compare to nuclear weaponry?
What's something you should never say after sex?
In the age of "porch pickup" from online sales, how are we supposed to know if our neighbors are being robbed versus just selling some stuff?
What was the scariest memorable moment of your life?
Why do you keep buying avocado?
What makes you unique?
Is there a market for holocaust porn and if so what kind of format/scenarios would it have?
What is your biggest passion?
What do you need to do before it's too late?
For better or for worse, what’s something you tend to do better than most people?
Why would you want to want to watch Spider-man vs Rhino and Batman vs Joker on youtube?
Humans of reddit, what is the worst situation you have been in?
Software devs of Reddit that work full time, what is your desire after a long day or week to work on your own software side project at home?
What is the dumbest thing you have witnessed someone having a meltdown about?
What is the last YouTube video you disliked?
What is something everyone hates but you love, and vice versa?
Women of reddit, what are some things guys think are cool but are really a turn off?
Mandela Effect: what do you know has occurred but according to history really hasn't?
Is there an instrument you wish you played? And why?
What the hell is tiktok?
Redditors, what do you think "normal" will look like in 12 months?
If you loved your pet, but your pet didn’t love you. How would you feel?
You encounter a genie. What is your one wish?
What game did you learn to spend more time with the person?
What is a good emulator for pokemon x and y? Or Black and White?
Pretend you are in a wealthy family whose net worth is 1 billion. Are you gonna live off of family money or live off the money you make?
How to get real money online?
People of Reddit, what are the type of things you though you only did/saw but turn out to be a very common thing?
Elderly of reddit, what was your dream and looking back at it, was life worth living for the sole purpose of fulfilling your dream?
How would you try to avoid broken people ?
what is the stupidest reason you have gotten in trouble for at school?
what is something that happened at a wedding that made everyone think it would end in divorce?
Reboots and remakes always carry elements of the originals into their stories. What parts of the Fox franchise should the MCU bring in for the X-Men?
What's the best thing you've bought this past month and why?
What's your favourite conspiracy theory about aliens on Earth?
What are the funniest/most creative ways to rickroll someone?
What do you regret seeing?
Vaginas and assholes of Reddit, what do you hate about each other so much? And what do you exactly compete for?
what was your worst 'friendship' breakup?
What phone yeee got?
What sounds older - Ancient or Archaic?
What’s the first sentence of the best novel that will be written about this epidemic?
What are the best drinking games you can play via FaceTime/zoom/skype etc.?
What RnB songs would you reccomend?
What is something from a cartoon or animated show that breaks the laws of physics but even it being a cartoon doesn’t explain it?
What has been your biggest pet peeve since moving back in with family?
If you could change anything on your body, what would it be and why?
Is there a moment of your life which you wish you could have done differently?
Which trailer completely ruined the movie for you?
Non Americans of Reddit, what is something about your culture that would be seen as weird in America?
What are some items that are usually used daily, that aren’t now?
Hypothetically, if someone had super speed, how fast could they run before they or their clothes caught fire?
What things are just not worth the effort?
[SERIOUS] People who have committed crimes, why did you do it?
What's the grossest thing you've ever had to do?
What are those things, one should not do in a medical college ?
Ayo Reddit! What are some good things your homeowners association has done?
To calculate kinetic energy, we use the formula kinetic energy = 1/2 mass x velocity^2. So, at weight and speed are things deadly to humans? Glaciers must be too slow and small. At what size do they become deadly to touch?
What's the first thing you are going to do once life us back to normal?
What's easier done than said?
What is a First World Problem you have experienced?
What have we learned from baby yoda?
What “underrated masterpiece” do you think is actually overrated?
People of reddit, how did you overcome social anxiety? What changed in your life?
What's your favorite Dwayne The rock johnson movie?
Ladies of reddit what is something you wish men knew about you? Why don't you tell them?
People of Reddit, what are the type of things you though you only did/saw but turn out to be a very common thing?
What is your wildest, most fun memory?
People of Reddit, what is your proudest achievement?
Hey reddit, how's everyone doing today?
Americans living in the north why not move south for the better weather?
What's the best language to learn on DuoLingo?
You fell asleep and woke up in your dream utopia, what's it like?
What mythical creature would you like to be and why?
Apple &amp;/or Android users of Reddit, what don't you like about your brand?
You can make one decision as the ruler of the world, what do you choose?
What "one hit wonder" bands have other good songs?
How political are you?
Ex-rednecks, what's the redneckiest thing you ever did?
What historical event isn’t as big of a deal as we make it out to be?
Penises and pussies of Reddit, why do you love and want each other so much?
What is your dark web story?
What scares you the about everything that is going on?
To the morning showerees, why do you like sleeping in your own filth?
Fiction based media consumers, what is your favorite piece of cut content from a video game, show, movie, book, etc. that you wish could have come to fruition?
[Serious] Have you or a family member ever given away an inordinate amount of money to a televangelist? What happened afterward?
What dish brings you back to your childhood, Ratatouille style?
What would happen if the entire world erased all debt and started from scratch?
What have you learned thanks to the quarentine?
What's the bravest thing you have done ?
What are some actually helpful life hacks that are easy and useful?
Anyone have insight to the Gallup interview? The one was 1.2 hours long. Anyone have experience with it and what we’re your thoughts?
What’s a unpleasant smell you like?
What's your go-to lazy recipe?
Redditors who met someone off reddit for a hookup, what's your story?
What is the affect on breasts after pregnancy?
What weighs more? Love or death?
What is the area of a parabolic trough collector?
How was reddit back in 2010?
What kind of egg would you like, in these trying times?
What kind of art have you created while self-isolating?
Chinese people of Reddit: what's a misconception about you that pisses you off?
What would you call a person if their job were to sort content according to the name of Subreddits?
What opening scene made you realize the movie or show was going to be trash?
If You died and are getting reincarnated but this time you get to choose your gender and get to design your body what gender do you choose and what details?
What movie/tv show character you liked/hated so much that it changed your daily life in some way?
What shows/videos/games/content have you been binging/binged on during this time?
What’s the best thing to happen to you in 2020?
What's sonething you used to think about adults as a child?
Optimists of Reddit, have you ever said that the following year was going to be “your year” and then proceed to actually have a really good year? If so, what year, and what happened?
What song can you no longer listen to due to an embarrassing memory of showing it to someone?
What’s your worst “pay it forward” experience?
[Serious] Everyone knows of substance abuse or gaming addiction. What less common addiction have you struggled with in your life?
You’re a wild animal living in a suburban town anywhere in the world. You wake up today, and all humans have disappeared. What do you think happened?
People who like to mix drinks together, what is your favorite mixture of drinks?
People of Reddit, what was the worst date you have been on?
Pet owners of Reddit, if you could write a letter to your pet, what would you say?
How do you flirt?
What's your recent zoom incident?
What is the best would be Seinfeld plot having to do with self quarantining?
How do good posts survive in this sub when there are thousands of new posts every hour?
Americans of Reddit, what do you mean by "let's go" when shouting at sporting events?
What is something that looked ok in the past but now when you think about it, is really cringy?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve seen during a zoom meeting?
People of Reddit, what is something that’s easy to do but hard to master?
What is easier done than said and not said than done?
What's the last lie you told? Why?
How to enable identity insert of a SQL Server DB table in a Mulesoft application?
Could someone who lives outside the US tell us how they are reporting on what’s happening here?
People of reddit, what’s something you enjoy doing that is considered “Basic”?
When working from home, how dirty do you have to be to justify showering?
Ignoring any regards to any political aspects, who else thinks AOC (Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez) is an attractive woman?
How are people still getting haircuts if barber/salons are closed right now?
Redditors,What happened when you took someone else's name during sex,did your partner stopped or continued ?
Which subreddit has the most annoying rules?
What two sports, when combined, would result in the most hilariously bizarre display of athleticism?
[Serious] Why are you looking forward to death?
People who have to still work what is a major problem you face that effects your life?
Investors of Reddit, what are your feelings on moving money into and out of your stocks of choice on a several-day/weekly basis in order to take advantage of volatility?
What's the temperature where you live right now?
Why have all the attempts to implement communism failed so miserably?
What should you do when a girl won’t answer your messages?
What do you find most attractive in a person?
What subreddit deserves more attention?
Why is your least favorite teacher your least favorite teacher?
Redditors who have lost loved ones, what story would you like to share about them?
what is a movie that you think was completely slept on by society and deserved more attention?
How’s dating going for you so far?
What is something you wanted to try but soon regret?
What are some times where the little guy won?
What’s the worst thing you have ever done?
what's the smallest decision that changed your life massively?
What's a strange food-condiment combination that you enjoy that others should know about?
Why do we humans seem to have so many mental issues like dementia, autism, bipolar, add/adhd, etc. but never hear about other animals having things like that?
Men of Reddit, what’s the hardest thing to explain to women?
What have you discovered about the people you live with now that you're locked down with them?
What’s are the best and worst nicknames you’ve ever had?
Which job would you invent for your special set of skills?
What situations do you imagine yourself in while listening to music?
Youll be free from every law for 7 days. What will you do?
What will you do to survive Random Chimp Event?
Why would you want to to watch batman's training exercises in the batcave on youtube?
What do you usually do when you can’t fall asleep?
What industry/profession deals with the worst customers?
What is something regrettable you said or done that was so bad you wake up randomly and just cringe at?
There are some ridiculously futuristic predictions people in the past had for the 21st century. What are some predictions we have already ‘surpassed’?
Taxi Drivers of Reddit, What’s the weirdest exchange between passengers you’ve seen?
What addiction is both dangerous yet common?
Dropping off old carpeting at the dump, but can’t drop of a tire...why not the tire but almost everything else ?
From a healthcare worker in the hospital...why won't you stay the Fuck at home?
Apart from staying off of Reddit, what are your "best practices" in order to be successful working from home?
People who survived, escaped and somehow escaped from a maniac. What happened? How did you survive?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever heard someone rant about?
Redditors who didnt get a hair cut last month, how badly do you regret it?
Citizens of China, can you give your honest opinion of your country? If so, what is it?
Recently furloughed and locked down. What's a small hobby to pick up between daily exercise and family life?
If you could have consensual sex with anyone in this world, who would it be?
How many times do you masturbate in one week on an average?
Animals of Reddit, what humans don't know about you?
if you had the chance to ask one serious question to someone, what would it be? and to whom?
What should people put on their 'To Do' lists immediately once lock downs are lifted and why?
What was the all-time worst use of the Wilhelm scream?
What is the weirdest thing someone said to you during sex?
How can you make $20 stretch the farthest in the grocery store?
Anesthesiologist of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing someone has said while the drugs kick in?
What movie was way better because of the soundtrack ?
What should you do when you night something illegal and it was fake?
What movie from your youth did you think was amazing only to discover upon re-watching as an adult that it’s utterly awful?
People who help design kids’ cereal boxes for a living, what is your role?
What does it feel like to listen to French rap when your not French ?
How do guys feel about being called cute by a girl?
What accents do you find irritating or almost unlistenable?
What are some good studying habits or methods that people can use?
What questions are you most interested in answering on this sub?
What is some GOOD news that has come from lots of people spending more time isolated?
What is your favourite movie monster done with practical effects?
What is your best "I once hated them, now they're my homie" story?
What are your funny, lighthearted, goofy, crazy (or any combination of these) intoxication stories?
Therapists of reddit, how often are the games "Animal Crossing" and "Doom Eternal" mentioned during your sessions?
You have 10 seconds to impress your date via video call, what do you do?
What would be your first action of you saw a demon or angel in your house?
[SERIOUS] What philosophical quote made you change your outlook on life?
Suppose it was your birthday today and no one wished you how would you deal with all the thought and sadness ?
What is the most evil, horrific, or plain wrong thing that you witnessed someone doing that was entirely legal?
If you was on death row what would you want for your last meal?
People who need respirators to do their job, what are you working on and how are you covering your nose and mouth?
What if whenever our phones weren't around we'd fart whenever we get a notification and they'd sound like the notification, how would that change the world?
What do you usually do for second dates?
whats your most fond memory of a family member or a friend who had passed?
Redditors who have the same first and last name as a celebrity. How do people react when they first hear your name?
What is your funniest wrong person/ wrong number story?
People in recovery communities, how are you holding up with the isolation?
90’s children of LGBTQ parents, when the movie, the Birdcage, with Robin Williams came out. How did it make you feel?
How does your cat behave when you are sad or depressed?
What do sleep paralysis “demons” look like and what does sleep paralysis feel like?
Which lie do you regret the most?
Reditors if every time you met someone they had to agree to your terms and conditions what would yours be?
What are some interesting subreddits to browse when you are bored?
what is the most visited place in your city?
What was the worst sequel to an amazing movie that spoiled the whole franchise for you?
Adulterers of Reddit, how's it going now that you're stuck in the house with the spouse you are cheating on?
How are you doing?
To the people of Reddit who record using their webcam: what extension or program do you use?
What is the most satisfying time you have caught someone lying?
Hello fellow beasts,what is your best record time in bed?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What is something that's good because there's only one of it, and would be terrible if there were more?
A computer is only as smart as its user. What other interesting computer-themed quotes do you know?
Any movies where the characters flick switches in spaceships or cars? And switch flicking movie ?
What is your best "so you have chosen.. death" moment?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
If you could have 1 super power what would it be and why/how would you use it?
What major app will soon become obsolete?
People who have slept with teachers why did you do it?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
If your ex gf or boyfriend confess that she or he still have feelings for you but he or she is in a relationship what would you do.?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?
What day of the week do you think it is?
What's something you hate that everyone loves?
If you were going to show your significant other their first marvel movie, which one would you choose?
What was the last photo you took?
How do you drop out of high school because you're kinda sick of going every day and would rather find something else to do?
People with addictions to gambling. How are you holding up right now? Has your current situation made it more or less difficult to gamble?
Why are some New York hospitals empty, despite being in the “epicenter”?
Retail workers what's the dumbest thing a customer has ever said to you ?
You got access to a full log of your life. Very detailed, all hidden things included. What will be your first query?
What is the best prank you've pulled?
What is your top 5 favorite RPGs?
What “old person” things do you do?
What is one of your weirdest dreams you’ve had recently?
Whats the shortest amount of time someone you know has stayed married before getting a divorce?
What is something you will never really get over?
What's your most superficial reasons to date someone?
Who is your least favourite YouTuber and why?
Is Avast Free Antivius what is it? is it safe or malware?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What music changed your life forever?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
What are some dog walking etiquette rules one should be aware of?
Filipinos of Reddit, what absurd races have other people called you?
What are some things from the past that you never thought you'd end up missing due to newer things coming along, but now do?
What are your heartwarming and/or tragic first days at the gym?
With which movie villain do you agree the most?
When did we stop indenting paragraphs?
Doctor’s of Reddit, what was your most sexual moment with a patient?
People of Reddit is water wet if so please explain why?
How does one bother someone with a bloated self esteem?
What is the scariest thing you’ve witnessed in real life?
Veterinarians of Reddit, have you even had to treat a human patient? What the hell happened?
If you were on death row, what would you request for your last meal?
(Serious) 911 Operators, what should someone do if they need to call 911 but aren’t able to speak for whatever reason?
Which subreddit is best for asking novice questions related to investing in the stock market?
Women of reddit, how often do you shave your legs? How long do you let your leg hairs grow before you shave again?
French people of Reddit, how often do you eat baguette and how do you eat it?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What is the stupidest fake news someone you know believes?
How will we know when society is fully back normal?
What news are we missing out on due to the news being dominated by C*****-19?
Why don’t posts sometimes appear in some subreddits newest when uploaded?
After a good date, why does it sometimes feel like you've known the other for much longer than you actually have?
Americans what state do you live in?
Has anyone ever been a nun or clergyman and then left the church to lead a civilian life? What’s your story?
You die and are reincarnated. What are you and why?
What's the best prank someone ever did to you?
They say, we are alive to live but what about those who don't have a life worth living and are leading to much harder circumstances?
What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
Your highest rated comment is how the world ends. What is in store for us?
What are the best songs about growing up in a crappy town and wanting to get out?
What's your biggest dream?
What’s the most random story/ thing you’ve heard to people passing by?
What does Room near the ice machine mean?
What's the easiest accent to make racist in an impression?
What is your favorite obscure or forgotten cartoon?
What are some good non-animated shows that have recently come out from Asia?
How true is it that large corporations will leave the USA if they’re required to pay their fair share in taxes?
What other cursed fanfiction like Dipper goes to Taco Bell is out there?
What's the best "did I say that out loud" moment you've had or witnessed?
What are some things that you just can’t believe?
[SERIOUS] tall people of reddit, what seems to be your BMR?
What do you think about women with armpit hair?
What were the circumstances of you/someone else cheating?
What could have been your favourite color if you were blind ? How would you have interpreted them in real life objects and matters ?
What companies are making the most bank right now?
If you knew nothing else about it, what would you assume 'Rainbow Six' was?
Woman of reddit what's the craziest thing a man has asked you to do?
People of Reddit, why do you trust/distrust people of the other gender?
What kind of vehicle do you drive?
Redditors who have had sex with your username, what was it like?
What’s your most cursed m&amp;m story?
If there was a videos called prince of Persia 3 The Two Thrones Epic Stealth Speed Kills on youtube will you enjoy it snd why?
People of Reddit, what is your master plan for world domination?
What’s the coolest thing you did in your life?
Which subreddit you was expecting it to be very active but only to find it has few to no activity ?
how did you know you were old?
What's the craziest thing you've ever seen a soccer mom/dad do?
What is the strangest subreddit out there?
What has the current situation finally given you enough time to do?
What are some shows that you have seen where you thought the person did not look like they’re intended age?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
Have you ever been married to someone and they cheated on you with the same sex partner? What happened? Are you still friends? Were there kids?
People who lied in resume and got hired to a position you knew absolutely nothing about, what happened next?
What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?
What excuses that are related to the current outside situation would you consider as valid?
What's an irrational fear that you have?
Which movie's ending you interpret differently than the majority?
what is your web browser and what search engine?
What's something you found out that you feel you should've known from the start?
What is the weirdest eating habit you had as a kid?
What do you think Harrison Ford was more well known for, Star Wars or Indiana Jones?
Which animal suits your personality best and why?
How would you bring the prenup situation to your wife/husband?
If you were to be born in a different year what would it be and if so why?
You are trying to find a thief who loves rock and roll music. Fortunately, you are aware of this as you search for him in a warehouse of mannequins who look a lot like the thief, so you play a song which you KNOW is irresistible to try not headbanging to. Which song do you play?
It has been said that there are two types of people in the world: those that fold fitted sheets and those that don’t. What is your humorous way of categorizing people?
What is the most disgusting pizza topping you have eaten thats not pineapple?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, what was the stupidest thing you've seen a new inmate do on his first day in prison?
Aborted fetuses of Reddit, how did you survive?
Physicists of Reddit, if you had the ability(superpower) to control the electromagnetic force, what kinds of things would you be able to do?
Which type of cake is your favorite?
Women Of Reddit, what's a sure shot sign a guy likes you?
People of Reddit: When did you realize that your mom/sister/aunt/etc was a karen?
What's an acronym people should start using?
What's your top 5 existential crisis movies? And why?
Doom fans of Reddit what is your favorite theme from doom eternal?
What's the most shocking this you caught your family doing?
People who post K-Pop on random Twitter threads, why?
What are some fun quarantivities to kill boredom?
How long do you keep watering your dead plants hoping for a miracle?
pee pole of Reddit How wood u ficks thes sentence?
What's the coolest graffiti you've ever seen?
Dear redditors,What is your opinion on ghosts ,are they real and do you have any ghost experience ?
Which movie was the most disappointing for you?
What fictional movie or book do you most wish was true?
If you could go back to March 1st 2020, what would you tell your past self?
people of reddit, what's your favorite passtime for when you are so bored, with seemingly nothing to do?
How did you get your loner child out of being a loner? [Serious]
Considering facts, logic, and civil debate aren't the way to change minds, what does it actually take to change someone's mind?
What is a job that earns money but just shouldn’t?
What do you think about all day long?
Glass blowers of Reddit, how much of your time is spend sticking your rod in a glory hole?
People who were bullies as a kid, where are you now?
What popular/good rated video game did you not like?
Who makes you horny?
Reddit scammers what was their best scam and why did they do it?
What is the worst realistic thing that could happen in the coming months?
Game developers of Reddit, what is your reaction when you are playing multiplayer on a game you worked on and you run into toxic people?
Has Anyone recently come back on the grid? what's your story?
Why there are alot of American films portraited by a family with single parent ( mostly mother) or useless/ work far away husband; and the kids are super selfish and only think about themselves ?
What's the most alien-looking animal?
What is the word that you always spell wrong no matter what?
Wrong Answers only, what is the plot of Tiger King?
Who is the clumsiest person you have met?
What was worth getting in trouble for?
What's something that only rapists can do?
What’s an obscure hobby that you love doing that most people might find unenjoyable or don’t even know that it exists?
People of reddit who have had unnatural or paranormal experiences, what where they like and have they affected you still today?
What gross or disgusting things does your dog or cat do?
Redditors who texted their Exes last month,what happened?
Who is the human version of TikTok?
What’s an instant Turn On for you?
What was the Weirdest Object that was used as a Hall Pass in Elementary School?
What is the most embarrassing thing we all relate to?
What was the best dream you’ve ever had (sleeping)?
Sexers of Reddit, what was the sexiest thing you’ve ever sexed?
What is something productive you're doing these days?
Whats your favorite midnight snack?
Liberals of reddit, what are your thoughts on the turdbag Bill DeBlasio, Mayor of NYC?
You are to be granted superpowers but you must also select a weakness that is relatively common on earth, what is your Kryptonite?
What made you lose faith in humanity?
People of Reddit ,what clichés/stereotype does Hollywood need to stop using ?
What would you say to someone that just made you lose The Game?
What band's music got better well after their peak of relative popularity?
North American Redditors, how many of you will continue to wear masks or face coverings in public after this is all over?
People of reddit what is the craziest thing you have found out recently?
Doctor's on reddit, what was your biggest 'OMG' moment in the hospital?
What is the scariest real story you know?
Parents of Reddit, what lies do you tell your kids to keep them from getting into shit?
If you could have sex with anyone anyone at all celebrity or not Dead or alive who would you have sex with?
What is the weirdest thing you do, that you didn’t know you did, or think was weird, until someone else saw you do it?
Reddit, what is the most random habit you have?
Dinosaurs of Reddit, what was your last impression/action before you went extinct?
What's your interest and what is the best book about it you can recommend?
If you can go back in time to change one event in history. What would it be and why?
What could be the Universal social laws, which stand ethical at any place or at any time in the world history?
[Serious] If you were the only person on earth that experienced dreams when you slept, how would you explain that to the rest of humanity without sounding insane?
People in a relationship - what is an unspoken rule between you and your other half?
What old people things do you do?
Who would you like to challenge, AND actually fight, in a fair fight?
What’s a great way to raise “karma” ?
Used to finger,and now little bit loose, how to tighten up your asshole? Tips?
How do you know if you're living a blessed life?
Adopted people of Reddit, what age were you adopted, and did you experience any lingering emotional problems growing up from the adoption, like depression or anxiety or social problems?
What’s one thing about today’s youth that you’ll never understand?
What was the weirdest thing anyone’s ever offered you money to do?
Dear reddit, when did somone come close to finding your darkest secret, how did it make you feel?
Reddit: how fast can you run in your new shoes?
If you were to fly back in time, and saw someone flying forward into the future, what would you say to them?
What do you think of Hiroo Onoda's book 'No surrender' ?
after every post, a message comes that confirms that the post in submitted...believe it is a bot, unknowingly added to ma account. how to deactivate it?
If you could resurrect anyone ever lived on Earth, who would it be?
Ex homeless people of reddit what's the most messed up/experienced? [Serious] [Nsfw]
Redditors with helicopter parents, what's the craziest thing they've done to keep control of you?
What's your schools biggest scandal?
Redditors who only just learned from this post that Kobe Bryant died, where have you been?
Why is hentai music good?
[Serious] What is the worst time to get a Emergency Alert?
Which sport would be the most fun to watch if played drunkenly?
What are some fun PC games that have a great social aspect (with adult players)?
What is a good online resource to learn American Sign Language?
How can the body replicate the feeling of falling if we never fall for that high?
If you had to choose between Skylar White or Wendy Byrde to help you launder money, who would you pick and why?
To those who don’t remove their shoes before entering their house, why do you do this?
What's a question you have for an Indian that you're otherwise not going to ask? [Serious]
What do you think about friendly fire not so friendly?
What was your favorite convenience store or drug store growing up?
What was the real character of yours partner you have been ignoring because being in love but everobody were telling you?
You have the option to stay at one age forever. What age do y'all pick?
How do you know when you're better off as just friends?
Reddit, what weird or interesting conversations have you had with someone who is/used to be homeless?
People who eat cereal, what do you do on mondays?
What is a heart swarming story of a friend/family member/ loved one/ or or yourself that you would like to share but haven’t had the right question posted yet?
What’s the first thing you’re doing when this all blows over?
If the world were to end and you'd only get one last kiss, who would you kiss?
Guys under 20 ft tall, how do you explain to girls that you’re short?
Chefs of reddit, what's the proper way to go about reverse-poaching an egg?
How common or desperate do you think it is to get a giant crush on someone you have only talked to through tinder?
What is the most important thing to hoard and why?
If Bernie Sanders came up to you and asked for financial support,how much would you give?
Your immortal,and can only die in a really weird way,what is your way of dying?
In the midst of all that's currently going on specifically in the US, which profession would you consider the backbone of the country... that if they stop, we're all fucked?
Adults of reddit, since your older and no one asks you anymore, what's your favorite Pokémon?
What is the best game?
To those saying vote blue no matter who. If Trump ran as a Democrat would you vote for him or what would you do?
Time travelers of Reddit what happens after this month?
What movie is better than the book?
What video game is ruined by its community?
[Serious] Asians of reddit, how is your community treating you right now?
What are you currently doing with your LEFT hand?
What makes you confident?
People of Reddit. What made you scream out in public?
People of reddit who think dolls have the ability to move, what makes you think that they have moved?
People of Reddit, what's your comfort food?
Which is better, Billie Joel’s Uptown Girl or the Bee Movie intro dialogue?
Who is still working instead of staying home? And what do you do for work?
[serious] Why was there such a craze for panic buying toilet paper? Why wasn't the most panic buying happening over food?
What's your guilty pleasure movie?
What’s a movie the majority likes but you just can’t understand why?
Non-Native speakers of English , what word is an absolutely nightmare to pronounce?
What are some mistakes picklocking beginners do ?
How would you put “working from home” as an experience in your resume?
Who's your celebrity crush?
When ordering carryout food, do you tip?
You’re given a $1,000,000 budget to create a viral YouTube video. If you fail you die, what do you post?
What is something that given the chance and with no consequences you'd tell your younger self?
What’s the biggest lesson life has taught you?
What’s your favorite online class moment?
What are the legitimate ways you can make $100 in two weeks during these times while having no particular skill?
What’s the your craziest story from being a teenager?
What percentage of your yearly earnings do you have in cash?
You can take the lore of any book, movie, or tv show and put it into the world of any other book, movie, or tv show. What’s the combination that causes the most chaos?
How can someone become better/more efficient at making (even small) decisions?
Reddit, hey, how you doin?
How has 2020 been for you so far?
What are you doing with the excess free time you have now?
What movies made you cry this century?
Crisis Hotline Workers of reddit what’s the one call/text you got that will stick with you for the rest of your life?
Which is Better Yugioh or Hentai?
Your left hand won’t stop twitching, what to do?
Do you guys prefer iced tea or sweet tea more? Why?
[Serious] Redditors that have been on a "date" without realizing it, how did you find out it was supposed to be a date?
Parents of reddit, what's the wost feeling as a parent?
How would society work if we didn't have years or standardized timeframes? How would we perceive age, if at all? How would society be different?
What would you do in isolation waiting for the test result?
If you had to have one statistic about you hanging above your head for everyone to see, what would it be?
What song/artist do you hate the most?
Why does sand hourglasses not get stuck/jammed while flowing through the tiny hole?
People who aren't addicted to caffeine, how do you do it?
We’ve all decided what’s better than sex. What is worse than stepping on a lego?
What is the nicest random act of kindness you've ever seen?
How did you find your partner/SO??
[Serious] What is the least significant thing the Illuminati could do to convince you they’re real?
How did you propose to your significant half?
How does the karma system work?
[Serious]Peppers and survivalists what are your plans when the rest of us are dead?
People of Reddit, what’s the longest daily commute you’ve had to a job?
What weird hobbies do you have?
People of Reddit ,which TV series ,has the worst character inconsistencies?
Whats a movie with a “didn’t see that coming” ending you figured out halfway through the movie?
Men are attracted (oftenly) because of peoples looks but what do women think most attractive in men?
Whith quarentine, what rules no longer apply?
Girls, what’s the strangest thing you’ve used instead of a dildo?
"Where the Wild Things Are" is a good stand-in for the Parable of the Prodigal Son. What other common stories could replace Bible Stories without much change in meaning?
What was the stupidest thing you believed as a young child?
How come you feel no pain when the dentist puts a needle in your gum?
Okay, who the hell is curious sally?
What’s a way of making money during this difficult time?
For those in a happy relationship with their SO, how did you two meet and maintain your relationship?
Women of reddit what relationship advice would you give to young men?
You can jump in videogames, but when was the last time you jumped in real life?
How are your online classes doing?
How would feel about a subreddit or website dedicated to actual discussion about various topics without the existance of memes or pointless no u discussions?
Whats the most you’ve done out of spite?
What do you need to talk about right now?
What seemingly innocuous things will be collectors items years from now?
Solo campers of reddit, what was the most horrifying thing you saw in the woods?
Redditors, what makes you love Animal Crossing?
“Not my name” What do you think about the name sally?
Do you prefer black or white cocaine ? Why ?
Why do boys like girls so much?
You have one hour to spend $100,000, how would you spend it?
How normal is it for an mid 20’s male to have a 40+ body count?
Teens of Reddit, what is the most horrifying dare you've had to do during Truth or Dare?
What really cool thing happened to you in real life when you were asking weird questions on the internet?
What is the scariest animal?
What's the most awkward thing that's happened to you DURING sex?
How long is an appropriate amount of time to wait as society crumbles before making Mad Max style modifications to our vehicles?
Redditors who flirt alot successfully, what's your secret?
How can you become/stay determined and motivated so you can start changing your life for the better?
Child prodigies, where are you now?
Airport employees of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing you have seen somebody trying to get into an airplane with?
Since we can’t go to any bars at the moment, tell us what your pets are currently doing, but refer to them as ‘the drunk guy at the end of the bar’...?
What are some interesting facts related to infinity?
Which year do you think virtual reality will have a real life virtual simulator? Even the feels will be simulated by machines (except for pain). Do you think it's a good idea, and why?
You cant feel pain and have immortal like levels of regeneration,what do you do?
What height would you consider as tall?
Pilots of Reddit: What is the sketchiest thing you’ve had to deal with while flying?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever seen on reddit that still somehow ended up with thousands of upvotes?
Who would be the *worst* fictional character to be in social isolation with?
What is something you do daily that you look forward to every morning when you wake up?
Whats the most embarrassing thing you have seen in public?
Do you guys like coffee or tea more? Why?
Ex-homeless redditors, did you keep a dog as a pet? If so, why?
Who was that person that you were crushing on, but later turned up to be a douche?
When you thought you were just having lunch/dinner with a person, but the other person thought it's a date. How did it unfold?
Photographer’s of reddit what’s the strangest picture someone wanted you to take?
What are some creative synonyms for "food coma"?
Vegans of Reddit, why did you become one and why should others follow you?
How would society be different if people could fly?
When did you accidentally reject your crush because you had self doubt they were actually into you? What ended up happening?
Serious: What is the absolute just plain dumbest thing you have ever seen on Reddit?
The last pic you saved/took is your wallpaper what is it?
Soft or hard tacos and why?
Students of reddit, how is your school compensating for you not being there? What type of modified work are you given?
What necessary global change has been highlighted most due to the current crisis?
Where did you meet the majority of your friends?
What would you like to change about yourself?
What's the worst food to have between two slices of bread?
[Serious] They say math is a universal language. What but directions can one express with this language?
What’s the most memorable thing that’s happened to you on a date?
What’s a good Spotify playlist for work?
What is the first thing you do when you realize you are sleeping or lucid dreaming?
Adults of Reddit, what’s one thing you wish you did as a teenager?
In this time of insanity what is keeping you sane?
Who is someone you met only a few times, but still think about or wonder where they ended up?
What fictional character would you choose to join you in isolation?
What is the most expensive thing you own outright ?
What are your opinions about the Imposter game?
People who asked for the link for “research purposes” what did you conclude from your research?
What are some less well known board/table games to enjoy with our quarantinis?
What are some things you're surprised more people aren't doing?
The United States constitution says that it is our duty to overthrow our government as they are threatening the safety of the people. What does the process for overthrowing the government look like? Can we utilize this extended WFH period to our advantage?
What is one thing everyone should have on their bucket list?
What is the kindest thing a complete stranger has ever done for you?
what do you collect, and what's the crown jewel of your collection?
What's the most common misconception about your country?
Those of you who have been scammed for big sums of money, whats your story?
What's a kinda unwritten rule in your home?
What do you not like about yourself?
What is something you learning about you S.O or family members well being stuck home?
Why are Americans so obsessed with having their dogs on leashes when in other countries minimal leash use works just fine?
People who are working from home and using Zoom or other video conferencing apps, what's the funniest thing you have done or witnessed through it?
If you were to live in a tv show what show would you pick and why?
Redditors who’ve never cheated on a test/assignment, why are you lying?
Soldiers of Reddit, How many Desert Queens have you met or heard of during your service?
Redditors with social anxiety, how do you feel throughout the day?
Which company you think has the best digital marketing strategy in the world?
[Serious] What are your best excuses related to the current outside situation for late submission?
Adults of Reddit, what was your favorite thing about summer as a child?
Holy world’s end! Any suggestions for where to get a bidet at this late date?
Can you convert the direction in which electrons in an atom flow so that the magnetic field in which they create is reversed?
What phrase is guaranteed to get a post to the front page?
Spiders have been around and survived 4 of the mass extinction events, how do we finally eliminate them?
What specific moment caused the loss of your childhood innocence?
What’s your moment where you knew somebody wasn’t lying but you just couldn’t prove it to everybody else?
Big Cat owners of reddit, what has been your experience?
What's the funniest thing you've convinced a sibling (step-sibling, half-sibling, etc) to do?
Why do most politicians look like muppets?
Would you work a 4-day work week if it meant 20% fewer weekly hours, 20% less pay and benefits, and 20% less productivity? Why or why not?
What makes you instantly dislike a person?
If your Reddit username was made into your new super power, what would your new super power be?
What hip hop/trap songs sent you to another dimension?
What is a TV series that pretty much everyone hates but you think is good, and why?
What movies/TV shows are good to binge?
The US government has decided to -- in addition to the bald eagle -- have a land animal as a mascot, and you have been tasked with the pick: what animal do you choose?
Gamers and movie-lovers of Reddit, why are almost every movie based on video games usually suck?
(Serious) Do you believe organized social nudism/naturism is for sexual reasons and why or why not?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
Now that it has been four months how are the new years resolutions holding up?
What's the worst injury you have ever had? How did you get it?
What would you want your SO to do for you if you had one?
What are ten jobs people are working at home and getting paid?
What did you hate learning but are glad you did?
What is something you hold close to your heart?
Peopole of reddit who bought reddit premium, why?
What’s your best grade school story?
What Tv Series are you currently binging on?
What retro products or things do you remember from prior to the 1990's ?
What small subreddit do you like to browse?
Former homeless people of Reddit. If one finds themselves homeless, what’s some advise on getting out?
Are you still using or keeping any items from the 90s or early 20s, if yes then in what condition are those?
What are some good movies that have a “chosen one” character?
What is the best way to waste resources?
What is your worst experience with a entitled parent on vacation?
At what point did you stop giving a s***?
How do guys feel about really small boobs?
What’s a small inconvenience that makes you irrationally mad?
What would you do if you could become invisible?
What thing would you never imagine 10 years ago that is very common nowadays?
What's the most unexpected thing done by someone who you'd least expect them to do?
What’s your 10/10 movie?
Why do you dislike YouTube videos?
Reddit, What's a minor inconvenience that you have yet to find a fix for?
Is there a way in which hiring agents and/or HR can look you up on some kind of HR database to scrutinize you against your actions on a previous hiring process?
What course of action would you take if law enforcement in your area was disbanded?
Indoor smoking used to be everywhere 50 years ago. What will be considered unthinkable 50 years from now?
Anybody else have best friends or a group of friends where you happen to have the same first names? What's it like when y'all hang out?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done to a partner?
What's "stay at home" in your language?
What is the most overrated book of all time?
Who could get looser off a crunk or a funk beat?
[Serious] People who have gone on the Dark Web, what was the worst thing you saw?
People of reddit, what do you think heaven (let's just assume it's real) looks like?
Has anyone ever broken your trust so much that you don't trust people anymore? What's your story?
To all online gamers of reddit what is the most annoying thing when you playing a game online?
What characteristic did you randomly gain or lose overnight?
What’s your YouTube channel called and what do you do on there?
Redditors who work hard daily, what are some sacrifices you'll have to make ?
Cashiers of reddit, what purchases make you judge people?
Redditors who grew up rich, when did you first realize you had more money than your friends?
What is the most RANDOM thing someone has said during a conversation?
People who study and learn languages for fun, what drives you and how do you find people who know the language your learning?
What accent is considered to be most desired/most attractive?
What is the strangest game you played as a child?
What is the best app to read book from Internet Archive ?
What are your best copy pastas?
If you press F to pay respects, what would be the opposite of that?
What food is better the next day?
When it's all over, what do you want inscribed on your tombstone?
The opposite of what you are is your nickname ... so what is it?
What is the best way to leave this world?
What movie was made that much better by its musical score; thinking lord of the rings or interstellar here?
What's your favourite excuse to use when you are trying to get out of a situation?
Those redditors who had or have CORVID-19, what were your symptoms and their progression?
Cops of Reddit what's the craziest thing that a convict has done?