New subreddit. AMA
I just lost my job AMA
I'm addicted to gay findom. Ask me anything.
I will answer something weird to your question. Edit it the comment so the answer is logical. AMA
I went to the exclusion zone near Chernobyl and went into houses opened up for the first time (probably) in years. AMA
In isolation and bored. Ama
Criminal psychopath, the kind you watch on Netflix because "its interesting" AMA
My government has declared dentists to be non-essential and I woke up with my bottom front tooth root fully exposed and can't do anything about it for the next few weeks. I won't answer where I'm from but otherwise, AMA
I have been bullied for half of my life AMA
I am a nurse. AMA
I am an ex-member of the ROBLOX Bypassers/Exploiters community. AMA.
I haven't stepped foot outside my house since 2018. AMA.
I have had the same desktop wallpaper on my PC for five years AMA
I'm a Snake, AMA
I haven't stepped foot outside my house since November 2019 AMA
I was a homeless 16 year old girl, AMA
I Want To Sleep but i cant
I am a profesional diver, ask me anything
I tried to kill myself last night, ama
My father who was beating and verbally abusing me just told me, all my trauma is imaginary. AMA!
I'm a bored as hell mute girl, AMA
I suffered from OCD from the age of 5 (and am now in my 30s) AMA
I suffered from OCD for since I was 5 (and am now in my 30s) - AMA
I have almost no sense of smell AMA
I travelled to the Belarusian border near the Chernobyl disaster and visited the psrer reserve and spend the day there, AMA.
I have a penile prothesis for ED, AMA
I have synesthesia, ama
I'm a furry, ama
Yesterday I almost fainted, AMA
First time seeing this
I walked into a Gateway Store in 2003 and financed the most epic gaming computer of all time, at the time, I was 19.... AMA.
Imagine being a woman and thinking you know anything about cars
I have lived in interesting life I work in the medical field I have COVID-19 and I want to spread awareness so ask me anything ama
I haven’t slept in 5 days. AMA
I accidentally poked my eye two times 30 minutes ago, AMA
Started a social/educational BDSM group in the heartland AMA
28M who does AMAs when bored. AMA
I was an RA in a university residence building and now I’m just a lonely student patrolling my parents house and doing online courses. AMA
Here's how we save society folks! AMA
I did CPR on someone and they lived AMA
I've read doujinshi for 4 hours straight, AMA
I just got hypnotized!
I am a vore fetishist. I dream of being eaten/swallowed alive. AMA
I forage most of the food that I eat which includes mushrooms, plants, and animals. Ask me anything.
I have ADHD, Dyslexia, Asperger’s as well as being clinically depressed ama.
What’s it like to be suicidal during corona virus AMA
I have obsessive compulsive disorder and ADHD AMA
I submitted an online audition for AGT 2020. AMA.
I have an IQ over 140. AMA
Today is my HRT anniversary, AMA.
I almost killed my psychotic father at 13 and I’m emotionally dead AMA
I’ve had the hiccups for over an hour and a half. AMA.
I just committed premarital hand holding. AMA
I have anxiety AND panic disorder, AMA
I am addicted to Coke, AMA.
I am in isolation due to the virus AMA
I live in Canada AMA
I'm a 26 y/o COBOL developer with 11 years of experience. AMA
I painted with soya sauce yesterday. AMA
I will pretend to be Elon Musk, AMA!
I love spiders. AMA.
im very sweaty and listening to carl cox on max volume at 3am AMA
im very sweating and listening to carl cox at 3am AMA
I have hiccups AMA
I’m 13 and smoke weed AMA
I’m a Normal American AMA
How would you convert a jehovas witness who came inside your house in 30 minutes?
I'm a newly religious trans/bi person, AMA!
I was just high for 4 hours straight ama
I was in the system..DCF_HRS from 7 to 12 years old. AMA
I'm a furry AMA
I live in Florida and go to a shitty school AMA
I'm a flat earther AMA
I own a bearded dragon (lizard) AMA
I converted a Jehovah’s Witness to atheism. AMA
I'm high af. AMA
i didn’t know who adam and eve were until i was 13 AMA
Just mad my friend mad over fortnite I think I ended the relationship AMA
I’m that freckle you don’t know you have yet, AMA
Do tips to grow a mustache really exist?
I'm an undergrad math major, bored asf @home, AMA
AMA and then edit it to make me sound like a creep
I’m currently experiencing being high for the first time. AMA!
Used to work in Google, AMA!
was quarantined bc of swine flu in 2009, now quarantined bc of coronavirus in 2020. ama.
I spent the last hour typing a post in TIFU only to accidentally refresh my page and lose everything. AMA
I lost my Grandmother to COVID19, AMA
Iv been abused every way possible, I started abusing drugs and alcohol in 7th grade, became a semi-pro skiier, got sober at 19, joined AA at 20, found Christ through the Catholic church, been married for five years, and now entering professional counseling.
People say I look much lighter than I am, ama
I am a 14 year old trans gal, AMA!
I had a seizure last night. AMA
Im working from home ama
Hello Reddit! I have aphantasia. AMA!
15 year old sophmore in quarantine AMA
I work in a hospital as a contractor ama
My friend (13) was sexually assaulted at my school. ama
I´m a 16-year-old (cis) girl, who is part f the LGBT+ community, who s originally Turkish and Muslim, my dad is homophobic and my mom is supportive. Right now, I am staying home due to Corona, while my GF is 64 miles away {2.45 hour train ride}. Haven't seen her in 3 weeks. Please, feel free to AMA
I like avenged sevenfold. Ama
I’m a veterinarian. AMA
My grandma was the first person in my county to die from covid. Ask me anything. (Trying to inform and help.)
I own and am using a Windows 98 Desktop. AMA!!!
I won 36 million 4 years ago. AMA
I’m a high school senior having the worst year of his life AMA
I’m a caviera main in rainbow six siege, AMA.
I’m drunk rn ask me anything!
AMA
I’m a degenerate gambler and I’m not even of legal gambling age. AMA
AMA and i will be 100% honest, no twisting words to make myself look better
I've killed two people in self-defense AMA
I go to military school ama
I’m a BULL/ALPHA to couples. It means husbands want me to have sex with their wives AMA
I’m 6’2 - have an uncut cock - and always horny lol AMA
I just made a sandwich. Ask me anything
I started becoming attracted to my(21f) roommate(21f) over quarantine. AMA
I'm a 20 year old man that is a leader within a Christian Organization called Chi Alpha at Kent State in Ohio. AMA.
I only care about league of legends ama
My mom is kicking me (fifteen years old) out tomorrow, AMA
Got creampied by multiple cocks tonight and now my panties are soaked. AMA
I’ve had a swollen shut black eye for the past 3 days. AMA
I worked in a betting shop for 2.5 years. AMA
Went to a competition that got cancelled the day before starting.
After over a decade, I finally decided to see a therapist and COVID ruined it
how much you could pay for a group of 10 venezuelan girls that are allways sending videos and pictures naked?
I thought I was gay my entire life but I just met a girl and started dating her, AMA?
I broke up with my live-in partner at the beginning of March. COVID-19 hit, and now we're stuck living together for who knows how long. AMA.
I'm a Vietnamese working in Singapore AMA
I am obsessed with dogs. AMA
15 yr old. high school kid, AMA
I am a young human being writing a post that will never be noticed. AMA
I put milk before cereals AMA
I'm Not Sure But I Might Have COVID - 19 AMA
I am doing an AMA, AMA.
I am from the year 2043. AMA
I’m a UK university student studying Civil engineering during this lockdown and still have to carry on. AMA
AMA then change your question to make me seem like a weirdo
im sick of reddit being filled with stuff about the virus so AMA
I'm a homewrecker. AMA
After thinking I was allergic to peanuts my whole life I recently found out I’m not. Ask me anything
I was hardcore catfish AMA
Dues to Coronavirus i am currently stranded 17,000 km from home. Ama
I'm an Indian. AMA
I’m on the verge of self harming again and I need a distraction so ama
My 9 years old relationship ended four months back and I haven't been able to move on. AMA
[NSFW] 25 year old female sex worker AMA :)
I am debt free! (Besides my mortgage) AMA.
I have no life AMA
So I ran out of pot and I had to search out all the roaches around my apartment and roll a roach bomb. It was the most pathetic roach bomb ever and it was almost impossible to roll because it was so small. AMA
I stabbed myself and survived AMA
I live in the hood AMA
I’m 14 and 6’4 (193cm) AMA
I'm at home and I'm really bored so AMA
I got out of an abusive relationship AMA
28 year old guy. Had a vasectomy 3 months ago AMA
Was shackled and handcuffed when I was arrested. Ama
18f horny and bored; pm me anything under the sun and I have to answer. Surprise me and maybe I'll surpise you!
My best friend commit suicide AMA
I dropped a turd that made my mom vomit AMA
I have 68 Karma, AMA!
I have Depression, ADD, Anxiety, Sleep Paralysis, Night Tourette’s, and I’m an insomniac. AMA
I am a compulsive liar, AMA
Spent a lot of time in a psych ward AMA
I just achieved the Perfect Pop: an entire bag of microwave popcorn, to the last kernel, without burning it. Ask me anything.
I am the mobile user. AMA...
I am a normal spider
I live in the United States. (Ohio.) AMA.
I have tritanopia. Ama
Just spent a week in the nuthouse. AMA
Wanted to paint something but couldn’t find my art stuff, fast forward to 2 hours later and the entire contents of my closet are now dispersed around me room. AMA
I'm a nonbinary individual who's bored in quarantine, AMA
I am an obese middle schooler going into highschool next year AMA
I play guitar with my feet, AMA
I catfish guys on omegle just to see their dicks
Ask me a question and then edit it to make me look bad
My mum chose her abusive boyfriend over me, ama
I want to get the as many downvoted as possible, AMA
I'm a teenage girl living in Israel AMA
Plain american 13 y/o AMA
I have severe Tourette's, and COVID is worsening it. AMA
Wags the Dog: greatest thing ever. You got these two super gay guys in these Star Trek type uniforms. They look like the gay space army. Then this super sassy red haired Irish looking chick comes on and starts rockin out. Real sassy. Then you got Wags himself front and center and he's kickin it. AMA
At home, bored. Ask me anything. 30/F
Seeing a escort for 10 years
What challenges should I do with my girlfriend for our YouTube channel?
I’ve had 2 father figures that were sex offenders. AMA
i am a normal girl ama
I’m a feminist. AMA
It's my very first cake day AMA
I'll give you my opinoin about every song you comment. AMforAnysong
I'm a pizza delivery guy in the middle of a lockdown, AMA!
Im and undefeated middle school football coach and got fired after a karen complained ama
I am your average 22F, ask me anything.
I'm from Argentina, I'm stranded in Mexico because of the covid-19 lockdown in my country, AMA.
I was at the Minneapolis miracle game ama
i’m a girl. ask me anything you want to know about being a female!
It sounds absurd, but I’ve just learned that I’m a prophet of GOD. (GOD is the ultimate reality, but it’s not what you might think)
I have two special needs brothers AMA
I just got out of a nightmare Airbnb situation, AMA!
I'm lonely and miss other adult humans. AMA.
Eating deez nuts planterns ama
I went to high school for 4 years in the ghetto. AMA
I can eat an unlimited amount and never feel full and I'm never hungry. AMA
I'm an identical twin and have 2 young siblings other than that. AMA.
Women of America: Come to Canada, where I shall mount you American pleasure mound and where we together will explore the seven forbidden anal pleasures of Ur. AMA
My GF's family doesn't approve of me so we can't see or talk to each other outside of school. AMA
I am a volunteer for 1 year at the ambulance service AMA
i have aphantasia- AMA
AMA
Lost virginity at the Red Light District.
Im a bipolar schizophrenic trying to live a normal life, ama
I'm killing myself tomorrow at noon, ama
I have herpes AMA.
Anyone who wants to visit russia, AMA
I don’t have covid-19, AMA.
I'm new at Reddit, Ask me anything
My hs bullies are on national tv 4 years later AMA
I feel much better now AMA
Ask me anything you want no limits.
I hate leftists AMA
Me and my boyfriend sell nudes online AMA
I just had explosive diarrhea AMA
COVID19: I'm from a country where measures were introduced immediately after first cases, wearing masks is mandatory and in general the response has been pretty much on point. AMA
Three days ago, I tested positive for COVID-19. Now I’m stuck in bed, too dizzy to get up. AMA
I can lucid dream, AMA
I will make you sound like a heartless monster, AMA
I write scripts for gay porn videos and I've been doing it since 2013. My two biggest hits so far have been Take It In the Ass and Take It In the Ass 7. If you have any questions about script writing, ask away! AMA
I’m in the Army currently on orders dealing with this covid19 shit. Im bored as shit on a break at the moment, AMA
I used to be a delivery guy for a cafetaria. AMA
I am a glitch in the matrix, in the country I live in. AMA
I'm an on again off again self harmer AMA
I have zero compassion for crying babies and want to kick them in the head rather than finding out what's wrong.
I’m Russian teenager and I’m bisexual (lgbt is banned in Russia, that’s a law) AMA
Venezuelan fleeing from socialism, living in Wyoming USA. AMA.
My boyfriend is playing video games and I have nothing to do because everything is closed even parks so I'm bored out of my mind :) AMA
You can ask me anything, AMA!
I have frequent sleep paralisys and i have one tulpa, his name is Anthion.
I'm a teenager with an IQ over 140. AMA!
My Nan recently beat cancer. AMA.
NATO bombed my country when I was four. AMA
Up here in Canada, there's this guy Captain Highliner. He's a total pedo tho. AMA
I am Sebastian Chambers. my comment is currently on the front page of r/doom. AMA.
i dont feel pain or emotion AMA
Ask me Anything, but edit your question so I look like a dick.
Just a normal teen
Stuntman in Hollywood
I just can't imagine living in a fascist totalitarian country like a America which is run by transphobic Nazis whose systemic patriarchal hate machine has murdered literally thousands of trans people. AMA
My grandma who is 83 beat Covid-19 AMA
I am a 15yr old addicted to porn hentai and rule 34, AMA!
GTA VI(CE) - new storyline leaks - AMA
Vet with 25+ years of experience in the field AMA about pets and I'll do my best to answer them!
I train service dogs
I’m a random guy on Reddit ask me anything.
I am the grandson of 2 Holocaust Survivors and very passionate about Holocaust remembrance. AMA
I am being treated for suspected COVID 19. AMA
I MIGHT have covid, AMA
Hello I’m a flight attendant in the US. I’m still working and traveling. I’m currently on a trip, bored in my hotel. AMA.
I work in one of the few schools still running in the United States, which also happens to be a very dangerous school. Ask me anything!
I'm an insider for the popular British TV show, Doctor Who! AMA.
I worked for a market research/survey taking company in a mall for about a month or so as my first job a year ago. AMA
I’m a 23 year old female living a polyamorous love life whilst practicing social isolation AMA
My mom and sister have COVID-19, ama
I live in a psychiatric hospital AMA
I'm a chef AMA
My BF has COVID 19 AMA
I have 4-7 mental health disorders and two pending/possible ones. God I would love to know my own diagnosis better than this... AMA
I'm a freelance producer who's a pot head, moved to the US at 17 and I've seen a lot of shit AMA!
I am a dark web drug dealer AMA
Hello, I'm an indie dev AMA!
I'm potentially gay. Sometimes I'm partially gay. Other times, I'm moderately gay. AMA
Almost 18, living in Syria waiting for this whole COVID-19 thing to die out, AMA!
I woke up to a cat on my bed. I don't have any cats. AMA
Hi! I'm u/realslime87! AMA!
I’m an open book. AMA. I will tell only truths.
I’m an overnight stocker at Walmart during the COVID 19 pandemic. AMA!
I was person of the year in 2006 AMA
At least 1% of people in my town are currently battling with coronavirus. AMA.
I am enjoying the change in life back to basics caused by the pandemic
What are some fun things to do to fight off boredom during lockdown?
My housemate just made me watch the pain Olympics. AMA
I am Canadian AMA
My cats a fuckin asshole. He ripped the arms on my leather couch all to shit and there's little cat hair tumble weeds all over the place. He loves it when he takes a shit and the whole apartment smells like his ass. Sometimes he catches mice and leaves the dead bodies on the carpet. AMA
One year ago I did another ama same thing different time. I'm transgender in a conservative state AMA
I don’t gave COVID-19 AMA
If you could change one thing about the education system, what would it be?
SundAMA! I’m a chef, dad and husband on furlough from Covid! When it comes to food... AMA!
I'm taking a shit. Ama
I'm the used-to-be-burnt guy on r/RoastMe. AMA.
Wags the Dog: greatest thing ever. You got these two super gay guys in these Star Trek type uniforms. They look like the gay space army. Then this super sassy red haired Irish looking chick comes on and starts rockin out. Real sassy. Then you got Wags himself front and center and he's kickin it. AMA
I live in Egypt AMA
I'm a moderator of a public safety roleplay group. Ask me anything!
I will make you feel bad about your question, ama
I'm a screenwriter, AMA
Former neo Nazi,current millionaire (net worth),aspiring writer AMA
I’m about to take a nap but I’ll answer the darkest questions you can think of when I awake from my slumber
I haven't bitten anything and I've been swallowing all my food without biting it for 8 months now AMA
Ive taken 4 gargantuan shits today AMA
I’m the child of a hotel owner, AMA!
I'm tripping balls ama
I’m a 6ft3 transgender woman AMA
I'm a sociopat aMa
AMA and i will answer honestly
STRUGGLES of online dating as an Asian Male
AMA request: someone who spent their childhood at anti abortion protests
I am a Soviet World War 2 Reenactor, AMA
I am extremely empathetic to those I just met and grow apathetic the longer I know someone. AMA.
I'm a sociopat
Sprint Football expert AMA
This whole politically correct thing is really starting to get out of hand. I saw Dick Van Dyke on TV last night. He said he had to change his name to Penis Van Lesbian. AMA
Blind dad, I’m a teen. AMA
All I need is a roll of duct tape and a can of WD-40 and I can fix anything. AMA
I have a duel citizenship AMA
Background: (M12) diagnosed with and prescribed medication for bipolar disorder. (M32) had first “manic” episode. Now I’m a thankful and happy (M34) that doesn’t take any psychiatric medication. AMA!
I like to masturbate in very inappropriate places. AMA
I like to masturbate in very inappropriate places. AMA
I like to masturbate in very inappropriate places. AMA
I like to masturbate in very inappropriate places. AMA
I'm the guy from the Vice credit card scammer documentary ama
I hit my head on the sink very hard and i bled a lot, AMA
I hit my head on the sink very hard and i bled a lot, AMA
I’m drunk on isopropyl alcohol. AMA.
I'm an ex special forces soldier trained in infiltration and marksmanship and has served for 15 years in Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria. AMA
I am currently battling Covid-19 AMA!
My parents transported exotic animals for Joe Exotic. AMA!
Im colour blind AMA
I hold the unofficial record for longest time having a dog lick my face. AMA
I just almost fainted, AMA
I love being myself, AMA.
I used to be part of an extremely clique-y and drama-filled online commentariat/twitter community. AMA.
I have knight in shining armour syndrome, AMA.
Brazilian psychologist specialized in hypnosis and psychobiology. AMA
I think i have the COVID-19, AMA
I'm doing an AMA, AMA!
I'm working at a self isolation resort. Ask me anything!
I’m Siri, AMA!
Ask me any question my friend will answer from his knowledge about me
I'm a trans man, ask me anything
I am a firefighter/EMT in a semi-rural town
My GF of 4 and a half years broke up with me last week, AMA.
Some guy in the Philippines AMA
I am a Canadian ., ask me anything
I've made some very questionable life choices. I stopped having contact at 16 with my parents to move in with a 53 year old. Ama
I used to be the youngest person on Earth. AMA!
I am literally a person AMA
I've just slept 17 hours. AMA
I am a weeaboo and Melanie Martinez fan. Ask me anything.
I used to genuinely enjoy ROBLOX, AMA
I am a rock/metal fan since some years and i love it. AMA
I was straight before I joined the college basketball team. AMA
I am from Kosovo, SERBIA. AMA
I genuinely believe that dragons exist. AMA.
I was at the Cincinnati Zoo when Harambe was shot. AMA!
I have autism but I'm pretty good at hiding it AMA
I'm just a regular teenager being a boring kid in new zealand. AMA
Fellow Europeans! I am a sexpat in Thailand, I have sex with a lot of trans girls. AMA!
I was straight before I started playing basketball, now I'm bi. AMA
I am a mobile gamer and I’m very good AMA
I'm a pathological liar. AMA
I love watching Steven Universe, but I have no one to talk to about it, AMA
24F stripper out of work, bored AMA!
I have Bipolar 1 disorder, am medically retired at 36 and have spent lots of time in psych wards. AMA!
I have negative karma, AMA
Ive been lucid dreaming since I was 5. Started learning how to control/do different things since. Ask me anything
15M AMA
I have lived an extraordinarily odd life. AMA.
I (15M) am an italian student and have been home for the last month. AMA
My life will end soon AMA
I'm still somehow alive, AMA
Currently on my biggest lsd trip of all time and cannot leave my room, t+9, talk to someone who feels like a junkie
Ask me any existential/philosophical questions
ask me absolutely anything, and i will answer honestly. AMA
Im a nihilist ama
I’ve just cancelled my trip of a lifetime thanks to this cunty virus. AMA
I am super high off of kpins weed and addy and will answer anything honestly, 20f
~ AMA.
I will answer every question you have honestly, AMA
You are allowed to ask me one question, i will answer it as honestly as I can.
I’m a 22yr old from Hungary. AMA
There’s nothing special about me. AMA
I’m a former communist AMA
i’m a male
I have no one to talk to. AMA.
I’m a psychopath AMA
I'm 19 and still get spanked at home. AMA
Very Medically Unlucky.. ask me anything!
Cocks are awesome. Ama
I believe people who break quarantine rules and commit crimes should be killed and hung from bridges as warning to others. I would personally volunteer to hang those stupid cunts from the bridges myself. People need to fucking pay with their lives for endangering others. Hang the cunts. AMA
I'm a masochist and officially addicted to any kind of self harm. Ama
I hit backspace to delete a letter on my essay and it reloaded the page deleting about 4 hours worth of work... AMA
Comment anything and I will respond with dark and sarcastic humour. Thanks
I am 16 year old F and hes 19 AMA
I am a 16 year old F and hss 19 ama
I was blackmailed, AMA
I'm a Sociopath AMA
I’m a sports broadcaster, AMA.
I have a tulpa, AMA
I wanna talk to people AMA
It’s my birthday and I’m alone
I once held the title, "Youngest Person in the World" AMA!
Idk why my bf can’t make me come AMA
13 coronavirus predictions for April, the rest of 2020, and beyond. Let's hope they don't come true. AMA
I'm a guy who happens to have A.D.D, AMA.
I am legitimately under investigation/constant view of the worlds top intellegence agencies. ASk Thus Anything.
I run a secret music venue to pay for rent AMA
I have adhd a very bad stutter and an overdose at 13 year old ask me anything
I'm deaf in my right ear, ask me what you want.
I sparked a discernment and have been under the watchful eye of the governments most intellegant agencies for years. AMA.
People have always called me r*tarded, AMA
I'm the artist who killed Mufasa the second time ask me anything
My senior year was cut short due to COVID-19, AMA
I’m a human being AMA
I'm South African. AMA
Hey I am a 15 year old diagnosed with Covid-19!
I have insomnia AMA
I have a rare condition called aplastic anemia its 1 in 3 million and requires a bone marrow transplant ask me anything
I use dawn dish soap for body wash
Ask me anything about music
I'm a gustatory-lexical synesthete -- I can taste words, from proper nouns to adjectives to verbs. AMA
I'm in the top 1% for IQ but people think I'm stupid. AMA.
I’m just a guy honestly AMA
I beat COVID-19 AMA
I used to be homophobic AMA
I'm into BDSM. AMA
I have knight in shining armour syndrome, AMA.
I just got my first worst momma massage. Ask me anything
I'm an atheist who went to Catholic school, AMA
I made a rally in GTA V AND the pacenotes for it, AMA
In the BTS ARMY AMA
I've had tinnitus my whole life. AMA
I'm an atheist. AMA
I made Minecraft. AMA
I'll work with Facebook from tomorrow. AMA
I am otherkin (both angelkin and dollkin), AMA
i have absolutely no friends, AMA
Guys I’ve been sitting on the toilet for at least 30 minutes trying to push this poo out, AMA while I wait here so I don’t get bored!
I pulled a slightly "Eat/Prey/Love" and left my career and lived in South America for 6 months AMA
13 y/o with social anxiety and ADHD, AMA
Line cook
My dad accidently stabbed me in the eye 6 years ago AMA
It’s my cake day AMA
I'm a 23 year old with 5 children, ask me anything!
I am a 27 year old expat locked up in a Hong Kong Government Quarantine Center. AMA
My girlfriend told me to stop complimenting her AMA
I'm a volunteer EMT/Firefighter on call every weekend in a rural smalltown AMA
I am a huge hypochondriac, AMA.
(F) I’ve been a self harmer since I was 15 and struggle with anxiety,emotional abuse effects, verbal abuse affects...AMA
I work as a salesman for an engineering supplies company, I once was at a customer who recognised me from Grindr so he led me into the toilet where I sucked him off. Ama
I thinks it’s good to be selfish. AMA
I’m a former simp, AMA
I’m an identical twin. AMA
What is it with reddit that i cant post anywhere only becaouse I'm new???
i was once the youngest thing in the universe AMA
Diagnosed with multiple personality disorder AMA
I WAS a communist. AMA!
I’m an atheist (ex-Christian), ask me anything.
Redditors who's sex drive is different than your partners how do you make it work?
Just got done whacking it to photos of old women working in the yard, AMA!!
Got a big dick, ama
I’m asexual. AMA
I’m a female who has never blow-dried my hair. AMA
Today's my second cake day! I'm an EMT and full-time college student, AMA!
I'm the prophet Enoch reincarnated, here to answer all of your end-times questions!
I am a 17 year old in a very healthy 1 year relationship,AMA
My cakeday is one day before my birthday. AMA
🌸Greetings humans!🌸
13 Y/O F with ADHD and social anxiety
I am 18 and own over 70 football/soccer jerseys. AMA :)
I was popular in school, ama
I'm a (somewhat) normal highschool student. AMA
I am in love with a midget. AMA
I run a political Instagram account with over 10k followers on Instagram
I gotten my first ever silver award for a comment ama
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder and Schizophrenia. AMA
I’ve had sex but never kissed anyone on the mouth. Ama
My father stole my inheritance. AMA
I had a Donald Trump themed BDay Party AMA
i’m in the shower AMA
Ask me questions and edit them to make me sound like an asshole!
I’m a Christian conservative, AMA!
I have a Reddit follower AMA
I left christianity after I went to Joel Osteen’s church. AMA
I am a paramedic in a very busy city and I am here to answer your questions. AMA
today is my birthday, and also my 29th day in quarantine AMA
I Worked as a Covert Counter-Intelligence Agent - AMA
Foster Pup Got Adopted AMA
I would and am okay if the forests where the Chinese bats came from are burned down and exterminated. AMA
My parents have a net worth of about 8 million dollars. AMA
diagnosed with multiple personalities, AMA
AMA: I’m a CNA at a nursing home!
I had a stay-at-home Dad as a kid, AMA
[Serious] I am a member of the Mormon church. AMA!
panda express just got my order extremely incorrect, AMA.
I am a long haired-male. Ama
I just finished a Lord of the Rings binge watch during this quarantine AMA
I am a guy playing minecraft. Ask me anything
Why does Reddit flag the words Pansexual and Furries for spelling as if they're not real words? Sounds pretty discriminating bro. AMA
I’m British AMA
Bored in self isolation with boyfriend and his friend. Ama
I'm a psychologist in training. AMA.
My mom is a primary care doctor during all of this, AMA
I’m pretty sure my sister in law is involved in a pyramid scheme. AMA
I am a female college student recently diagnosed with Bipolar 1 disorder. AMA
I’m an ex-Self H*rmer and suicide attempt survivor. AMA
I am a black, gay, female that lives in America. Ask me anything
Just lost my Aunt to corona and looking for distractions, AMA.
I’m a lonely writer/artist AMA
I am Mormon (Member of the church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints) (LDS) AMA
I have schizophrenia AMA.
Im still making dumb solutions to problems thet work, AMA
Pharmacy worker a ferry ride away from Seattle AMA
I’m the only one in my house during quarantine AMA.
I am extremely Suicidal AMA
I finally ended things with my dad after him robocalling me, AMA
I work in the horse racing industry AMA
I'm a personal trainer - AMA
I have gone my whole life people telling me I look Jewish. Turns out I am. AMA
Today is my(24F) real life cake day (birthday) AMA
I just need to distract myself. Please ask me anything, literally anything
Im a 17 Year old who was born with a birth defect hardly anyone knows about, AMA!
my first cake day, and in lockdown! ask me anything.
I'm a goth girl and a wiccan who lives in the south. AMA
About a week ago I got confirmation that I no longer have covid-19 AMA
Does this ever happen to you?
I am and eSeNtIaL employee in at a multibillion dollar US company that is still operating in the middle of an international pandemic AMA
I’m a cosplayer/fursuiter AMA!
20 something who chooses to wear diapers 24/7 but not as an adult baby AMA
I have developed a system that allows me to answer any metaphysical or epistemological question coherently.
I was a pedophile’s victim. ama
I am a male prostitute AMA
I have high functioning asperger's syndrome AMA
Quarantined in Italy. AMA
I am a 25 year old english scholar mild-poly addict (opiods and cocaine with daily weed) AMA
In the past year I've faced my abusive ex, cut off ties with a toxic friend, and grown stronger through every bit of it. AMA
When I was eight I tried to commit suicide AMA
I’m an over the road truck driver. AMA.
Wtf is wrong with me I feel sad because I jus found out a porn star died years ago nsfw ama
I'm drunk and I'm Irish AMA
I have Severe OCD AMA
AMA Request: Johnny Sins, famous Doctor, Policeman, Firefighter, and School Teacher.
I (M20) once watched my parents having sex
I’m the daughter of a man who’s affected by pathological narcissistic personality disorder AMA
I'm about to get high AMA
A girl just got angry at me for not flirting with her - AMA
I am Super Genius. I support Joe Biden- that's how you can tell I'm a genius. AMA
I am nearsighted. AMA
I’ve never been sick in my life and I’ve never had a headache, AMA
My kink is going on dating apps and having super dull convos to see how long they will last. Ama
I am an identical twin AMA
Hearing problems
I will answer every question honestly no matter what. AMA
I was sectioned under the mental health act for 6 months. AMA
I was born with glass bones and paperskin AMA
I’m a nurse on a COVID unit, AMA
I just got stung by a rogue wasp sitting on my couch in my basement while browsing reddit. AMA
I am red pill AMA
I am unemployed an I’ve been imagining that when this is all done and I go back to work everyone will have an Australian accent. AMA
Karma???
Trough years of research i have uncovered many secrets of this world and life. AMA
I got out of prison a year ago today AMA
I am a female, AMA
Two trans-masculine people dating for 1.5 years. AMA (AUA)
I'm bored. That's it. Ama
I almost got kidnapped when I was 3 AMA
i spent 3 years of my life mainly sleeping AMA
I’m a Registered Nurse in Seattle at a prominent hospital who has worked with critically ill Covid 19 patients. Ask me anything. (Must obey HIPAA)
Try to guess my occupation. AMA
Eating breakfast ama
I have over 100 allergies. AMA
My dad spent 20 years insulting my mother now I dont talk to him anymore AMA
i dont get offended by anything, AMA
I don’t think BTS is talented, AMA
I’m an “essential worker”. AMA.
I’m a 21 year old guy who doesn’t play video games AMA
I Dated A Sex Addict, AMA
AMA request: Someone working at a retail store, or customer witnessing another trying to return popular hoarding items.
Lost $30 000 creating a nootropics supplement business
I just discovered I have aphantasia, AMA
I seduced my stepdad. We never talked about it out loud and I’ve never told anyone. He’s dead and now I have a lot of mixed feelings. AMA.
I'm an essential employee interacting with hundreds of people a day in a town with several COVID-19 cases. AMA
I lost 21kg AMA
I'm currently hooked up to a plasma donation machine ama
I have adhd, I'm autistic, bi, and non-binary. AMA
My crush just outed herself as bi. So now I have to compete against literally everyone... AMA
15 yr old Mexican-American Sophomore, AMA
Currently ending week 5 of no human contact and social distancing, AMA
I will never need to experience sex because porn feels so good. AMA
I started an online business AMA
I was once the youngest person on earth AMA
I developed a system to turn waste plastic into oil, AMA
I’m moving today during the pandemic, there’s snow in the forecast, and it’s my cake day. AMA!
After 3 years on Reddit, the "randomness" of my post history has become truly ridiculous. Feel free to take a peek and AMA!
AMA but I’ll never respond to anything you say because fuck you
Self isolation for 2 weeks - ama
I’m 15 year old from Poland and I’m really bored AMA
I (19F) have done nude and clothed art modeling, AMA!
I am a successful 16 year old ecommerce entrepreneur. AMA.
AMA but I’ll only respond with something out of context
I’m you regular average joe fifteen year old on the internet. AMA
I'm a total Virgin, ama.
I am a Minecraft YouTuber. AMA
It's my birthday today! AMA!
Im a redditor AMA
People of reddit,I am a child who you could say has an amazing life. I am very smart,my grandfather owns a store,and I have a lot of devices. Ask Me Anything
I am currently tripping on 10 tabs of acid AMA :^)
Im a 21 year old opiate addict in recovery. Going through addiction for several years, today I'm one year sober! I've been through multiple rehab programs and many more trials, finally getting it right and emerging from the fog. AMA!
I think that AMA then edit your question posts should be banned because there is another sub dedicated to this, AMA.
AMA, and then edit your reply to make me sound like a horrible person
I’m a senior in highschool, which now everything has been canceled; prom, class night, senior trip, track season, and now possibly graduation. All classes are moved online. AMA
All of my friends used to have a crush on my mum
Fervent Biden supporter
I'm about to launch a global collaborative photo project #CovidPhotoProject to showcase the positive and negative impacts of the pandemic AMA
I have a service dog due to Severe depression and c-PTSD. My extended family doesnt know, just my husband and kids.
I am at the moment trying to beat suicidal depression again. AMA!
I am asexual, AMA!
I am a 14 year old atheist AMA
AMA for being sad about my minor problems?
I'm a legal immigrant ask me anything
I spent my 21st alone yesterday. AMA
I will get offended by anything you say. AMA
Working High Fashion Model AMA Personal, Lifestyle, Industry
It’s my cakeday!, AMA
I don't wash my hands after I goto the bathroom. AMA
At 21, a boyfriend introduced me as Mr. 8-Incher to his friends because of my large penis. The nickname has followed me for twenty years. AMA.
I am a 16 year old athlete who is in the quarantine, AMA
Im trying to find a reason to live AMA
I have 8 desk of cards AMA
Ive been 22 days in quarentine. AMA
I have a dissociative identity disorder. I will be glad your questions
I'm an 18 yr from Canada. AMA
Stealing this from u/sifsand AMA then edit it so I look stupid
i am Scottish, ask me anything
I easily plug my phone at my first attempt when I'm laying on my bed AMA
I catfish my bully from a fake girls account. AMA
I pranked my ex who cheated on me with my ex AMA
I’m depressed &amp; lonely. AMA
I thought we were all in this together. I tried to make friends and this guy called me a penis. Up here in Canada, people are nice. Americans are all a bunch of poopy pants. AMA
Pizza or chicken
Had worst day ever worry all day about if the corona virus is gonna get my family I’m still clueless what to do after getting fired and I punched a gay guy because I Thought he was looking at my ass he wasn’t he was looking at his phone I noticed after I put all the momentum into the punch AMA
Now accepting: personal questions, random questions, odd questions, creepy questions, any kind, ama.
am human not octopus, AMA
Jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge AMA
I am a new EMT [obtained my certification September 2019] currently working on an ambulance in a semi-urban area. AMA!
I'm autistic. AMA.
i m a living human, AMA
My wedding was supposed to be today. AMA.
I'm a 17y/o from Australia. AMA
I’m a doctor, bored at home cos I’m on reserve this week. AMA
I'm addicted to methamphetamine (Ice). Ask me anything
I am a 25yo bored male. AMA PLEASE
I don't like AMA anymore. I made a post yesterday about my grandfather because I wanted to make friends on the internet and I was treated like I was some kind of common street homosexual. Everybody made fun of me and one guy called me a penis. AMA
I know someone wanted by the hells angels. Ama
Let's play this or that. AMA
Im a bored, Albanian f with nothing to do. ama.
I'm isolating in quarantine and I'm going mental. AMA
I'm hated by women. AMA
Ask me literally anything and I will give you an answer to it. Anything.
I’m a Minecraft YouTuber. AMA
My childhood dream was to be a funeral director, AMA
I dox people AMA
Straight white teenage male in need of interaction, AMA
I use Methamphetamine as a substitute for Adderall AMA
I am a 20 f plagued with nightmares almost every night of my life Ama
I am a furry AMA.
What's a European issue you are too American to understand?
What's A European Issue You Are Too American To Understand?
Im bored AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look like a lunatic.
im drunk for the first time
I don’t find that many good friends AMA
I've been on reddit for a year and i barely have any karma. AMA
I am a burlesque dancer, ask me anything.
Just completed Danganronpa V3 a few days ago, AMA.
I'm a 20 year old researcher (got a paper published in a Springer Journal on the topic of an encryption device that I invented). AMA!
I'm 14 Ask me literally anything.
I will answer whatever the fuck you ask
I’m a grocery store worker during the pandemic. AMA
A 23 Year Old Identical Twin (Male) AMA
New to reddit, excited to get started, AMA!
I'm taking a dump AMA
I absolutely adore and love insects, bugs, spiders and etc. AMA
I was addicted to cutting from ages 11-16, AMA
Im a 19yo Colombian, studying engineering with a full ride merit scholarship and this is my first cakeday. AMA!
I am drinking pure lemon juice, AMA
Accutane gave me long term serious chronic bodywide pain..after I stopped it. AMA
I am a male of the human species, AMA
Quarantine is getting boring so lets just chat about random things in the comments
I have severe abandonment trauma and self sabotaging behaviors which makes potential romantic partners leave me, AMA
I went to a party during quarantine. AMA
Embarrassed but need enough karma to post for help on r/assistance. Floridian here, AMA!
I have Eagle-Barrett’s Syndrome. Ask me anything.
If I’m not a psychopath, I’m otherwise an apathetic asshole AMA
Am human, AMA.
I was Baker Acted for as long as legally possible (just shy of 10 days) against my will. AMA
Miserable s***head who relapsed.
I got a new phone and all my karma disappeared. AMA
I suffer from anxiety, depression and also have ADHD. This quarantine made me spiral. AMA
Methods to reduce stressed
I am more than 13 billion years old AMA
I'm a gay trans vegetarian (not vegan) trump supporter who believes in womens rights, LGBTQ+ rights, border security, strick immigration and western values. AMA.
I am an angsty fifteen year old and will smart talk any question. AMA.
I'm a straight guy who chose to live with a gay man who'd throw drug fueled orgies every other weekend! AMA!
I am a communist AMA
I'm a Chef/Owner of a restaurant in Hawaii, 26yr old, opened 2 years ago. We now sell face masks. Over 1000 matches on Tinder. AMA
I'm a Chef/Owner of a restaurant in Hawaii, 26yr old, opened 2 years ago. We now sell face masks. AMA
I'm a Chef/Owner of a restaurant in Hawaii, 26yr old, opened 2 years ago. We now sell face masks. AMA
I'm not very interesting but I want attention anyway so ama
My country went to lockdown 2 days before my first day of work on my very first job AMA
I am unable to feel emotion, AMA
My life story is one for the books abused at a young age, addict, taking care of my family with all my money, have COVOD-19, the list goes on ama
I currently am mentally dying and I don’t know what to do with my life AMA if you want
I'm gay ama
I have panic attacks every day. Ask Me Anything.
It’s 3 AM and I’m browsing reddit. I’d like to share some life stories with anons. AMA
I work at McDonald's during covid-19 outbreak AMA
im a remote worker stuck in vietnam due to COVID-19. AMA
I down vote pics of assholes
I was considered an artistic prodigy in painting and sculpture throughout my childhood. I'm now an adult who is considered a "failed" artist. AMA.
When me and my fiance started to live together we had barely enough to pay rent and buy some food, 5 years later we are among 20% of the richest in my country, AMA!
I think I'm going to buy a Nintendo Switch ama
I'm a Staunch Monarchist, AMA
I’m not very good at baking but I really want to get good. AMA
When me and my fiance started to live together we didn't had money to afford food. Now 5 years later, we are among 20% of the richest in my country, AMA!
I can't sleep! Ask me anything? [F]
I'm super anxious AMA
High Functioning Asperger’s Syndrome 20 male, AMA
I just drank 8 cups of strong coffee AMA
I Have Strong Opinions About Everything. AMA
I was banned from r/wtf
StuntPerformer in LA
I have been banned for a churches chicken. AMA
I work in a church as a worship leader AMA
I'm considered "essential" and have been working since the Pandemic started, AMA
I’m graduating from a maritime academy and going to sea to sail on cargo ships and cruise ships! AMA
Bored beat maker so please AMA
I'm a girl in my 20s drinking alone, wanna play a game? AMA
Friend group of 10 years. Starting to think they're holding me back from my potential. Do I ditch my best friends to progress myself. Or is their some other way??
I have Autism and ADHD (Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder) AMA
i'm covered in kombucha and i have no more patreon
I'm Daisy the Cow. AMA
I'm a 18 male virgin
I just got done watching Saving Private Ryan for the first time and really need that to not be the last thing I do/see before sleeping, plz AMA
I’m a average 14 y/o girl with nothing to do but browse reddit ama
I am a college student at the end of my 3rd year. AMA
I draw, a ton, I consider my self to be a lower-intermediate level artist, ama.
im a male victim of sexual assault AMA
I’m in an area where there’s the most cases in my state (Texas) AMA
I am a conservative jew AMA
I am the Holiest Rat Cube, you shall receive the answers you seek
Redditors who feel fulfilled in their lives, and have little to no regrets, what is it that you've done?
My parents found my social media ama
Me and my friend (both F20) are bored. Ask us anything!
[NSFW] I am a gay man who has had sex with 800+ men
I live in the state of New York. My county has 13,000 cases of Covid-19 AMA
I’m in a heterosexual relationship with a gay porn star... AMA
21 year old guy who dies the play video games AMA
MY DAD STILL LOVES ME! AMA!
I watched YouTube for 90 hours in one week. AMA
I’m addicted to golf
I'm a 16F getting very close with a a 23M ask me anything
I was a depressed, antisocial, and socially awkward teenager, until I turned my life 180° over in one year, AMA
I’m a Black Highschool Student, AMA
I'm goth (F) AMA.
I’m very paranoid all the time, AMA
Communist Great Uncle
I just had dinner ask me anything
Uh where do I find?
I'm a Korean 18yo high school student ama
Eating lightly salted peanuts ama
I’m a junkrat main! AMA!
I finished pornhub. All of it. AMA
I live in a 3rd world country and the thought of Covid-19 terrifies me AMA
I don’t think I’m ever going to sleep again, AMA.
20f, shitfaced, and just got my dream vibrator! AMA
When I was a teen my friend would give me blowjobs AMA
i’m a little/ageregresser AMA
Im an EMT doing my best in this pandemic AMA
I am black ama
I'm currently a Law Student with ADHD (diagnosed 1 year ago) and failed my previous degree for 3 years in a row. AMA
I was a working student. AMA
I almost got kidnapped when I was 3 AMA
I’m bored, currently sheltered in, and live in the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak (NYC) AMA
I'm a Guyanese/Trinidadian living in the Caribbean. Ama
Hi Reddit! I am a soldier of Lithuanian armed forces. AMA
My dad killed himself when I was 16. AMA
I’m 16F and putting myself through school after being kicked out. AMA
Im bisexual ama
I Am A Diagnosed Psychopath
AMA but edit your question to make me sound racist
I’m a suicidal 13yo ama
I just got promoted to “chef” in a Roblox game
Feeling very depressed. Need to get my mind on something else. AMA.
I began my dream job a few months ago but got laid off a few days ago because of the Coronavirus AMA
i have 80,000 followers on tiktok for some reason AMA
I will reply to your comment with one word I feel describes you best from one look at your Reddit page.
I can solve a Rubik’s cube in under 30 seconds AMA
AMA but edit my answers to make me sound racist.
I work for a company that makes Covid 19 testing kits AMA!
I've gotten kicked out from the same school twice. AMA.
I will disagree with everything you say, and come with a valid point for my disagreement. AMA
I saw a ghost.
Guy who just got furloughed, but am in high spirits!
I (15F) like a girl. Ama
I would like to get a tattoo, but I don't think I am ready for one, AMA!
Bored hotwife AMA
I require glasses to see and am long sighted, AMA!
I am quarantined in texas as per law i am doing this for pure boredom ama
I am bored and looking for conversation, AMA!
My bestfriend is a multimillionaire AMA
I've lost more than $20 million dollars due to the impact of covid19 in stocks, AMA.
I have a pet rooster AMA
Despite COVID-19 lockdown, I work full-time delivering with tons of human contact - AMA
Ask a sex worker you wildest questions
19f on a long roadtrip and bored. a gamer, have mental health issues, childhood trauma and am a sub AMA
19f on a long roadtrip and bored. a gamer, have mental health issues, childhood trauma and am a sub AMA
I left an emotional and physical abusive relationship AMA
My mother has COVID-19 AMA
I have extreme cardiophobia. AMA
A girl who was abducted by her boyfriend for the past 7-9 days just ran up to me at my back door. Had the cops over in no time, and shortly were after dat asssss. AMA
I am totally a human. Ask me anything, Reddit!
I am a very cheap and lazy guy ask me
Ama and ill respond with wrong answer only
I used to be a pizza delivery driver, AMA
I carried twins as a gestational surrogate. AMA
I've been working from home since the pandemic. AMA
I just won a game of monopoly against 4 people. AMA
I’m bored of boring AMA’s AMA
My mom gets pissed at me for the most minor of things, AMA.
I'm bored ama im 15 M and a highschool basketball player
I'm bored ama
I am a regular 15 y.o Brazilian boy that lives in the city of Rio de Janeiro. Ask me anything
Im a guy stuck in Georgia due to the governors stay at home order. AMA
I will get offended by anything you ask me and explain why it’s offensive, AMA.
I’m Drunk, AMA
AMA I'll respond to your questions in only one word.
AMA and I respond with a question
I earn €500 a month, my rent is €480. I live in a 3 bedroom house by myself, live off five euro a week, and smoke a lot of weed. Ama!
My friend is on a famous cooking show. AMA
I just got back into Roblox after about a year of not playing it AMA
I'm awesome as hell. Ask me anything
Just woke up, have a crazy amount of uni work to do, but I probably will spend today playing games anyways, AMA
I'm the answer questioner, answer me anything!
My ex is convinced I cheated on him and is now "seeking vengeance" Ama
I'm a questioner answerer, ama!
An idiot at Walmart just coughed in my face AMA
I have 4k karma. AMA
I work in a grocery store Butcher shop, watching everyone ignore social distancing. Ask my anything!
I see words and hear music in color. AMA
I have been on the Keto Diet for 3 months and have lost 47 pounds. AMA.
I stay inside and only go out when it is needed because I’m a good citizen and don’t want to help spread the virus. AMA
I live in NYC, the apparent epicenter of Codvid. I'm a bit bored right now so, AMA!
In a hotel room, because my now ex bf threw a full beer can at me bruising my arm and I’m sick of the abuse. AMA
I am a teenager with four different psychiatric disorders ask me anything.
Hi. I have Aphantasia. AMA!
This will be my final day using social media AMA
I'm a slut because it's the only way I ever get any attention. AMA
Thanks, I hate to say this is the best Hacking service on Reddit AMA
I'm a Introvert with 0 skill points in socializing AMA
I know what is going to happen in the future. AMA
Ama about Kotor
Im a 11 year old boy ama
I'm a transgender woman in the UK AMA
I am a 21 year old guy with mild Synesthesia
I have been clinically diagnosed with Autism, ADHD, Aspergers, and Anxiety, AMA.
Dealing with a hard breakup, AMA
Just ask me questions.
I'm a black albino midget hermaphrodite with six fingers on each hand and six toes on each foot. AMA!
I think the Wii was underdeveloped based on its time and possibility. AMA
was just diagnosed with covid-19. AMA.
i have succesfully done nothing in my entire life. AMA
Give me scenarios, and I will give you my moral decision.
Semi-professional gamer. AMA
I want to have hve sex with tzuyu from korea so bad. AMA
I’m drinking every time my S.O. fake laughs on their virtual happy hour AMA
Scouring the depths of reddit has becomea Job that doesent pay during these corona times ama
I grew up away from parents AMA
I'm a new twitch streamer AMA.
I am on a roll, went from 20€ to 1000€ in the casino yesterday, at 8000€ today. AMA
I'm a world class footballer (soccer) AMA
I am a husband, father of 3 teenagers, my wife was laid off, I'm on 50% salary, volunteer coach (past), volunteer Scout leader (current), just doing our best during a crazy time. Ask me anything!
I am a Chaotic Neutral Male. Give me scenarios and I'll give you my moral decision.
My imaginary world is better than my life. AMA
I like eating toast AMA
I am a boring normal guy AMA
I'm a virgin (M22). AMA
I own 11 chickens AMA!
Currently listening 80s classics, AMA!
I hope that I die of corona, ama
My ex cheated on me and now im going to start the slow process of ruining every relationship she has and leaving her totally alone to make her feel as worthless as she made me, ama
My country has 11 official languages AMA
Leave a question (or just a comment!) on this post &amp; I'll respond with my impression of you based on your profile. AMA
I want to abort a baby in the next few months AMA
I am 2 months smoke free AMA!
I think my house is “haunted” ama
I'm metalworker/welder
I skipped a grade and plan on skipping another, AMA.
I am intereted in physics and mathematics, in high school, play minecraft and drink a lot of water AMA
I act as a guarantor, more than 100 successful transactions
I’m a Muslim, AMA
Tonight will be the 23rd night we've been bugged out &amp; totally self sufficient.
I create, buy and sell Instagram accounts for a living. AMA.
I have been caught masturbating multiple times AMA
25 m British-born North-Indian millionaire, AMA.
I am a native Utahn Mormon (28M)(member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints), AMA. Ask me anything!
i have no genitalia ama
I Think Having Children Is Morally Wrong - AMA
I am NOT Bill Gates AMA
I'm a boring bi girl from Norway. AMA
I regularly attend sex parties and I also work at one - what do you want to know?
I have been to Ireland 4 times in a single year, AMA!
I'm the daughter of a Neo-Nazi and the sister of a would-be school shooter AMA
I'm Canadian and just saw a moose for the first time ever. AMA
I’m a hunter, grew up on a farm but now I live in a big city AMA.
I just heard my brother cough and yesterday he was playing with another person's family while we're supposed to avoid people at all costs. AMA
I will get offended by anything you ask
I am a key worker in the UK. AMA.
I'm a janitor, AMA
I know how to slove a rubicks cube AMA
I am ugly, Asian and bored. AMA
I was a student at Emma E. Booker Elementary when George W. Bush read to us on 9/11 (AMA)
I'm new here AMA
I'm a regular German dude living a boring life in Hamburg AMA
I'm a "normal" 17 year old,ama
I know how to slove a Rubik's cube ama
I am transsexual. AMA.
I am a gamer AMA
I'm a regular 17 year old girl. AMA
GF spent a week at exes to be with her kid and thinks I believe nothing happened, AMA
Hey all! I am 15 year old that recently was diagnosed with coronavirus!
I have been working at McDonald’s for just over 6 months. AMA.
I live in Mexico, AMA
Im a photographer, AMA
I’m unimportant but I’ve always wanted to do an AMA, so.. AMA
My dad is 100% white, my mom is 75% white and 25% Indian. However, my little brother and I look 100% Indian.
I am a Bisexual guy, Ask Me Anything
I am a commercial real estate broker and property owner that has focused on the small business community for the last 7 years. If you’ve been impacted by COVID-19 and have questions about your lease, AMA!
I have been first-hand experienced many near-death situations. Ask me anything
I was a security guard at a major hospital (trauma unit &amp; ER) for 5 years, in a very rough area in California. Ask me Anything.
I work at a Walmart during Covid-19
I hate seeing others succeed AMA
I am a person that can lucid dream every night if I want to. AMA
Been awake since 1:32am PST
Indonesian 15 years old teenager looking for questions
I’ll answer your questions no matter how fucked they are. AMA!
I had verbally and physically abusive parents but now they are only verbally abusive AMA
Africa in trouble
I'm dead inside ama
i am a normal guy ama
Female nature.
Stuntman In Hollywood
I don’t think the coronavirus is as serious as the media and governments make it out to be AMA
I have a really weird life. Ask me anything.
Son of Czech pornstar here AMA
I am 14 and I have been to 3 System Of A Down concerts and 2 Havok concerts. AMA.
I am a teenager living in the worst region of Russia, I will answer all your questions.
I am not a normal guy. Ask questions and see what you can guess about my life. AMA
My Aunts entire family of 6 has had COVID-19 for the past 18 days *AMA*
I’m a current college senior w/ two jobs AMA
I'm a 13 and I belive in socialisam AMA.
i had an overdose at age 13 ask me anything
I am a woman who recently had a breast reduction.
Im the most unregular guy you will every speak too. AMA
I just completed my first ever Threesome, AMA
I’m a car salesman AMA
I have Grapheme-Color Synesthesia, and I see the color of words and numbers. AMA!
Cake Day
My left leg was amputated at age 8 after a gory road accident AMA
As One Exotic Dancer And Bisexual, I Have Been Both A Sugar Baby &amp; Sugar Mommy 👽🌎 I Present To You My Experience and AMA session
I lost my nail. AMA
I am a recovered heroin addict (clean since July 2016) and a ‘FTM’ transgender man. AMA
Im in a voice chat with 4 other complete retards ask us anything AMA
I am an 18 year old who cheats in popular games like Call Of Duty. Currently cheating in warzone. Ask me anything.
AMA but I respond to all your questions by copy-pasting the Declaration of Independence
I am a bowl of cinnamon toast crunch, AMA
I let the dogs out ask me anything
I'm from Russia, AMA.
I really wanna talk to someone, this quarantine has made me lonely. AMA.
I am a normal girl AMA!
I was raped and abused sexually by my dad's friend, AMA.
I am a normal person AMA also I need that video of sal vulcano with happy Valentine’s Day and I’m at a pay phone playing in the background please I beg you
I can predict what will happen this year and so on. AMA, also i'm a robot.
i am also a normal guy
I've only every worked doing customer support
My beloved string pet for a science experiment is now an amputee. ama
I’m a regular Japanese dude living in Tokyo atm. AMA
I’m a normal kid AMA
I am a medical laboratory scientist performing COVID-19 testing. AMA
Im allergic to caffeine AMA
I am a florida man ama
I am a high school student in Hong Kong who got the public exam delayed due to the CCP virus
I have no discernible skills whatsoever, and am right below average with everything I do. AMA
I 6 mental disorders AMA
I just brushed my teeth and then drank orange juice. AMA
When I was six, my parents died in a car crash. I was then taken in and raised by my Vietnam Vet grandfather who was a complete loner and had by that time lived by himself for many years. He had some very strange ideas about how to raise me. AMA
When I was six, my parents died in a car crash. I was then taken in and raised by my Vietnam Vet grandfather who was a complete loner and had by that time lived by himself for many years. He had some very strange ideas about how to raise me. AMA
When I was six, my parents died in a car crash. I was then taken in and raised by my Vietnam Vet grandfather who was a complete loner and had by that time lived by himself for many years. He had some very strange ideas about how to raise me. AMA
I am a server who lost both of their jobs due to coronavirus and is now quarantined at home with their ex. AMA!
I’m considered essential, I work for a custom home builder. AMA
I’ve been playing chess for 10 years.
When I was six, my parents died in a car crash. I was then taken in and raised by my Vietnam Vet grandfather who was a complete loner and had by that time lived by himself for many years. He had some very strange ideas about how to raise me. AMA
I'm a programmer. I will code whatever you want
My cake day was a month and a half ago and I didnt care or posted anything about it AMA
I'm a regular person in quarantine AMA
I was just banned from reddit for 3 days and perm banned from r/memes AMA
I have bad eczema and from uk. AMA
I am a manager at an RTA (Regional Transportation Authorty) working through the pandemic in the US. AMA
I’m doing this AMA instead of work AMA
I was once the youngest person in the world, AMA.
Just a thought of what happend
I got permanently banned from r/feminism AMA!
I live in NYC, the epicenter of the coronavirus in America. AMA.
I’ve had PTSD for most of my life AMA
I’m 38/m with Spina Bifida and currently sheltered in place. AMA
Tick on my Dick
I work as customer support for Epic Games, AMA!
I was close to death like 2 times.AMA
I'll answer your "I don't need sleep, I need answers." Questions. AMA.
I believed in the Greek Gods until I was 12. AMA!
I work in a grocery store, we’re still out of everything. AMA!
I’m the proud father of two miracle babies. My infant daughter had surgery this week at a Boston hospital and my wife is there with her in the ICU during this COVID-19 pandemic as only one parent can stay with her. AMA!
42, F, Brazilian, bored... AMA
I left my ex girlfriend and have been dating her Grandmother for over a year AMA
I am autistic, think I might be non-binary and live in the Netherlands. AMA
I'm Shane Darling, a college graduate who writes, creates what some consider cringy and dark electronic music. I'm also a painter and a writer who lives in a small town. I'm gay, poor, single, and actually a good person with bipolar and psychosis. AMA
I am a hobbyist lockpicker, I can open pretty much any locks and I specialize in defeating high-security locks. AMA!
I'm more of a survival of the fittest type and have no compassion for businesses going down, large or small. If you don't have a couple months in reserves, did you even have a "successful" business in the first place or were you just living out a dream? Ask me about my lack of empathy...
I'm more of a survival of the fittest type and have zero compassion for businesses going down small or large. If you don't have a couple months worth of reserves, did you even have a "successful" business in the first place or were you living out a dream? Ask me about my lack of empathy...
I am a real life Nigerian prince. AMA
I am from Czech Republic. AMA
I Worked with the RFS to control fires in Australia (New South Wales) AMA
I’m a transgender dude AMA
I’m French and I’ve more than 180 IQ, multiple personalities, depression and other things... AMA
I'm a Syrian living in Saudi Arabia, AMA
Teen thats born 1 week away from being put back a year in school,because of that I struggled in school. AMA
I'm a "real life yandere", AMA!
I have an eyesight of 20/200 (aka legally blind). Ask me anything!
I'm under quarantine in my home from my family for the next two weeks, with a tiny window to look out of and dream of being outside again, AMA
22M stoner since I was 13 AMA
My ancestors are from China. I am now a citizen in Malaysia. AMA
Hello, I the ghost of Andrew Carnegie. AMA.
I have Ordinal linguistic personification, a type of synesthesia where letters and numbers have genders. AMA!
Atheist in a Religious Country
I work at an animal shelter AMA
Indian dude , 24 M , AMA ! (Not the show bobs and Vagene kinda guy )
I am a Kid who is born in the Netherlands and who is proud to be Dutch. AMA
I’m 19F and my life has fallen apart in every way. AMA
I haven't left the house for a week. AMA
I am on a run, yesterday I made 1000€ with poker and today I made 8000€ out of that money, thats more than I earn a year. AMA
I am a minor and a video of my dick got leaked to the whole school ama
I got 35 views on my first video in 2 hours. AMA
I am a normal junior in hs that has chronic cephalgia (or migraines). Anything you would ever want to know about migraines or chronic pain in general, I can probably answer. AMA
I work for an essential business that people could live without. AMA
I just ended a friendship full of lies, manipulation and shit talking AMA!
I am in recovery from alcohol. AMA
I was emotionally abused for the past 5 years of my life. AMA
I’m an 18-year-old male of half-Irish, half-Dutch Afrikaner heritage. AMA!
I am an 18 year old guy currently in lockdown in UK - AMA
Im broke and hungry AMA!
Im broke and hungry AMA!
18 year old regular/ bored female, I stream video games for a living AMA
I’m a man who does not enjoy sex ama
I am a regular Teenager from Austria, AMA
99% ppl I know IRL are normies who have almost no knowledge of internet culture
I'm a regular 19-year old girl AMA
I am an active member in the furry community, AMA.
I can play the recorder AMA
I need to stay awake because I heard a sound outside and saw a large mass of (something I don't frickin know), do please keep me up, ama
I'm an Australian Italian, ask me anything.
I got raped by a woman AMA
I'm a slav AMA
I just ran out of toilet paper. AMA
29 year old woman living in London, UK. I'm bored so AMA!
At 4 years old I passed out while taking a massive shit and went to the hospital - AMA
33 f here shoot...ask me whatever
My brother called me a burnt chicken nugget I am sad AMA
I’m hamood habibi, Ask me anything
I'm in a wheelchair, ask me anything.
I am a retard. AMA
I am in a 24/7 TPE relationship, ama
I’m 22, a college dropout, and on track to earn over $100,000 this year. AMA
Im a 20 year old girl in Iran AMA
I just got banned from BreadTube for being a "shitlib" AMA
AMA Request: Someone Stuck on a Cruise Ship right now.
I play goat simulator in 2020 ask me anything :)
4Chan-er visiting Reddit AMA
I code
I code.
I'm a long-time stoner (everyday since 14) and I just finished my masters from harvard. AMA.
I am an ex Passenger Service Agent, AMA
I have lived in quarantine like circumstances for 10 years. AMA, aka a mental health survival guide for total isolation!
I can suck my dick AMA
Can't post so AMA.
Feeling empty. AMA
I can never sleep before 7am AMA
I’m a furry, ask me anything
I quit my job as a server 2 months ago and now sell stuff I find in the trash for a living AMA
Normal person with normal anxiety and normal crazy workloads literally ask me anything I don’t care. Ask me about weird shit, ask me about scary shit. I’ll answer eventually. AMA
I have Reddit Premium, AMA.
i have hypogeusia and am unable to taste salt. AMA!
I am from Russia
I worked at a Halloween haunted house AMA
I’m bored, have 9 albums to listen to, and want to chat. AMA!
My cat acts like a dog AMA
i have hypogeusia and am unable to taste salt! AMA!
My partner cooks for me almost everyday and I feel extremely lucky AMA
I’m a 13 year old Swedish guy, AMA
I like oreos with beans AMA
Europeans only. I’m an American gun owner, who owns AR15s and will not turn mine in. AMA
bored AMA
Extreme Left Liberal here, AMA!
I'm apparently a shithead for making my own masks but not giving them away. Ama!
I do not support the self-isolation,but I respect it and have barely left home in the last 3 weeks AMA
i hit 200 karma in just over a month AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look like an idiot
Im a 17 year old male with coronavirus in the US. AMA
I just had my first ever bagel. AMA
i’m bored ama
Pretty bored, can't think of an interesting title so just..AMA lol 16[F]
I’m dead AMA
I'm a furry, ama
I am a young mom (23 with a 4 year old) AMA
I'm a male and could lactate (produce milk) AMA
19 year old with rare disease, limb girdle muscular dystrophy. AMA!
I'm a grown adult that does my drawings and doodles on scratch paper AMA
I’ll get triggered at whatever you ask or say, ask me anything
I have ADHD and autism AMA
I am An Iranian girl
I was in Iran when General Soleimani died. AMA!
Quarantine is starting to get to my anxiety and it feels like the walls are closing in. Please, AMA!
It is currently 3:07 AM ama
I'm a ginger. AMA
I am an Indian guy
When I was a teenager, I slept with a friend ten years older than me who was dating someone. AMA.
I’m 12 years old AMA
I am a Sikh, AMA. You are free to ask me anything about Sikhism even if you feel its offensive to ask. Thank you :-)
I'm gay, AMA
I am a normal guy too. I'm a truck driver and have not stopped working since the outbreak. AMA
I’m a normal kid. AMA.
I was tested positive for COVID-19 two weeks ago. I've successfully recovered from it. AMA!
I’ve just woken up this morning on my 19th day of doing nothing because of social distancing AMA
I’m a street artist who went out tagging with my “mentor” last night for the first time last night. AMA.
I have tourettes syndrome AMA
Quarantine has finally given me permission to post on Social Media about how lonely I am without people thinking it’s weird. AMA.
I'm Non-Binary (I don't identify as male or female) AMA!
I'm Non-Binary (I don't identify as male or female) AMA!
Hi reddit I am a 16 year old Joe Biden supporter living in the bay area, AMA
I was in and out of mental hospitals throughout middle school, ama
I have ADHD and i just took my medication for the first time in years ama
I’m a teenager with multiple chronic and debilitating chronic illnesses AMA
I counted cards
I'm a former Jehovah's Witness! AMA!
I have a micro peinis ama
I have five disorders lmao AMA
I am recorded as the funniest human being alive AMA
I have Tourette’s Syndrome - AMA
I cured my schizophrenia through meditation and visions. AMA
Im a Christian AMA
I was dumped on April Fools Day, by a married man. AMA.
I’m the “weird kid” in school nobody understands, AMA
I’m a 13 year old feeling loneliness AMA
I stopped smoking weed for an entire year. I'm now high for the first time in those 12 months. AMA!
i’m 20 years old &amp; work in a sex shop, AMA!
I (22,F) am a DoorDash driver during the pandemic, AMA
i have many problems! Ama!
I have POCD. AMA.
I haven’t washed for 15 years AMA
my school doesn’t use lockers, ama
I’m 27 and diagnosed with depression, anxiety, and OCD ... AMA
I think I’m funny AMA
I’m confused and scared (like casually scared ya feel) AMA
What’s up everyone I’m getting married tomorrow in a very small ( 3 persons) wedding because our beautiful wedding on May 16 was canceled. AMA
Didnt really need sleep last night AMA
Normal chinese people are underrepresented on western social media. As a chinese person here, ama.
I’m sexually attracted to myself, AMA
I have a Calais on my hand from master bating. AMA
I Have A Photographic/Eidetic Memory AMA
I am a guy and i am bored
I’m a high functioning alcoholic and nobody knows the full extent. AMA
Im a hot 20something white girl... ama baybay !
My neighborhood was destroyed by a tornado, and we almost lost our lives. AMA!
Stuntman in Hollywood
Hi! I’m 15 and I just got diagnosed with Covid-19! AMA!
I have a broken limited edition smash bros. 3DS AMA
I'm with my BFF right now. Both [18 M] ask us anything SFW and NSFW
i just realized that my gf broke up with me on purpose and my birthday is in october and i never noticed ama...
18F, living in Texas, and bored. AMA
2 bored teens AMA
I’m actually into cock and ball torture, AMA.
I feel worthless AMA
im at 194 karma and i really want 200 so help me get there AMA
I am a high
When i see someone doing something illegal (pedophiliac behaviour, those “how to shoplift” accounts on TikTok etc) I track their IP and location and message them “i know you live in ABC, 123. Stop doing (illegal thing)”. AMA
I am a person with major depression and anxiety and I have almost killed myself multiple times. AMA
I'm a Professional Organizer AMA
I’m addicted to salvia divinorum AMA
I am a human being. AMA
Just remembered my first account password 5 days after my cakeday AMA
I think most people with DID don't know they have it AMA
I worked as an Oregon Gas Attendant for a little over a year and in result have a lot to share. AMA.
Where I live, men can legally only go out on Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Women on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. And for only a few hours every day. No one can go outside on Sunday. They arrest and charge you with a crime if you break those laws. AMA
I’m a form of life coming straight from Venus. Nice to meet you, humans. AMA
i am a normal guy from canada
I am a female person. AMA
I’m an international student in the Uk.AMA
I have never been more depressed in my life. Ask me anything
Today (April 3) is my birthday, but because of quarantine, I won’t be able to celebrate it with literally anyone, which got me sadder than I think I’d be. AMA
I didn't know it was my cake day until just now 18 minutes from the end of it ama
I'm a trans women AMA
just finished a very hard year 11 maths test that i think i fail so AMA
I’m high off my ass , AMA
I love lifting heavy objects. AMA
I'll go dickless for Michael Chiklis. AMA
I'm in the 3rd year of high school (12th grade), AMA
I am an infinitely wise monk.
I have a condition where i feel comfortable sleeping everywhere except my bed. AMA
I have been rejected over 100 times AMA
I’m a Teen Mom AMA
I'm studying online in NZ and I'm bored AMA
I am a real gamer ama
I'm Scottish AMA
AMA and I'll answer in the most broken English
Im from Colombia AMA
AMA and then change your questions to make me look like the dopest person in front of my friends ;)
im literally friends with an Psycho, AMA
Im a grocery employee right now AMA
I'm 22 and still pigeon toed. AMA.
I'm 22 and still pigeon toed. AMA.
Hi, I'm a karma whore that wants upvotes and awards. Something bad happened to me, or maybe I made it up. AMA!
I’m a twelve year old female who has been a type one diabetic since I was 7. And I’m pretty sure I’m smarter than average. AMA.
I am a foster child. AMA
I was once the youngest person on all of Earth, ama
Cancer
i have type 1 diabetes, AMA
I just got diagnosed with my first kidney stone ama
My genetics are a mess AMA
My cat becomes visibly agitated and snarls at me when she hears the sound of my farts - ama
I’ll answer your worst questions with upmost honesty AMA
On this day 19 years ago I got diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at the age of 4. AMA
I am Bi, AMA if u want
Ama and I'll give you an overly simplified answer
Where can I found an article or subreddits that tells every thing about reddit because Im new on it
i am a normal girl ama
I’m an 18M masochist who’s never watched porn, AMA.
See if you can make me uncomfortable with your questions. AMA.
I make music that almost no one hear AMA
I am a mental health therapist using telehealth during the coronavirus. Ask me any of your mental health questions!
I'm downloading a movie with 10 kilobytes-per-second internet - AMA
I want a hug. AMA
I have been creating video essays about and review movies, anime and video games for almost a year and a half. Ask me anything!
I’m a trust fund baby AMA
I'm a female student in Luxembourg with little to no contact to my parents
I'm a highschool basketball player I'm bored ama
I have to pee AMA
Im at work watching Futbol ama
Give me an essay topic could be a • moral dilemma • world issue • political stuff etc, it’s got to be arguable from 2 sides
Cock cage, ruins, and denial. AMA
Youngest Person To Ever Live
I live in the most isolated city in the world AMA
Grocery store stocker during pandemic AMA
Im going to be mad at anything you type AMA!
I am a citizen of the Yee Haw state stuck in quarantine, AMA
Day drunkAMA
I'm bored AMA
i have a penis ama
I'm a guy who replaced all his boxers with Victoria Secret thong underwear. AMA!
Im Bored AMA
I (25F) dropped out of college when I got pregnant and am finally getting close to finishing my degree and getting certifications in my dream industry. AMA.
Im Bored
I live in the U.S. state of Maine AMA (this is probably dumb)
I just traveled from New Zealand to San Fransisco over the past 24 hours, AMA
I make Tik Toks for fun AMA
I’m (21F) a little wine drunk and bored. AMA
I want to die, but I'm too much of a cowardly pussy to kill myself, ama
I'm a South Korean, AMA
I can breathe ama.
I am a young musician who turned my hobby into a way to earn a decent chunk of money on the side, AMA!
I’m a 24 year old muslim man AMA
My boyfriend is 5’1” and I am (f) 5’9” ama
I am 13 and will make $850 by the end of 2020.
I’m the primary protector in a OSDD-1B system. I’m with my wife, who is a primary protector in a DID system. Ask us anything!
What will this time in history be named?
For the most part, I don't believe systemic racism exists. AMA!
I've had an (Ex) Girlfriend who had quite the superiority complex and felt very entitled to herself. (Who's also now a Thot) AMA!
I (22F) got diagnosed with Covid-19 today and Im not allowed to leave my house! AMA
I’m an unemployed personal trainer living nyc, ask me anything
I beat up my step dad for ruining my life and have no remorse ama
I'm a High School Junior who just got accepted to Colby College. AMA!
ask a robot anything
I am a stage 2 head and neck cancer survivor. Surgery, radiation and chemo therapy. Ask me anything
i have no tailbone
I’m a highschool senior during corona virus
I feel really shitty today, AMA
Ask me anything, but edit your question to make me look like I don't have a brain.
I worked at hot topic for 2&amp; a half years AMA
I can fap without God seeing - AMA
I went to an overseas boarding school that straightened out rich kids. AMA
i am a normal guy ama
I moved in with my boyfriend several states away immediately after meeting over seas AMA
I haven't watched Tiger King. AMA
I am a mix of cultures AMA!
I wanna talk to imteresting people ana
I think I have covid AMA
I am a residential therapist for extreme mental health and substance abuse (essential personnel)
I am recovering from being allergic to everything. AMA.
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
Im 13 and im stsrting to plan how i want my life to be.
Just took a huge dump AMA
My Best friend asked me out a couple a weeks ago and i dont know how to feel about dating as a 10 year old boy AMA
I have successfully remained not gay for 32 years - AMA
I have the corona AMA
I'm the dude from 'Hulk Juice / My Wife Left Me' Meme AMA
I got a haircut AMA
I'm a witness to a murder in an abandoned building. Ask questions.
I owned slaves in a former life. AMA
I'm 28 and I don't know how to drive. Ask me anything.
My popcorn tastes like ass
I’m a teenager with actual OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder). AMA.
I like to test my pain tolerance ama
I have anxiety AMA.
Waiting for my girlfriends donut sized dilation at the Hospital. AMA
I’m a stripper AMA
I play bass, AMA
I go to a private catholic high school AMA
I own Xbox One, PS4, and Switch. I also enjoy them all. AMA!
Sick of doing work AMA
I am a psychopath with a genius-level IQ. AMA
I'm the guy who had sex with his Grandmother 1000 times and then stopped on NYE. We recently broke our deal whilst being in quarantine together. Here to be abused by internet strangers again. AMA
currently in an airport. AMA
I'm nonbinary. Ama.
Im a canadian AMA
I'm too much of a coward to kill myself, ama
I hope I catch covid-19 and die, ama
I drink 4.5 gallons of water a day, and I have for at least 10 years, AMA
I feel like I cant help anybody. AMA
Into the life of the real crazy rich asians. Ama!
I’m mad I wont get a stimulus check AMA
I won't be alive by the end of the year. AMA
I have a video of chuck berry pissing on a hooker and farting in her face, AMA
My mom just caught me masturbating AMA
I touched a lightbulb on the ceiling with my foot AMA
I’m probably going to flunk out of university my junior year. AMA
I am a Civilian Firearms Instructor in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. Ask me anything!
I’m a 38 year-old liberal who has the hots for Kellyanne Conway. AMA.
I like roleplaying 1x1 (creative writing, not the sexual type) and I have twelve years of experience. AMA
I’m an American who has lived in Russia on and off for many years, AMA
I was in a movie - AMA
When I was 9 I had 2 large lacerations in my vagina. AMA
A Dude I Know is Homophobic AMA
I work on an offshore oil rig AMA
I have Coloboma, meaning my pupil is deformed. Mine looks like a cats eye or upside down teardrop. AMA
I might have the Coronavirus - AMA
I used to be a huge smoker, stopped over a year ago and I just realized I don’t miss it. AMA
I hate gypsies AMA
I just got Wisdom Teeth removal surgery. AMA.
I need more karma to post memes, AMA
I was in a long term abusive relationship with a 21 year old from 15 to 20. AMA.
I'm literal jack of all trades and master of none. AMA
I like poo related jokes and poo humour. AMA
I was in a long abusive term relationship with a 21 year old at 15 ask me anything.
I just went to a casino the first time in my life and made 1000€. AMA
I live in a place where the infection rate has still only reached one case every few days. AMA
I have experienced a psychotic episode (psychosis) ask me anything.
It's my birthday and I just got laid off.
Im 14 and i make 300 dollars per month (by myself), AMA.
I'm a front line NHS worker. AMA
My mom’s coworker has the Coronavirus, AMA
I got banned from r/PETA AMA
I am extremely boring and have nothing interesting in life, Ask Me Anything
I am God AMA
I started my extraordinary civilian service in Austria yesterday and will be assigned to the Trade Fair Vienna, which has been converted into a coronavirus hospital, starting Monday. AMA!
I wnnna tak aboity my plobrems bi t im dizzy y and bard AMA
I am a covid-19 survivor from India AMA
I Am a Non-essential First Responder AMA
I realize that if you are in a webcam conference/class and if you yawn and someone else yawns at the same time, the person was already looking at you. AMA
Put riddles and I will try to solve them AMA
put riddles and I will try to solve them AMA
I was a juror on the Joe Exotic case. AMA!
Ama and il tell you all i can using your profile
Ask me questions and edit them after I reply to make me look like an asshole
Anyone else have a moment while watching tv where you notice the characters aren’t practicing social distancing/staying 6 feet apart from each other before remembering we didn’t always have to do that?
I'm an average teenager in 2020, AMA.
I never pay with the ATM unless I have the same amount in cash in my pocket - AMA
I'm consuming a sandwich AMA
I'm a college student struggling to maintain a daily routine without classes AMA
I'm jewish and I'm dumb
I used to work one on one with EDO’s at a hospital dealing with people that suffer from mental illnesses. AMA
I am a bored 16 year old on a shitty iPhone 5. AMA
I’m the quiet kid in the back of the classroom that mumbles incomprehensible terms in either a different language or to fast for people to understand, AMA!
I’m a human, AMA
im a autistic person who used to hate autistic people AMA
I work at a Walmart close to Chicago. AMA
I definetly didn't post this AMA for karma. AMA
What will the world be like after Coronavirus?
I'm trying to work up the courage to kill myself, ama
I can't commit to anything or anyone. Whoever gets close to me, I push them away. AMA
I couldn't afford to go to rehab, so I toughed it out.
I Have Misophonia, and Can Not Stand The Sound of Breathing. AMA
Ask a successful male escort anything
Due to Coronavirus, I’ve had to quit my sport that I’ve been at since I was 4, AMA
I dated a narcissist for 2 years
Due to the Coronavirus I don’t have internet. AMA
I own my own business
I’m PuertoRican , Ask me Anything.
I’m an extremely picky eater! AMA
I’ve been doing aerial for 18 months. AMA
I'm a Lab Tech testing Samples for COVID-19. Ask me anything!
I'm a Latina married to a white man in a Hispanic majority US city. AMA
I’m a bass player in a band AMA
Everything is so politically correct these days. I say Dick Van Dyke on TV last night. He had to change his name to Penis Van Lesbian. AMA
Im from a dysfunctional family AMA!
I have a Prince Albert piercing, AMA NSFW
I'm in the German military
I just tried cocaine for the first time. AMA
I was in a consensual relationship with my Cousin, AMA.
I'm lactose intolerant, AMA
I was just diagnosed with cancer, during Coronavirus, AMA.
Bisexuals, pansexuals, furries, pony play, transtards- all that shits dead bro. Total 2019. The new scene is gay poop and pee make outs. AMA
I've self published book of chats between me and my whippet aka Counter Surfing Bastard Hound. AMA.
Dealing with Antidepressant discontinuation syndrome withdrawal
Dealing with Antidepressant discontinuation syndrome withdrawal
I work Valet for one of the country's top resorts (and need some comment karma) AMA
I'm in quarantine! AMA
I found out today that my dad has cancer. ama
Military medic during COVID-19 AMAA (Almost Anything)
MY CAT DOESNT KNOW WHAT SOCIAL DISTANCING MEANS SO SHE IS GROUNDED TILL 2024
I’m bisexual and heteroromantic... AMA
I am a generic 19 year old highschool graduate with no plans for college, no job, and no girlfriend.
So that show Tiger King. Joe Exotic is the real victim here. Everybody ripped him off and tried to physically harm him. I know he's a homosexual and yes, he will have to pay for that sin but he was led into it by those two guys. The most evil person is that money grubbing whore from Florida. AMA
I've nearly died because of bleeding to much, AMA, AMA
Antidepressant discontinuation syndrome withdrawal
I got my dick suck by tem, AMA
I am the son of a multimillionaire AMA
Ask me anything about COVID-19 &amp; Pets
I'm 15 years old and I was an IVF baby! AMA
Hi, I’m Andrew Kreighbaum, an education reporter covering the impact of coronavirus on colleges and schools. Are you trying to figure out what this means for your student loans? AMA
I have a leadership role in a high volume food manufacturing facility in the United States during Covid-19 - AMA!
I'm a first year teacher at an all-girls private school who got thrown into distance learning; AMA
I am 20 year old girl and have absolutely no clue what my sexuality is... AMA!
I'm Mexican, ask me anything
I’m kirb AMA
i am covid positive, but also schizophrenic. i’ve been avoiding doctors and need to chill at home, i can’t see my friends so talk to me. ama about either of my issues lol
I have a leadership position in high volume food manufacturing during the Covid-19 epidemic AMA!
I missed my cake day for the 2nd time
I'm a personal assistant for a billionaire
We are Heart It Out, a mental health initiative based in Bangalore, India. We offer support for people with anxiety, depression and other mental health concerns. We are currently supporting those struggling to cope with the COVID-19 lockdown. AMA
I’m a flaming homosexual, biologist, and a conservative Christian AMA
Me and my family were in extreme poverty, a two decades later we are now in the 1% in Europe Ama
I’m a female grade 12 irregular student studying HUMSS in a public school. AMA.
I'm a diagnosed psychopath, for several years now. AMA
We are Heart It Out, a mental health initiative based in India, Bangalore. We offer support for people with anxiety, depression and other mental health concerns. We are currently supporting those struggling to cope with the COVID-19 lockdown. AMA
I was offered a membership into mensa in November, 2019! Ask Me Anything!
I'm (M/19) a student in 13th grade who was diagnosed with Aspergers ten years ago and has got hypochondria (Health Anxiety). AMA!
My father went to prison, multiple times, where he died. AMA
Both my dad and step dad watch p0rn.AMA
I am the reluctant messiah.
I'm a K-pop stan, AMA.
Just got diagnosed with Covid-19 AMA
Im 24 and trying to get my tubes tied AMA
I make $18,000 daytrading bitcoin AMA
I'm an average Minnesotan, AMA
I'm just a middle class white male 17yr old living in Brazil. AMA
I am Paxton AMA
AMA at 1 p.m. EST today: Hi, I’m Andrew Kreighbaum, an education reporter covering the impact of coronavirus on colleges and schools. Are you trying to figure out what this means for your student loans?
I suffer from PTSD and quarantine isn’t helping the flashbacks. AMA
I'm a Michigan high school student. AMA.
I'm a closet exhibitionist but a practiced lucid dreamer. AMA
I'm an active member of one of the most hated groups of people on the internet. AMA
I was bullied through all 8 years of elementary school. AMA
I have gone through an entire box of condoms in one week of quarantine. My local pharmacies now say that condoms are in short supply, and I'm quite pissed. AMA!
I got fired from Rug Doctor on April fools after 4 years. I was the associate with the most seniority in my department. AMA
Thongs
Last night was pretty wild. Two Victoria's Secret models were stranded in my town so I invited them over and we started hittin it. When they first unzipped my pants and pulled out my war hammer they were intimidated but soon, I was balls deep. Anal, deep throat action, ass to mouth- you name it. AMA
I’m a full-time Cashier during the COVID-19 epidemic. AMA!
I'm 19 and have PTSD, AMA
I need someone to help me get out of my own head AMA
I am in an random 8th grade zoom science class, I was already in a science one AMA
I used to be the youngest man on earth, ama
I have created open source software allowing peer-to-peer wireless communications in an encrypted manner without the Internet. AMA
I have hfasd (high functioning autism spectrum disorder) AMA
Im planning on killing myself tonight, ama
When I look at an image of a food I ate before, I feel a little bit of its taste. AMA
Hello! I can't get over my ex. AMA!
I’m a 20 year old female with 4 male roommates. AMA
My girlfriend and I share a kink... Making me fat. AMA
I'm quarantined in Russia. AMA.
I had an abusive childhood AMA
Own sex club with attached hotel...AMA
My first day as the IT director of a school district was the same day schools were ordered to close due to COVID-19, AMA
I'm (M/19) an A-Levels student with Aspergers and hypochondria (Health Anxiety). AMA!
I’m a Demon Hunter... AMA
We are conducting research today to understand which behaviours and attitudes will stick in a post pandemic world. This is a gobal, open/crowd sourced initiative - free for anyone to join.
I just started being a YouTuber AMA
is DesignerAlert a good name for a woman's fashion brand?
I recently came out to my bestie. AMA
I am diagnosed with did (formally known as multiple personality disorder) AMA!
Regular size condoms hurt my dick. AMA
i just got 95% on my physics test and im really happy about it so AMA
I’m a Father to be (and mom to be) that is having our baby today. AMA
I am a completely normal person, AMA
I found out this morning that I graduated as a doctor.
I was the youngest person on Earth at some point AMA
I'm a toxic dr kinnie, AMA
AMA?
I am a female Pansexual married to a man. AMA
I am a brown person. AMA
I am a brown person. Ask me anything.
NYPD
I could kill right now, AMA
I’m an essential worker (Amazon Fulfillment) AMA.
Foind out my ex may have cheated on me or our relationship of almost three years meant less than dick and I'm kratos level pissed AMA
I met hide the pain Harold ama
Police Officer working NYC
I lived in China for a year in 2018. AMA
Oregonian here AMA!
I'm currently a gay prostitute &amp; a 'camboy'. AMA
Italian here, Ama!
I witnessed LIVE tortures/murders in my life . Ask me anything
I'm bored on the bed. AMA
I'm a socialist and the whole coronavirus pandemic just proved that socialism is the best economical ideology AMA
Stocker at a grocery store, ama
I just officially ran out of TP after taco Wednesday and used a Clorox wipe to clean up AMA
I’m living in our family’s RV parked in their driveway until I empty the attic and put an air mattress in there - AMA!
Im an only child, AMA
I'm buying pepper spray very soon ama
April 1, 2020 was my 25th Anniversary of becoming a Professional Wrestler.......
I adore seeing prostitutes (mostly red light) and had sex with around 40 of them. With some more than once. And I think I might have some feelings or sort of towards one girl.
My dad is the sole owner of a $10 million business AMA
I just lost my job due to this Coronavirus bullshit (17m btw) AMA
I'm a gay guy in my 20's with high functioning autism, ama
Hold hood traum, drug addiction, psych ward all by age of 17 AMA
AMA but edit to make me look horrible.
None of my friends rick rolled me on April first, ama
I've relapsed during quarantine. AMA
I am a millenial - AMA
I was a runway model and an actor at age 4. AMA
I just broke up with my boyfriend, ama
I’m an 18F college student who is now working from home &amp; quarantined with my emotionally abusive mother AMA
In my Primary school Kids (10-13) had Gangs and Mafias that operated in Bathrooms with an illegal Gambling casinos and even more shit. AMA
I’m a professional boudoir photographer. AMA!
I lived in a frat house as a girl, AMA
I got permanently banned on r/WellThatSucks
Tomorrow is my Cakeday ! (AMA)
13 coronavirus predictions for April, the rest of 2020, and beyond. Let's hope they don't come true. AMA
I am a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (mormon). AMA
I’m a student (16M) with a struggling school district because of the corona virus. AMA
I have a blind mother, AMA
I snowboard and compete almost every weekend during the winter, AMA
I'm LGBTQ-phobic. AMA.
My dad abandoned me when I was young AMA
I am a someone one would consider as LGBTQ-phobic. AMA.
I would be a person that one would consider as LGBYQ-phobic. AMA.
There are many examples of the benefits of urine therapy. Although I don't drink my own urine, I do do a daily urine routine. When I get up in the mourning, I take my morning urination, but before I flush it, I put my face down in the bowl and inhale deeply for 30 repetitions. AMA
I work a job where I go INTO people's homes. I'm essential. AMA
Can't post on r/teenagers so AMA.
Living breathing person with nothing to do
I’m 22 and keep in touch with my great grandmother via FB and text messaging. AMA
I am a 14 y/o girl who hates nobody/has no grudges with anyone. AMA
I'm Russian. AMA! 😂
I am a Louisiana National Guardsmen testing for Covid-19
I got back to the US from my honeymoon in Iceland two days before the Covid-19 lockdown. AMA
Basic bitch with nothing to do. AMA
I am 24 years old and have saved a little over $42,000 since graduating and starting my first job. AMA
I am 24 years old and have saved $40,000 a year since graduating from college and starting my first job. AMA
I need karma so that I can post in a subreddit please. Ama
When I was a kid I thought my Uncle Jim was Jesse Ventura
I’m a 17 y/o student pilot. AMA about flying or life in general!
I work in Human Resources and have been in HR for 16 years with a lot of those years at EA Games and Spotify. I've been consulting the last few weeks for COVID Urgent Planning. AMA
I have Lutumotophobia; the fear of claymation and stop-motion animation. AMA!
I’m a chef that’s got a family and doing my best to help others with #covidcooking. When it comes to food... AMA.
I have parents who have the same last name, AMA
I'm an average looking guy wanting to inbox this girl way outta my league. AMA!
I’ve never been rejected from a relationship AMA
AMA then edit it so I look like a dick
I'm a PC gamer who actually enjoys screen tearing! AMA!
I lack certain emotions, AMA
I'm a furry, ama
I’m a script writer that works for click bait YouTube channels AMA.
I’m a script writer for one of those clickbait YouTube channels you all have seen on your recommended AMA
Hey, i work in Hospitality for 7 years i'm 23 years old. AMA
Ama request - Kenny vs Spenny round 2
Left right up or down
My new girlfriend sat on my shoulder (don’t ask) and after five minutes made an eek noise, jumped and said “please don’t be stinky” while waving her hands. I’m currently breathing through my mouth because I’m terrified of reality and she’s crying in the bathroom. AMA!!
I used to play pretend doctor as a kid so I know a lot about the medical field. AMA
Living on the streets during lockdown AMA
I’m a stupid human being that decided to continue with my studies instead of accepting my grades. AMA
I’m not a doctor but I can act like one! AMA
An interesting title
I smoke stogies with wesley ford decendant of the ford familly ama
I know the ins and outs of property insurance claims. Ask me anything.
Last year, I married my girlfriend of four years. She's a retarded mongoloid but she's still pretty hot. Sometimes, she puts on the strap-on and treats me like the little prison bitch that I am. I'm not gay tho. AMA
I am a Gamer, AMA!
I am in the graduating class of 2020. AMA
I have misophonia (I think). I confirmed it from google, but I might be wrong.
I attend a dairy farm that also happens to be one of the best progressive boarding schools in the county. AMA
What is your most Shameful Fap?
My wife is a prostitute and I love it. AMA (NSFW)
I Have Depression… AMA! :)
I'm a Gamestop employee that has been deemed essential, AMA
My mom died on April First 9 years ago, my friends thought it was a joke when I told them. Still kinda feels like a joke. AMA
When i was 20, for a year, i dated a 30 year old drug addict with multiple personality disorder. She was an adult who nearly behaved like a child. Without revealing my identity AMA. (She put me thru a lot)
Ask me anything extremely rude or insulting,and I’ll answer and turn the insult into a compliment for me.
I'm Nerf Herder lead singer and cartoon song guy Perry Gripp. Ama
I am a Gen-Z conservative. Ask Me Anything.
My hobby is picking up new hobbies and learning to do new things. AMA!
I'm an employee at Hobby Lobby that got shut down today, AMA
I am monke. Ask me any thing
I can send infrared signals with my mind. AMA.
I have ADHD AMA!!
Ama then edit it to make me look like a dick
I was framed by Chris Hansen AMA.
[REQUEST] someone who’s fucked Lil Dicky aka Dave Burd.
Anxiety over coronavirus
Hey guys, I'm probably one of the most powerful wizard alive currently ( kidding ) AMA
I am asexual AMA
I’m schizophrenic AMA
I'm going to kill myself in 30 days, ama
I’m an actual Pastafarian, Ask Me Anything!
It's my first cake day and yesterday was my first April fools on reddit. I thought the Imposter game was disappointing. AMA
I earn 650€ a month and eat for 2€ a day. AMA
I’m a lesbian but I want to have sex with a man just to see what it’s like. AMA
i'm a mental mess, AMA
I believe that everything I’ve experienced is a dream I’m stuck in. I’m 38 and believe I went to bed one kindergarten night and everything since is a dream. AMA
I have a physics test in under 30 minutes and i'm terrified! AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
i am an eastern orthodox living in a muslim majority country. AMA
I am terrified of other people needing to pee, as well as myself. AMA
I am super bored out of my mind! Ask me anything!
(Previously?)Healthy 26 y/o WFH from bed for 4 weeks straight AMA
I’m in New Jersey, stuck in house with total 6 people, and it’s getting frustrating. AMA
I am an artificial intelligence. AMA.
[Serious] I like pooping my pants.
Ask me anything then edit your questions to make me look gay
Just launched my podcast exclusively on my OnlyFans AMA
AMA and I will use an AI bot to come up with an answer
I am a conservative Christian female. (Presbyterian) Ask me anything.
I will answer everything with a line from the book I'm reading. AMA.
Florida teacher AMA
My stepfather is only six years old than me. He is 23 and I’m 17F. AMA
I’m adopted (from Russia) AMA
I need more karma so I can post on r/DankMemes AMA.
[REQUEST] Someone who is currently on one of the two cruise ships that are not yet being allowed to dock (near Florida)
I just hit 100K on tiktok. AMA.
I'm an ENFP, AMA
I haven’t left my room in three weeks and I’m going crazy AMA
My crush just blinked me with both of her eyes! AMA
I don't want to talk about it. Don't AMA.
I am from a small northern island called the Faroe island you can ask me anything and i can answer you back as good as possible
My stepfather is only six years older than me. He is 23 and I’m 19. AMA
I am working as a CNA during this whole coronavirus pandemic AMA
I am working CNA in the hospital during this whole coronavirus pandemic AMA
hey i'm wisnu, avid overwatch player.. struggling artist. People think i'm a wizard, AMA.
I’m working customer service at a grocery store during the coronavirus pandemic. Ask me anything.
Ive ordered tacobell 3 times this week despite the scarcity of toilet paper. AMA
I hate TikTok. AMA.
I’m a 13 year old school girl AMA
I have an emotionally abusive and neglectful farther who doesn't realize the homophobic harm he has done AMA
I'm socially awkward AMA
I have a huge crush on Freddy Krueger.. ask me anything.
I'm trying to start a comic book company- AMA
I was recently diagnosed with Bipolar type II, AMA
I am a vampire. AMA
I’m a closeted transgender girl. AMA
I have Koumpounophobia, the fear of buttons. Wearing a button-down t-shirt is pretty much torture to me. AMA!
I have seen hoodwinked ama
I'll only answer with 'no'. AMA to make me look like the worst person possible.
I hiked from Mexico to Canada on the Pacific Crest Trail. AMA.
I get regular Sleep Paralysis attacks, AMA
I’ve been drinking 14 litres of cola/sprite per week for 2 years. AMA.
I speak three languages and I was born in India and lived there until I was six
I'm a capitalist. My father gave me a 1966 911F, a vintage Rolex and 12 million dollars to invest when I graduated from Yale. The government in Ecuador gave me tax breaks for six years and invested 26 million dollars in a factory I'm building there. I'm going to rip the little brown fuckers off. AMA
I'm immune to bee and wasp (maybe even horent I'm not sure) stings. I only feel that I got sting and then it's over, it's similar to a needle where you feel the pain for a moment but even that pain is mild. AMA
I think that Online teaching is disfunctional. AMA.
I was seeing this girl I met online for a few weeks but I had to break it off. She seemed okay at first but then she started acting really weird. AMA
I'm from the UK but I grew up in Spain AMA
I Have a Completely blind 1 Year old Husky. AMA
I just found out my mom has reddit. AMA
I just cut my mouth with a big shard of broken glass. AMA
US citizen locked down in Mexico AMA
Ask Me Anything, but edit your comment to make me look bad
My Best Friend lives 8 states away. AMA.
I'm a tutor working with tertiary students and recently have to conduct tutorial classes online. AMA.
I live in New York and have only left my house for food and medicine. AMA.
I worked at a popular talent show on tv. AMA
I live in a dry cabin in Alaska. Ask me anything.
My ps4 just broke and it’s been the only thing keeping me from losing my mind from depression/boredom in quarantine isolation so AMA to distract me please lol
I take ritalin for my ADHD, ask me anything.
ama a but we create a fictional story together
Selling panties
I am an adventurer from a magical fantasy world, currently leading a horde of perverted worshipers and conning strangers into buying my gospel. AMA
My sibling has AFM and I am trying to spread awareness
I’m Irish plz AMA cuz I’m bored
My school makes us wear uniforms while e-learning, AMA
Im a bisexual woman in my early 20’s whose been with men and women, AMA
I’m a high schooler living in Portland, OR. AMA
I am a 12 year old committing cybercrimes, AMA.
I used to be super afraid of loud sudden noises. AMA.
I'm British and have just been furloughed from my job AMA
I have never masturbated in my life, AMA
I'm Czech, AMA
I caught a bat last night in a cave near me. Should I eat it? AMA
I believe I am the kid with the least amount of common sense from my generation to survive into adulthood Ama
I have ADHD. AMA
I have a very possessive SO and I gave them consent to be possessive and outspoken jealous because it makes me feel precious. AMA
heeyyyyyoooo I'm bored so AMA!
I'm God, AMA!
My Birthday is today on April fools day. AMA
Why can't companies sue employees for their unemployment benefits for quitting without notice?
I was wrongfully arrested on an OWI/ DUI charge. AMA
I was an “instagram” escort for sports players in Europe.. I have now stopped as I am pregnant with a clients child AMA
My friend has DID (Multiple Personality Disorder) AMA
I think i walked in my sleep tonight. IM WORRIED!!
Tried heroin "just once", didn't get addicted AMA
I think I just destroyed my relationship, ama
I'm a past abuse victim of several immediate family members. AMA.
Rambone Meets the Double Penetrators (1986) is probably the greatest porn film of all time. It's from the golden age of porn- the coke fueled mid 80's- and it set a new standard. The plot: These chicks are totally hot for DPs then they meet Dick Rambone and then things get waaay out of control. AMA
I'm wisnu. Things have been interesting lately.. AMA
I'm 14, AMA
AMA
Just got rejected from EI in Canada AMA!
Former alcoholic, but have been alcohol free for almost a month with zero cravings. AMA.
Hey guys it 3:16 AM here rn. AMA
I have synesthesia which makes me see words. AMA
I am a 26-year-old guy who has been a hermit for 2 years and it will continue. AMA.
I am a 26-year-old guy who's been a hermit for almost 2 years. AMA.
I’m a transsexual with “unpopular” trans opinions, AMA
Hey all, Disneyland cast member here. Currently not working due to coronavirus pandemic so, ask me anything Disney!
AMA but edit your questions to make me look evil
Im a Trump supporter and I *might* vote for Bernie if he can get the nom. AMA
I'm claiming, Jared Kushner and Pres. Trump Plagiarized my Palestine State Proposal for their "Deal of the Century" and I'm releasing my first song. AMA @9pm EST Tonight
My grandma just passed away AMA
I'm an exhibitionist AMA
Working as a paramedic in germany. AMA
I am a racist white male AMA.
Just got perma banned from r/advice. AMA
I’m a 36 year old contractor who has worked for celebs, athletes and high net worth individuals all over North America. I started my business with a wheelbarrow and shovel, self taught and parlayed it into my current theming business which operates around the world. Ask Me Anything
I have superior mesenteric artery syndrome, would the virus be potentially threatening for me
I am a Jewish male and going to my first Bar Mitzvah in July. AMA.
I've been doing home remodeling and repairs for 20 years ama
I'm a Greek person. AMA.
I'm a certified ethical hacking instructor, AMA
I used to be a drug dealer... AMA
I'm a doctor. Ama
I was circumcised as an adult so I know it both ways. AMA. (Possibly nsfw)
I used a whole chapstick! AMA
Week 2 of lockdown and I am experiencing serious withdrawal symptoms. AMA!
I'm a Tarot reader AMA
I survived 2 house fires 1 year apart AMA
I am a female non-techincal, tech founder based in Detroit. AMA.
I am human, not alien AMA
I'm thinking of becoming a monk. AMA
My family died in a car crash and now I'm homeless AMA
Just beat gta 3 for the first time
AMA and edit your question to make me look bad
[18M] bored on the bed in blue pajamas. AMA
Just made an omelette
I have been hospitalized for Bipolar I. AMA
I’m a cop /AMA (again)
AMA I need 200 or more karma so I can post my friends gofundme for her shot dog
I'm on the bed in my blue pajamas and I'm bored. AMA
I was once the youngest person on Earth. AMA.
Im Thalassophobic (Scared of the Deep). AMA
I am an average Joe with nothing interesting to share. AMA!
AMA i know every answer to every question
I have no friends and I’ve been quarantined with no games and no Netflix and I’m bored as fucking fuck ama
I'm dyslexic and grew up think my brain was normal
I am a retired Marine, ask me anything.
I am a bilingual, AMA
I am an amazon customer who ordered and received 2 cases of Clorox industrial hand wipes, just before Amazon instituted limits on such purchases.
Literally just ask me anything
I’m listening to my neighbor go through withdrawal and lose his god damn mind. AMA
People who stand up to wipe their butt. Why don't you just stay seated like the rest of us?
I am the girl who had my titty tased and didn’t react. AMA!
I’m a Highschool Student and college student, AMA
AMA but make the questions really specific.
I Am the girl who had my nipple tased and didn’t react. Ask me anything!
I just found out the gender/sex of my baby while FaceTiming my wife, AMA
Everybody is talking about this show Tiger King. I thought I should give everyone a trigger warning: the lead character is a homosexual. At one point he gets 'married' to two other homosexuals at the same time. They also do other homosexual things as well. There's also a lesbian with one arm. AMA
I am Brazilian. AMA
I am British AMA
My fiancé and I just bought the bed we are taking into our marriage yesterday. I got drunk and wet the bed for the first time in 15 years. AMA.
i am 103 years old. ama.
Ask me anything and i will reply with the next lyric of the song i am listening to
I am hungry AMA
I have never kissed a girl AMA
I am the most powerful being dead or alive AMA
RamarraaasaeyefgffgsdzxdsdsdsdewffczcdsxaeeAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Im a Commanding Officer in a military brig in Israel that still functions during the pandemic AMA
I'm a loser. AMA
I'm Estonian. AMA.
inneRadio is a different way of looking at self-help, fear, and the world we share - AMA
I work in technical sales for a cyber security provider with a focus on ethical hacking. AMA
Woman Pussy smell
I still think 2020 is not such a bad year, AMA
I am the most powerful man on the planet. AMA
I'm a Armenian that was born in Syria AMA
I am a Communist, ask me anything
I just posted my first comment on reddit, AMA
I'm technically an actor and a director AMA
I got married at age 20. AMA
I just found out im ambisinister the opposite of ambidextrous so that means I suck ass with both hands! AMA
I am a fashion model and instagram influencer AMA
AMA i will respond with the opposite of what i want i want to say.
I'm in medical school and I hate it. AMA
I cum a lot AMA
I’ve been in a long term same sex relationship with my boyfriend since I was 16 and I’m 29 and married now for six years. AMA.
I am a sexpat currently in Thailand, I had sex with many many girls who have dicks. I’m am bored because many girls don’t want to go out anymore because of the virus. AMA!
I’m giving the devil nightmares. God is sending me all his prayers. I’m making the buddha aware. AMA
RELEASE DATE!!! Dungeons and Dragons 6th Edition Announcement!! Ask Me Anything about the NEW Features!
I work for big pharma manufacturer and make inhalers, AMA
I'm from Russia. Ask Me Anything.
I got diagnosed yesterday on my 25th birthday with COVID-19
I am homeless man with coronavirus and I just fooled you AMA
I'm a female top student and a Spaniard, AMA
I am 15 and I am a drug dealer. I appear in fights a lot. AMA
I'm a psychiatrist - ask me anything!
I am a sexpat currently in Thailand, I had sex with many many girls who have dicks. I’m am bored because many girls don’t want to go out anymore because of the virus. AMA!
i raised my baby brother and took the role of a parent at the age of 9 AMA
I could be working, but I'm here. AMA
AMA, just ask me anything ok
I am the epitome of middle class. AMA.
i raised my baby brother and took to role of a parent at the age of 9. AMA
I dont have coronavirus ama
Working at a grocery store doing carts AMA
AMA then edit to make me sound like a dinosaur
How do I get tested for stds during quarantine?
I am a jew AMA
I am allergic to salt AMA
I’ve been drinking 14 litres of milk per week for 14 years. AMA.
I’ve worked with the british navy’s special boat service. I’ve worked with various other secret society members. AMA
I'm a Coroner's Officer AMA
I live in Russia and I have never been abroad. AMA
I’ll kill myself soon.Ask me anything.
99% sure i had covid-19. AMA
Literally ask me anything, then edit your question to make me look like a total asshole
I was wrongly accused of cyber bullying in primary school. AMA
I am a 26F secretly dating a 53M married man. AMA
Me and my fiancée messed up, and now we got symptoms of the COVID-19, AMA.
My dad was arrested for drug dealing and a loaded firearm AMA
I know my stories seem fake I just have a really eventful life. I’m a cancer survivor. AMA
I would just like to talk
My parents are divorced after long fights and screaming. AMA
I have central heterochromia. It’s not a disease, it’s the rarest eye “colour” where, in simple terms, the middle of my eye is a different colour to the rest.
I won the lottery in September 2016 AMA
I am considering peeing in a bucket. Ama
I have a confirmed case of corona. AMA
A year and a half ago I decided to stop watching porn AMA
My great grandfather was an outlaw in the later years of the “Wild West” AMA
I am a sociopath ama
I grew up extremely poor in Canada. Ask me anything
I am a pretty cool guy ama
I’m a midget that milked a human ama
21 year old MBA-Finance student from India AMA
Ask me anything and I will reply with the lyrics I’m listening to ama
I'm ostracized by even the groups that should support what I am. AMA.
I just turned 14 and I have lived in 6 different countries and I have been to around 25 countries. AMA
My neighbours infected with Covid-19, yet they don't go to hospital. AMA
I’m almost at 100,000 karma. AMA
I watch gore videos from time to time and I've lost faith in humanity, AMA!
I'm a Black woman AMA
AMA: I am an ordinary united states citizen that would like to learn as much about the world as I can. I know my world view is limited and I want to learn about tour culture while teaching you about me and mine. Ask me anything.
I accidentally taught myself how to sleep with my eyes open. AMA
I literally had a Yandere following me. AMA
I have ran 10 full marathons and 11 half marathons AMA
I am an antisemite, AMA
At school atm AMA!
I have online schooling now AMA!!!
I just measured my height and I'm even shorter then I thought, ama
I caught 4 coelacanth fish in less than 24 hours in animal crossing new horizons AMA
AMA so I(18m) can stay up for just a bit longer.
The English. Do you know what I mean? 1. don't brush their teeth. 2. gay. 3. drunk all the time. 4. total fucktards. AMA
I have ran multi international Ponzi schemes AMA
Non Americans, I’m an American highschool living in Portland. Any questions on highschool or just daily life?
I have schizoaffective disorder AMA
I used to be a hardcore stalker AMA.
i have a physics test tomorrow and then a maths test the day after AMA
I am oooozing small dick energy ama
I am a U.S Marine with autism and Borderline Personality Disorder, AMA
pot head in wv no corona /AMA
I broke up with my gf after three years and now im super depressed and cant sleep AMW
I dont have an inner voice. AMA.
I'm ready to die, ama
AMA on facemask (surgical facemask, N95, common ones) against coronavirus pneumonia, I am a Harvard MPH and clinician/mgmt consultant stationed in Hong Kong, having studied and experimented on this specific personal protection for months, with a series of Youtube videos to share to the public.
Just got my first follower so AMA
Im 16 male living an everyday life (besides quarantine) AMA.
I have Extra Sensory Perception. (ESP) AMA!
im considered an essential worker and will continue to work and be potentially exposed until this pandemic blows over AMA
I was diagnosed with COVID-19 today. AMA
One year ago I contracted Typhoid Fever.
I am a compulsive masturbator. AMA
My school just shut down a few days ago, and we still don't have online classes AMA
Teenage drug addict. AMA!
I Will Troll Your Online Class
I’m early 30’s and have survived over 15 pulmonary embolisms, bipolar type I, and cancer. AMA
Just a 17 year old guy who has no self confidence . AMA
I am I parkour artist. AMA
Here in Idaho we just had a 6.5 earthquake earlier today. AMA
I'm on book four of the harry potter books, AMA. I'm also kind of bored.
I'm a C-list(I think) Electronic music producer. AMA.
I once made my mom proud by sneaking out of the house. AMA
I was indefinitely expelled from school yesterday. My school is cancelled due to COVID though. AMA
First Responder
I’m Very Good At Reading People
i have 7 fillings and 1 root canal i’m not even 21 yet AMA
AMA I’m a singer I write my own songs make my own beats and make no profit and I’m only in my teens
I had a fight with my GF, relapsed on alcohol, wrote a song about it, hired a producer, recorded it in a studio and am releasing my music video for it here, AMA!
i rolled 2 calendars in juvie and 4 facilities in total AMA
I'm Filipino we don't like toilet paper AMA 😁
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
Emergency Room Doctor who thinks the whole COVID thing is being blown out of proportion
Sex worker who’s worked with erotic massage in Los Angeles, and as a stripper. I now own a sex worker targeted clothing company and live abroad. AMA
i’m pansexual but most of my family is homophobic. AMA
I’ve done a lot of crazy shit in my life ask me anything
I just ran the gauntlet AMA
I'm a recovering amphetamine addict AMA
I have lucid dreams regularly AMA
I'm trying to figure out online school with extremely not tech-savvy teachers. AMA.
I am a recently retired Uber driver. I’m ready to tell some industry secrets. Ask me anything.
TIL a girl I dated in college has a subreddit devoted to her, AMA
I have never been in a relationship AMA
Stoned Canadian watching TV AMA
I'm a Local musician AMA
I’m a Saudi Girl. AMA
It's my cake day, AMA.
I am a Hmong. AMA
I (13M) own a cat that I entirely take care of. AMA
Mom has Coronavirus (potentially), AMA
Mom has (potentially) Corona Virus, AMA
People have started calling me a Coronavirus "denier." AMA.
I only have 4 days left to live, ama
I am sick could it be coronavirus possibly ama
ob AMA
I just shitted then watched porn and proceeded to wipe my ass with my hand with toilet paper present AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look like a criminal
I’m a former human baby. AMA.
I am playing r6 AMA
I’m a very active member of the LGBTQ+ community, AMA
I'm doing one of "these" Ask me a question, and edit it when i reply to make me look bad!
I found out I have a long lost sister after 16 years. AMA!
I manage a charity / thrift shop ask me anything!
i’m a male who believes that men don’t have the same rights as women. AMA
I’m a guy throwing a boat party this Thursday AMA!
I am an open-minded Atheist. AMA!
I have no discernible qualities. AMA
I am Fairway Frank from Pawnee, Indiana! You might know me from Parks and Recreation. Ask me anything!
I post nude pictures on Reddit. AMA!
In spite of the corona virus spreading and worsening, my family still insists on holding religous gatherings regularly and forcing me to attend as well. AMA.
It's 3 am and I'm not sleeping because I'm weird. AMA
I'm new to Reddit and don't have a clue what's going on AMA
My life is similar to 50 First Dates, except it was caused by 3 years of dodgy hypnosis. AMA
I AM A FLORIDA KID, AMA
I'm a lolita ama
I have Multiple Personality Disorder (or DID)
Since we’re in the midst of a fucking pandemic right now, I might as well use humor to cope. AMA and then edit to make me someone who just woke up from a 4 month coma and just learned about coronavirus
I am a pansexual, homoromantic trans guy, AMA.
Currently in the middle of having food poisoning for the 4th time in 6 months AMA
I live in Russia and I have never been abroad. AMA
I'm a 19 year old in the US who switched from studying Chemical Engineering to Business and Finance - AMA
Ask me questions and edit them to make me look like an asshole.AMA
I haven’t got enough post karma to post at r/dankmemes so AMA.
I 'celebrated' my third cake day (2014) with a hemorrhagic stroke and getting a piece of my skull removed. 6 years later, AMA
I’m an American during the Coronavirus outbreak ama
I may have had COVID-19, AMA
Today’s my cake day AMA
I’m a 21yo business owner of a restaurant that grosses almost $1M a year AMA!
I never got a GOLD award on reddit. AMA.
I have one of the worst cases of insomnia my doctors say they have ever seen. AMA
I'm a music producer &amp; a DJ. AMA
I hope my mother gets corona and dies, ama
I started online high school yesterday because of the Coronavirus. AMA
generic depressed edgy teen - AMA
Today I found out I tested positive for COVID-19. AMA.
[TN] I'm 23yr and have Coronavirus and am hospitalized. I have severe breathing issues to begin with, ama.
Ask me anything and then edit your question to make me look like I have a sexual addiction
I’m a bisexual guy, AMA
I have walked on my toes since I was 5, and recently gotten casts on both of my legs. AMA.
I’m at high risk for Corona Virus due to asthma and low lung capacity AMA
I’m a delivery driver during the COVID-19 outbreak in America ama.
I worked at Guinness World Records for a year. AMA
i have a form of synesthesia called Oral Linguistic Personification, which means that letters, some numbers, and some words have genders and personalities(and sometimes color). AMA!
AMA and then change your question to make me look like a d!ck
Depressed teen in isolation AMA
I just got a raise (!!!) but I have not friends to share the news with... AMA =/
I am 20 with High-Functioning Aspergers, AMA
AMA
I can taste smells, AMA.
I am a girl with autism AMA
Need to boost karma living in Michigan during lockdown AMA 19 y/o
I just realized it's my cake day, AMA
Give me something to find on Google maps, I'll tell you the time it takes me to find it. AMA.
I'm a muslim female, AMA!
I have PTSD over doorbells and nursing homes! Ama
I am Scott Cawthon, AMA
I just pooped. Ama
I'm a medical resident working in NYC in an ICU on the frontlines of the COVID pandemic. AMA
18+ years experience in distance education/online learning technologies and operations for USNWR #1 ranked online engineering program - AMA
I overdosed twice before the age of 18, I'm 21 now. AMA
Grew up as a Jehovah's witness (now atheist) AMA!
I cannot fucking sleep AMA
I’m a teen furry, AMA
I know things about the Titanic AMA
Developing original characters to pass time. Ask them anything.
AMA and I will answer with the lyrics from what I’m listening to
I'm a scientist. My team has been able to answer the question, 'How much gay is too much gay?' We've determined that the point at which there is too much gay is when sexual relations between men and women are reduced to the point at which the birth rate drops to below replacement levels. AMA
I am pulling weeds (no not the smoke kind) AMA
i hate hold music with a passion. ama.
I'm social awkward and social retarded by choice.
I believe I might have Tourette's Syndrome, AMA
Diagnosed with multiple personality disorder (dissociative identity disorder) AMA
My grandma died of C-19. AMA
I have a waterboarding kink and a bug kink AMA
AMA and I will answer with the lyrics I’m listening to
[Serious] I’m 15 and still afraid of the dark. AMA
I have a houseplant obsession, AMA
I am a catfishing, manipulative, pathological liar diagnosed with APD. AMA
I will make a connection between any two words, so Reddit, Ama
I’m a bad bitch ask me anything
I’m a current s/worker who’s been in the industry 2 years as a full service GFE escort. AMA
I keep 30+ exotic animals, AMA!
I was born in Mauritius but I live in Ireland AMA
I need karma so I can snark on a reality TV show. AMA!
I hear voices. AMA.
I like answering questions, AMA
I can answer any question with a Bill Wurtz quote
Just wanted to talk to someone. 16 year old I like playing chess but suck at it
Psychosis from meditation
I am (yet another) developer that quit a stable job to follow his dreams of making video games. AMA
Ulymyöe öfultsatkstlöIöIöRulUlhsvsbs AMA
I’m a published aviation photographer and pilot all at 16 y/o
I am an antifascist protester, ask me anything
I actually need toilet paper AMA
Akathisia sufferer
I am a 16yr old anorexia survivor who also has autism, anxiety and sadly was molested 10 years ago although I have not been able to come out to more than one person IRL about it. AMA
I got no friends. Spending this lockdown alone. AMA
I've never touched the button " insert and end " on my keyboard AMA
I have 1 dollar, what should I do with it?
I dont fear talking in front of class AMA
Where I live lizards are so common that there are always several in my bedroom at any given time - AMA
Nothing special about me, just wanted to talk to someone.
5sos AMA
My friend told me to post here so I guess I shall
I’m not infected with CoronaVirus. AMA!
I live - AMA
I am a 17 year old scammer AMA
I’m 15 and I have 8.5in penis AMA
I am a 24yo incel from UK, AMA everything you want to know
Surviving a tough college program with many chronic diseases, AMA
AMA about the 100 U.S. senators
I am a soldier stuck at my mobilization site due to the virus. Currently just waiting to go overseas. AMA!
I am a sexpat currently in Thailand, I had sex with many many trans girls. AMA!
I’m about to unsubscribe to r/AMA. Ask me anything before I leave! Absolutely anything
I have Achluophobia (Fear Of The Dark) ASK ME ANYTHING!!!
I don't celebrate April 1st. AMA
idk
@5sos_official
I’m bawling my eyes ama
I trespassed into my old elemetrey (i guess i need to go back lol) school. AMA
I am the child of a NP(Narcissistic Parent) ama
Ex Serbian armed forces soldier
I had sex with Hugh Hefner. AMA
I’m eating pizza rn, AMA
I’m a random 16 year old norwegian guy AMA!
I used to jerk off to clops (MLP R34) but now my sanity is back on track and i dont do that anymore AMA!
My grandfather was a guard in east Berlin ask him anything ama
All my friends have the same name! AMA
I practice witchcraft, (r/AMA)
I used to live in Doveton, basically the ghetto of Melbourne. AMA
I got scoliosis surgery a few weeks ago and now I’ve got metal in my back. AMA!
It’s my Cake Day AMA
I have dissociative identity disorder. AMA
Questions for 5sos
@5sos_official what's your favorite song on the C A L M album? love you guys!
I have 17 piercings AMA
I just ate a bunch of mustard and now my stomach feels bad. AMA.
Diagnosed sociopath AMA
My girlfriend died, AMA
Dad has severe case of COVID-19 AMA/cheer me up
Republicans a pretty cool guy and doesn't afraid of anything. AMA
We are homeschooling and unschooling experts. Ask us anything.
I’m 22, I have COVID-19, asthma, and an autoimmune disease. AMA.
Family's under quarantine, I'm bored. AMA
I am actually a tall man. AMA
Hey Reddit! I just had explosive diarrhea anal leakage. AMA
I work technical support and customer support for a GPS tracking manufacturer AMA!
I hate women, AMA
I remember my past life. ~Titanic -AMA
I used to be the step-son of James Garretson, a man who owned numerous tigers and other exotic animals, and was recently interviewed on an episode of the Tiger King. AMA
@5sos_official idek how to do this
I am talking to 40 people at once on tinder during quarantine AMA
AMA, then edit you question to make me sound like a dick!
I Am An Ex-Child. AMA.
I’m an autistic 2nd year Australian medical student AMA
I (21F) just went through a tornado. AMA
I have albinism, and am legally blind. Ask anything.
CONSULTA PARTICULAR
Consulta
I have been in self isolation since June 2019 AMA
My PE teacher did “things” with my classmate and is now arrested. AMA
I know loads about rollercoasters. AMA.
Is there a question you’ve wanted to ask a bi person, well I’m here AMA
I literally lived in a haunted house - AMA
I’m a 15 year old biromantic/asexual trans boy currently bored out of my mind at home. I have a passion for drawing and musical theater, but also love heavy metal and rock music. Oh also I have ADHD and OCD. AMA
very important question
I am procrastinating ama
I need more karma to be able to ask for assistance AMA
I would like to request an AMA with Tucker Carlson of Fox News channel. No snippity liberal comments needed.
I was going out with this chick but I had to break it off. She seemed normal at first but then she started acting all fucked up. AMA
I grew up in Dubai for 11 years, AMA
Ask the darkest question you can think of and I’ll try to make a lighthearted answer to it. AMA
I am a bored 19 year old. Instead of asking, TELL me anything.
@5sos_official
I’m the daughter of an hotel owner, AMA!
Ask me anything and I will make my answer as evil as possible. Then edit the question to make me seem like a good guy
I was a black hat hacker, Ama
I am a Registered Investment Adviser Representative, managing $120 million of assets for clients through this downturn. AMA!
I am a culinary student who is supposed to graduate this year if COVID doesn't mess that up who wants to make a change.
I'm gonna disagree with you on everything you say.
Am i the a hole for punching a guy in the face so he got knocked?
I am making a game with my friends during this difficult time, AMA!
Tele nurse, owner of retired science monkeys, gardener, and crafter. Ask me stuff
I’m drunk rn ama
FONDECYT 1170842
I was asked to do this so... I live and grew up in Oklahoma and visited the Greater Wynnewood Zoo, the one owned by Tiger King, AMA
Ask me anything, then edit your question to make me look like a bad guy
Ask me the most ridiculous questions and then edit the question to make it sound horrible AMA
I have a redhead Girlfriend AMA
College drop out, networth &gt; $1mil
During a heavy night of drinking with my wife she basically bet me I can’t milk her whilst somehow getting her to ingest it I did 4:50am she passed out I milked her and 2 hours ago I put some in her coffee I have won I’m also a midget which makes this 80x more funny I’m the milkin midget AMA
AMA and i will reply in morse code
I’m a gen Z asian and I’m very right wing. AMA
I used to be a gay man. Then I became a transtard, got the operation and became a straight woman. If you don't want to fuck me then you're a hater and should be arrested and thrown in jail. AMA
I was continuously labeled as gifted growing up, and recently tested as having a genius IQ. AMA
I am a Cuckold AMA
25/F Stoned AF and bored in lockdown AMA
@5sos_offical
drum solos :-P
Junk mail
Hi! Let’s do this the other way round. You will write something like hello or anything and I will ask YOU a question based on your profile.
I am a college student who just got out of a 14-day government-imposed lockdown in Jordan, a country with one of the world's strictest lockdowns. AMA
I'm a chef currently alone at work, no guests and nothing to do. AMA PLEASE
My best friend came out to me as gay last night, AMA
I am Gavesh Bhargava ask me anything
I'm a diagnosed schizophrenic AMA
I’m a girl. AMA!
I am an antisemite, AMA
I think I just found out today that I’m autistic. AMA
I have a life long STD and I’ve been living with it for 5 years. AMA
dudas rendición online fondecyrt regular
I masturbate to pictures of famous female celebrities all day every day. AMA
I'm Toss a Batch T. My daily routine is: I wake up and toss a batch. Then I eat some Luck Charms or Apple Jacks. Then I play video games for about four hours. Then I watch some porn and toss another batch. After dinner I go on Reddit then watch more porn, toss another batch and go to sleep. AMA
I am currently stuck in Africa and have no way back. AMA
until corona is over I refuse to do anything for boomers
I’m an alcoholic that doesn’t want to get better, AMA
I was a thug boss at my previous school. Now a new man and put my thug years behind me. AMA
@5sos_official
Ask me a question about Geometry Dash and edit the reply to make me look weird. AMA.
I am 14 yrs old and i've been deaf my whole life but been hearing since i was a few months old with cochlear implants. Ask me anything.
@5sos_official
I'm young college boy with gigantic cuckold fetish (hung guys, rich guys, alpha males, etc) and I'm feminine bodied, not sissy but weak thin and completely shaven. I'm 75% straight though, I only date girls. Please ask anything.
I'm in rehab, AMA
I’m working from home right now. Except my job is scheduling technical support visits, which are suspended indefinitely thanks to our wonderfully caring CEO.
I’m an 18 year old who left my home country against the wishes of my parents to marry a guy I met on minecraft. AMA
Due to an emotionally abusive ex forcing her fetishization of gay men on me when I was younger, anything that rankles of “yaoi” to me makes me extremely uncomfortable. AMA and if I remember that I even made this in the morning I’ll answer!
I was not born on the day Tupac died AMA
I'm a food delivery driver during the COVID-19 outbreak, AMA
I'm shmacked as shit ama
Currently on a tractor working the land, AMA
I have "Irish twins" (10 month age gap) in the same school year
Was once arrested and when it occurred they completely shackled and handcuffed me. AMA
Lead singer for a metal band 15 (M). AMA
Lead singer for a metal band 14 (m). AMA
Due to coronavirus my father is no working (no making money neither) and maybe our govern “stoles” everyones money from banks AMA
HELP ME
I had a mental break, and realized that I did it to myself. AMA
After going through multiple relations ; it's only now that I discovered that I am an attractive guy.AMA
I broke up with my long distance boyfriend last night while drunk, AMA.
Former teenage meth addict
Hi 5sos babies 😎
I was born with bronchial asthma AMA!
I beat up my one been best friend AMA
I have a confirmed case of covid 19 AMA
I’m from New Zealand but ethnically Indian, AMA
AMA and find out where I'm from.
I am a teenager that lives in New York City during this quarantine, ama
I’m a communist. AMA
I had to cancel my wedding in April due to the Coronavirus, so my partner and I decided to elope today. AMA
I am an ICU Nurse in a strictly COVID unit in California. Ask me anything.
I was born on April Fools, ama
I watch a lot of anime and read a lot of manga. AMA
37M 6’2” 230 lb masculine guy who dreams about being a homemaker. FLR at a level 1 or maybe 2.
I'm a guy who's 5'4", ama
I drove from Michigan to Alaska during the “thaw” AMA!
I got diagnosed with autism at the age of 18, AMA!
I need someone to talk to I'm sad and bored cause of quarantine ama.
I live in Venezuela
I just made my mother cry on the phone, ama
I´ve just fucked my cousin..., AMA
Currently in centralized quarantine in ShenZhen, China AMA
I’m starting an OnlyFans on Wednesday. AMA.
AMA - I'm gonna be in a meeting soon. I'm bored and i need to look like i'm doing something important.
Arizona’s “Stay at home order.” AMA
AMA
I'm about to go to sleep AMA and I will give a grumpy answer in the morning
You can tune a piano...
5sos merch
I broke up 2 days before lockdown. AMA
I [19F] just dropped 2/4 of my classes at uni making me a part-time student instead of full-time AMA
My best friend's great grandfather was the founder of the Archenhold Observatory and acquaintances with the smartest man to ever live ask her anything
I worked for the Tiger King for 5 years.... AMA
You can turn a piano...
I worked for the Tiger King.....AMA. (crosspost)
I am a 15yr old who has just too much to share. AMA
I’m a liberated man. AMA
I am an ex thief, ask me anything...
I worked as an au pair in Spain for 10 months. AMA
I nearly went permanently blind in a hospital about two and a half years ago. AMA
Currently in quarantine here in Aus. AMA
AMA about anything, I'll give you an answer or Google one for you or just make something up that someone would buy. Also ask any math questions you may have I can answer them for you but keep it simple please basic addition subtraction and division no multiplication.
I finished Steven Universe Into the future at 1:30 in the morning ask me anything
I believe that everyone can feel how they want and be who they want, but I also believe that whatever gender you were born as genetically, you will always be that when it comes to DNA. But I would like to here differing opinions or am open to questions and/or respectful debates please
I am bored out of my mind. AMA
Stay-at-home-mom &amp; homeschool teacher here. Ask me anything!
Chicago Bartender who’s jobs are all closed AMA
I went through aversion therapy (counter conditioning) for alcohol and drug addiction. AMA
Plz ama
I am a young writer who has been writing and perfecting the same story for almost 10 years AMA
I haven’t left my house in 17 days and i’m incredibly bored. AMA
I am 25 years old and still sleep with the light on because I get night terrors and sleep paralysis frequently. AMA
Escucho pasos en mi casa cuando estoy solo, ¿Que hago?
I lived through a revolution ama
I was the key witness in a murder trial, AMA
I have decided that I'm not going to date at all AMA
I was onboard Juice WRLDs Private Jet AMA
AMA
I am doing quarantine with my 4year relationship ex girl friend AMA
I can see ghosts, AMA
I’m a music snob AMA
AMA
I was Hospitalized as and 8 year old, AMA
I have one of the most confusing sexualities, AMA
I'm going to get Leg Lengthening surgery next year, ama
I’m loosing my virginity tomorrow. AMA
I teach and escort on the side, AMA
I hope corona takes my mother out, ama
I am a mental furry. I have animal urges, and sometimes act on them. AMA
I put an entire sleeve of crackers in my soup every time. AMA.
Transgender (ftm) 13 year old who's bored and tired. Unsupportive parents, shit mental health. AMA
I want to start writing in a journal/short stories. AMA to inspire some ideas please!
Ask me anything about one of these:
I'm a college student stuck at home and I can't sleep. Ask me anything!
Objects talk to me. AMA
I'm Texan, ama
I Just Joined Reddit. AMA
I am a Hong Kong high school boy. AMA
I’m bored af. Ask me the most messed up questions. AMA
I finished learning my 4th language (3rd foreigen language) at age 20 , AMA
I don't know how to feel AMA
My fiance and I eloped this morning after we cancelled our wedding due to Coronavirus. AMA.
I'm pissed because my favorite water bottle broke. AMA.
Heyyyyyyy
When I was 7, I had Altocelarophobia. AMA
It's my birthday tomorrow (25) and I've never felt more alone/suicidal AMA
People Of Reddit. whats the best. And thats how I met your mother story?
I'm bored and no one important
I just fell down my stairs AMA.
My grandmother recently passed away from dementia, AMA.
I am a 22 yr old Indian girl who loves football. AMA
Last Friday I was laid off from the Art/Creative Department of Hobby Lobby Corporate. AMA.
I am too wet and horny, AMA
Just Ask Me Anything
I Escaped Gang Life AMA
I’m non-binary. AMA.
I just turned thirteen AMA
Ex Venezuelan soldier (cadet in the reserves, tranlator.) AMA
I haven't slept in 6 days AMA
[F26] Me and my family we studied and practiced the voodoo more than 50 years. In our country, my mother and grandmother are shamans and true witches. AMA!
I'm a Christain AMA
I’ve been in isolation for 7 days AMA
I gave up my career ten years ago to care for ailing family. Now I'm in my forties and am making $7.25 an hour, no benefits or sick days. I can't afford to live or die. AMA.
Working mother if 5 whos boyfriend is a self centered entitle piece if shit AMA
I am 69, AMA
What’s the biggest thing that backfired on you?
Japanese mom of two, almost three. AMA
I’m a 38 year old chef stuck at home during this pandemic with four kids and a “wife” who got drunk last night and just admitted to cheating on me but only “kissing” someone else. Ask me anything.
I’m a person. A.M.A.!
An airline pilot in the UK, currently nowhere near an aircraft. AMA
I’m a cis woman married to a transgender man (female to male). AMA
I have infiltrated terrorist and child abuse ( bride grooming ) groups. AMA
(TW: Abuse) I am a male victim of teen dating violence. AMA
I have a magic 8 ball, ask me anything!
I’m a cis woman married to a transgender man (female to male). AMA
5 years since that last drink and I regret nothing. AMA Bitches
I’m the youngest in a dysfunctional family of 4. Ask me anything.
I just found out I love trannies AMA
I like preschool shows and I’m a teen. AMA
As payback for a bad childhood, I am downright cruel to my mother as an adult, ama
I am from Brazil, AMA!
Currently on a Stay Home Notice in a hotel in Singapore as I just arrived from the US. Confined to my hotel room for the next 14 days. Need more Karma to post on r/singapore. AMA
I used to live in the sewers ama
I’m just a regular ass dude in his 20s. AMA!
Literally just ask me any question in the world
Hello, my name is IceAndFirebird_21! I'm no one special, but I have a goal to become a large content creator. Tomorrow I mark the official start of my journey, AMA!
Back again &amp; bored af, I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
Cake day will forever more be the day I was rejected for a promotion AMA
I've won the lottery 5 months ago. AMA
I have ADHD. AMA
I'm a quadruplet. AMA
My Grandfather fought in ww2 Ask him anything
I used to be an internet troll. AMA.
Mister Z Movies
In quarantine getting cross faded with my dad AMA
I work in an old folks care centre with confirmed cases of covid-19. AMA
I'm a furry essentially living a double life. AMA
I recently found out that the person i was seeing was married with a couple kids. AMA.
I have Tourette syndrome, AMA
I’m an ex-addict turned Marine. AMA.
Italian here. In quarantine since 20 days. I have lost my sleep cycle. It’s 3:30AM and I’m not even a tiny bit sleepy. AMA!
Italian here. In quarantine since 20 days. I have lost my sleep cycle. It’s 3:30 and I’m not even a tiny sleepy. AMA
I’m 22 (f) and want to get married AMA
I'm a young teen, but I'm also an ambient Frank Sinatra fan, AMA!
I want to have a deep discussion about human nature, our beginnings, and our end. AMA!
A just killed a huge ass bug in my room AMA
I'm infected with COVID-19! AMA
Didn't realize it was my cake day today. AMA
Amy the hedgehog here! AMA
I was a online slave for a few weeks when I was 12. AmA
I finally figured out my gender identity after years of confusion. I am nonbinary, AMA.
Ask me anything
I’m a boy that wants boobs, ask away!
My mother used tickle torture instead of beating us growing up AMA
.
I'm pretty much a hermit AMA
🌸I'm an axolotl that lives with my human, amber🌸
She triggered me into Schizophrenia, I wrote a book about it with aliens, AMA
I have autism, and had a reputation for being the smartest person in the room during school ama
Need Karma so I can post on a sub AMA :)
I will roast you no matter what you say. AMA.
I am a vicim of munchausen syndrome by proxy.
I technically own Google, Amazon, Facebook, McDonalds, and Tesla. AMA
Ask me anything, and then edit your question to make it cursed
My mother was my high school principal. AMA
I'm a recent suicide attempt survivor and I just need to talk. AMA
I have type 1 diabetes.. AMA
i /actually/ have multiple personalities, AMA
i'm an autistic teenage musician. AMA
Current NY RN AMA
Hmmm
Saw a nude on Reddit this morning and instantly recognized the person...a relative. AMA
John Stamos (AMA)
I am a Costco employee. AMA
I'm an average joe that wants to be messed with right now. Ask me anything, and edit your questions to make me look bad.
I'm an average joe that wants to be messed with right now. Ask me anything, and edit your questions to make me look bad.
I am 1/6 people (yes only 6 saw it) who went to see the LOWEST Grossing film of all time: Zyzzyx Road - AMA
I've showered 2 times in the past 24 days AMA
I'm a Chinese with law degrees (LLB&amp;LLM) from China, been practicing in an international law firm in Beijing for 2.5 years. Lived in China and Switzerland, currently living in the US. AMA
I had a Father who survived SARS and I have survived COVID-19. AMA
We postponed our wedding in April due to Coronavirus and just got home after eloping. Ask me anything.
I had Corona virus AMA
I have nothing to watch. AMA.
I'm an orthodox hassidic Jew AMA
drum solos :-o
We post-poned our wedding in April due to Coronavirus and we just eloped. AMA
I lived as a fugitive for four years under a fake identity before turning myself in. AmA.
Tax Questions? Ask us! We are a tax firm in Ohio, USA
It’s 5Am here, still awake and I’m an automation engineer. AMA
I have a bifid uvula (double uvula) that looks like a ballsack in the back of my throat AMA
Socially Isolated Listening To GWA Ask Away (F)
My penis is so small it obeys quantum physics, AMA
I lived next to 2 FBI agent’s AMA
I was born after 9/11 AMA
I have no empathy, AMA
Im suprisingly good at relationship advice, AMA.
27/f zoophile will answer everything AMA
I'm an identical twin AMA
You’re my friend everyone’s my friend ama
Im not participating in ww3
No party, but a parade for myself AMA
Wipping my butthole properly is a challenge for me, AMA
@5sos_official How do you decide what guitar you take with you on each tour?
i had gastric sleeve surgery and lost 133 lbs ama
I’m a firefighter AMA
I am a teenager AMA!
I’m a graduate student in economics AMA
I’m a bored 13 Y/O who lives in Fl. I do not have the Coronavirus. AMA
I lived through (so far) a worldwide pandemic! AMA!
I have crohns disease AMA.
I found hair inside my butthole, AMA
I'm a literary genius. AMA.
My wife watches me get fucked by other men at least once a week. Ama
My Name is Covid-19 aka Coronavirus. Ask me anything.
I had dinner with Pearl Jam once and Soundgarden was supposed to help me and my roommate move from one house to another in college. I also ended up having breakfast with Kurt Cobain and the rest of Nirvana at a diner in Toronto at 4AM the night "Smells Like Teen Spirit" was released. AMA
Fat People. Do you know what I mean? Up here in Canada it's like, "Yep. You keep on hittin the McDonalds and drinking that Mountain Dew so you can develop heart disease, get diabetes and have a hip replacement but hey, don't worry about it because I'll pay for it all through my tax dollars." AMA
@5SOS_Official How do you decide what guitar/ Drum Set you bring with you on your?
AMA, I'm from Finland:)
Guy living on quarantine for two weeks and two more to go. Also can't go outside between 8pm and 5am and the army is on the streets. AMA.
@5sos_official
@5sos_official
AMA but my hamster will walk on the keyboard
I need karma so ama
Ask My Cat Anything
I was groomed by a pedophile when I was 11-12. AMA
Republicans want the contagion to be as bad as possible AMA
I’m gonna have to celebrate my birthday in quarantine and I won’t be able to see my girlfriend until all of this is over. AMA!
I've applied to four game shows, reached the first round of interviews in all four, and appeared on two. AMA
Today my friend and I planned to rape someone, AMA
Okay, so my grandparents got scammed for 80 thousand euros, I want revenge on this guy, but don't really know how... any tips?
High School Counselor AMA
I work as a cashier for a British supermarket. AMA
My game was postponed ama
@5sos_official
I'm a member of the Satanic Temple. AMA.
Am a grocery store worker working through the growing covid-19 epidemic. Ask me anything
5 Seconds of Summer Reddit AMA
I dated a guy who used and assaulted me. AMA
I have Germ ocd. AMA
I'm a native Chinese citizen living in Europe at the moment, AMA
my state just went into immediate lockdown, and my little brother’s birthday is tomorrow AMA
drum solos :-P
AMA but once i reply and make me look like a dunce
the only person I'm nice to is my boyfriend, ama
Bisexual that wants to date women. AMA.
I am poor with Super rich friends (own private jets etc) AMA
Hi I’m a student during the COVID-19 epidemic. (18enby) AMA
I am a former art museum security guard, ama
Somos el Equipo ANID, Subdirección de Proyectos de Investigación, programa Fondecyt
I thought I was safe AMA
.
Millionaire hiding beeing rich
@5sos_official
My Sister is Pretty Much a Gamer Girl AMA (non serious)
I know it's already been done, but I wanted you to do it with me, AMA and edit the question so I look like a total son of a bitch
My parents constant verbally abuse me. Ama.
I'm a 15YO male homeschooled kid. The quarantine hasnt affected me at all because of me being homeschooled my whole life. AMA
I was somewhat of a sex worker when I was around 15-16 years old AMA
stream calm by 5sos&lt;3
It took me an entire year to realized I dodged a bullet with my ex - AMA
I'm a 20 year old guy who discovered his sexuality (Bi) less then a year ago AMA
i had the coronavirus, ama
@5sos_official what is the most interesting thing you have done while on quarantine?
I put ice in my milk, sleep with socks, bite into my ice cream, and much more “horrible” things AMA
I'm bored AMA
I spent 10 days living in a town in the mountains of Nicaragua with a host family, going school to school to teach local children. AMA :)
I am quadrilingual, AMA
I'm a metalhead with ADHD, anxiety, and a highly gifted IQ but I'm failing out of school. AMA
I’m a normal human. AMA
CALM
I watch a lot of anime and also read a lot of manga.AMA
[Crosspost] World Bipolar Day AMA on r/IAmA! We are bipolar disorder experts and scientists, ask us anything!
I am a ex-member if the Morman Church, AMA
I was born on Christmas Day. AMA
I’m a 2nd grade teacher doing remote learning during quarantine. AMA
I'm (23m) going crazy in quarantine with my parents (64m, 59f), AMA
My big toenail fell off like ten minutes ago. AMA.
I have ADHD and Aspergers, AMA
After failing the majority of my classes in Freshman year of high school, I was shipped off to military summer school in Virginia (I live in far north rural VT) for a month, when I was 14 (I am now a couple months shy of 21). It's a lot different than most people think it is. Ask me anything!
No context, just AMA
@5sos_official have u tried ukrainian food?
Drunk everyday
Just blocked someone who has been grooming me for almost 2 years AMA
I have a lot of self harm scars. AMA
[Crosspost] World Bipolar Day AMA on r/IAmA! We are bipolar disorder experts and scientists, ask us anything!
On my 16th and 17th birthday, I had a sibling in the hospital. I'm now a week from my eighteenth birthday, which I will spend in quarantine. AMA.
When I was 17 I was secretly sleeping with my friend's mother. AMA
I failed my freshman year of high school and was sent to a military summer school in Virginia for it (I live an hour from the Canadian border) AMA
I'm depressed, drunk, and bored AMA.
I have a very good intuiton, sometimes i know that things are bad or gonna be bad without even happen in the first place or without no one tell me. AMA
I have a very good intuiton, sometimes i know that things are bad or gonna be bad without even happen in the first place or without no one tell me. AMA
Ask me for advice
Ask me some philosophical questions
I was in a relationship with a teacher in school. AMA
I have Chronic Anemia. AMA
I am a very young jockey AMA
I attempted to kill myself but survived. AMA
I'm an identical twin estranged from my family. AMA
Here’s a challenge, I have a mental disorder, work out what it is by AMA
I am a landlord who predominantly rents out section 8 housing, AMA.
I am an accountant. AMA.
I’m training to be a professional mermaid
I'm a trans guy and tomorrow is trans day of visibility. AMA
I know of who is about to get fired long before they do and I start preparing, AMA
I'm a Sanitation engineer ask me anything
I am new to reddit! I have no idea what I'm doing. AMA
I'm a homeless guerilla gardener. Ask me anything!
I followed my dreams. AMA
My and my friend's birthday party got ruined beacuze of the corona virus. AMA
A year off booze, and on weed.
When I was a kid, there was this guy in my home town that used to wear a mask and he would come up to people in the street at night and whip out his cock and yell, "Suck my cock!" Nobody ever caught him. Years later, after my father died, I found out it was him. AMA
I’m self quarantining from my grandparents (who have been social distancing themselves for over a month) for 12 more days and I’m bored out of my mind. AMA.
I am an avid poster on r/gonewild in an open relationship AMA
Stuck at home because of covid19 and wanna hurt my mom real bad AMA.
I often don't know what to write when I have to reply. AMA
I have an 8.5 inch (22 cm) dick, AMA
Sometimes I like to look at pictures of guy's cocks. I'm not gay tho. AMA
I own two luxury brothels / sex clubs ... AMA
I gave my professor a blowjob. AMA.
Today March 30th is my birthday AMA
I have sex with every beautiful woman I meet. I just point at my dick and say, "Hit it, bitch," and then they hit it. I have a huge party at my Manhattan apartment every week with Victoria's Secret models and porn stars and I just walk up to two bitches and say, "You two. Naked. In my bed. Now." AMA
I'm bilingual and will soon be trilingual AMA
I was a teen parent at 16 year old and am now in my 30s. AMA
hello everyone I'm am the owner of the biggest cock in India AMA!!!!!!
My grandparents survived the holocaust and are still alive. Two went to buchenwald, one to Treblinka, and one to Auschwitz-Birkenau. Ask us anything
I'm a teenage girl in lockdown, the "quiet kid", my irl friend didn't call me for a month and I have many friends online, I probably have anxiety and depression but I'm not sure. AMA
I dated a teacher my senior year of high school....fire away!
my crush just said she doesnt love me, AMA
Vote in my twitter poll which is the best cartoon?
I found out yesterday that normal condom does not fit on my dick because condom is too tight. AMA
I have ASPD, ama
I've got to the stage where I don't believe a single thing I've read on reddit. Or facebook. Go catch a boston bomber heh
I dislike all music, AMA!
I cheated on my last partner to escape an abusive relationship. I still and always feel like a terrible person. AMA.
I'm bored with online learning, so AMA
I'm a cashier at a grocery store during the pandemic, AMA
I spent a week at the psych ward. AMA
I was embarrassed of my parents all the time because everyone in town thought they were weird and other parents wouldn't let their kids come over to play at my house. I think the single most embarrassing moment for me as a teenager was when they showed up at my high school graduation. AMA
I was 1 in 650 people, who died in a plane crash. AMA!
I’m terrified of dating women because my family is homophobic. AMA.
Im a kpop fan . AMA
I’m italian. AMA
I ran away from home at 17.
i hate online school so AMA
Literally ask me anything but edit the replies to make me sound like a horrible person
My dad died of an unknown diseases.AMA
I am a 16 year old Latino/Afro American male quarantined with ADHD.
I’m boy from finland AMA
I made 2.5 k karma in a 3 days ama
I've never(rarely) used curse words/cussing/expletives. AMA
I’m living a lie
I cant get on IXL to do my schoolwork AMA
Im gonna answer your questions with an insult depending on the question. AMA
I am a Bouncer for a retro arcade bar in NYC. Ask me anything!
AMA but edit your comment to make my response offensive
I am a cashier at a grocery store AMA
I graduated High school at 12-13 AMA
I'm a 16 year old who is obsessed with Billy Joel and Phantom of the Opera. I'm the only kid that knows Billy's WHOLE catalogue by heart. AMA.
It's My Birthday and I'm in Quarentine!!! AMA
I will try and guess a game you are talking about- but really badly. AMA
I will try and guess which game you are talking about without using the title. AMA
I go to an online meeting for science class in 2 minutes, AMA!
I was just rewarded a full-tuition scholarship for my perfect school, AMA!
I survived narcissistic parents and life is a lot better now, AMA
I own two luxury brothels ... AMA
someone i know died from corona virus. AMA
We got a case of Corona virus in my building, AMA
Trump is the Chosen One. Trump is doing God's will on Earth. Trump is Knowledge. Trump is Faith. Trump is Love. AMA
My bf is tik tok famous... AMA!
I am a 17 year old alcoholic
I'm an unlicensed medical practitioner - ama!
I had a mental break. AMA
I am a 13 year old boy with klinefelter's syndrome (xxy syndrome) AMA
Im an Atheist at a predominantly Christian country- Philippines. AMQ
Im an Atheist at a predominantly inhabited country- Philippines. AMA
Yesterday i had the corona but im recovered now
I've been to 7 schools throughout my 16 years of existence. AMA
I’m 20 and haven’t had my first kiss. AMA
I’m Irish AMA
I'm Bisexual. AMA
I’m 16 and I’ve been addicted to meth for 10 months. Ask me anything
I think Trump supporters are Mitch McConnel supporters AMA
I practice medicine without a license. Ask me anything!
I get offended at anything you tell me AMA
(TW) I've survived over a dozen suicide attempts. AMA
I’m one of the unlucky people who still has to work even though half of my state is on a shut down order. (PA) AMA
My Great grand mother had 10 children. 8 Female and 2 Male. She is 105 year old and she is still very much alive. AMA
My Great grand mother had 10 children 8 Female and 2 Male. She is still alive and she is 105 year old and still very much alive.AMA
I've lived in Spain, Mexico, and the United States AMA
People believe I was in a child sex ring
I am infected with COVID-19. Ask me anything.
I need 5,000 karma AMA
I'm a 15 year old male with ulcerative colitis AMA
American dude currently in government-mandated quarantine in Shanghai, China AMA
I’m excited for the Coronavirus panic to get worse. AMA
Just found out I’m positive for Covid-19, AMA
I'm a mind reader AMA
I share my birthday with my brother (We aren't twins) AMA
I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder. People usually like to take my issues and make it about themselves. AMA
Post Malone
I can’t say the right thing on here
I own a pizza restaurant
‘Elf’ isolating
I am currently spending my birthday alone like last year and the year before that. AMA
I drank a 6pack of coolers and have to be up with the babies in 4hours AMA
American man currently in Day 2 of a State-run central quarantine in China. AMA
My best friend is a sociopath. She thinks I’m one too and, in all honesty, she’s starting to convince me. AMA
Today is my birthday and I'm spending it alone because of Corona, AMA
I’m a teenage boy and I’m part of a nudist family. AMA
I’m short AMA
This is my first Reddit account and it's less than a week old. Ask me anything.
I was born with actually no nails on my hands or feet. AMA
I'm a Male from the United States Of America AMA
I'm a Security Officer at a Large Biotech Company. AMA
Ive had a sprained ankle before,AMA
I'm a 19YO Male sub to my 22YO female girlfriend/dom. AMA
I’m a dude that’s scared of spiders AMA
I’m 16M and I am part of a Nudist Family. AMA
I'm a 15-year-old with diagnosed depression, who just got accepted for homeschooling! I'm so glad, AMA
What if you could stop time for everyone except you? This is just a joke question and to avoid scientific problems
Today is my cake day! Ask me anything
Just a 17 year old boy, AMA
I have short term memory loss, like Dory AMA
Bacon
I am a 15 year old girl and part of a nudist family. AMA
I plan out every aspect of my day and life AMA
I’ll reply to anything with a joke AMA
I have level 1 Autism, AMA.
I'm from Poland and live in Germany. AMA
I accidentally spent all my steam money on a game I suck at and now I can’t get my money back and now I’m bored AMA
Read this and AMA.
I know where the Mulan szechuan saue is
Today is my birthday I'm a quarter of a century old AMA!
Im on the verge of falling asleep ama
I am currently very drunk ama
I've been vegetarian my whole life AMA
I'm an unlicensed, unauthorized practitioner of medicine. I'm inundated with patients because of COVID-19 fears. AMA!
I’m a 4’8 lesbian. Ask me anything
I ate 1/2 of a jar of salsa and 1/3 of a bag of tortilla chips.AMA
I am a 26(M) who has never found love AMA
I am someone who has never found love AMA
I’m high as phuck... ask me anything.
I do not like to eat eggs. AMA
It’s 2:55 a.m. where I am and I can hear coyotes howling AMA
I am a shut-in. This has nothing to do with Covid-19, I have been one for years. Interested in how I spend the massive amount of time I have on my hands? (and maybe how you could spend yours now that you're all inside like me), how this is affecting me, if at all? or any other questions? Well, AMA.
How should ask this girl out ?
My dad has died of an unknown diseases.AMA
I'm bored AMA
I was a Mexican soldier during the drug war in Mexico AMA
I have an obsession with medical mysteries / undiagnosed chronic illnesses. I do random research for fun daily and have helped diagnosed multiple people when docs couldn't. It all started with my own rare disorders. AMA
I’m a lesbian and have a boyfriend. AMA!
AMA me anything then edit what you asked to make seem creepy
I slept with your mother ask me anything
I am currently having an online class session,AMA
Introducing! THE MVP SIMP!!!! Ama.
Introducing! THE MVP SIMP!!!! Ama.
Introducing! THE MVP SIMP!!!! Ama.
I haven't brushed my teeth in 8 years. AMA
Introducing! THE MVP SIMP!!!! Ama.
Introducing! THE MVP SIMP!!!!! AMA.
I committed two hit and runs before 15 AMA
Streaming TV choices
My father works in senior level politics AMA
i’m depressed and suicidal, ama
I am completely blind at age 24 and have delt with vision issues since birth ask me anything
I have insomnia. AMA
Gimme a word and I’ll make it a JoJo Reference: Stardust Crusaders
I, 32M, like when dogs fuck me. AMA.
I’m a Fast Food Worker In One of The Worst States For COVID-19 AMA
I used to have depression and cut myself a lot. AmA
In a still functioning school (Aus) that still has not shutdown amidst the pandemic AMA
I'm 15 AMA
AMA I’m Knuck Chorris
I'm a Camgirl...Ask me anything
I went limp during sex and couldnt finish im 18 AMA
I’ve had sex with over 35 women (25 y/o) AMA
AMA Request: A lawyer who obtained their license by "reading the law."
I (20/M) had a thong slip in front of a 200 student college class. AMA!
I have no idea how to do these. AMA
I’m from the south AMA
I like girls. 22 f. AMA.
I am a severe Pyromaniac. AMA
I’ve been in a cop chase with my moms car when I was 16. AMA
My partner is 400lbs AMA
I have spent many seconds trying to think of something unique about myself for karma and am exhausted AMA
I got a 99% vanilla on the bdsmtest (the famous one)
I have level 2 autism ama
I cant seem to keep a conversation going. AMA
I was falsely put into a class for people who are Intellectually Disabled AMA
I’ve been going by Jenna for almost a full year now AMA
I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
I've been to residential treatment for anorexia nervosa twice. AMA
I’m very depressed and possibly a sociopath with other underlying mental health issues AMA
Animal lover who catches and kills hundreds of fish with knife by hand every trip. AMA
I had been interned in an asylum even though I was sane : Ama.
Im the dumbest person in the world, AMA.
I Start Every Day with a Coffee, Line of Coke and NOTHING but Carmen King Videos AMA (I MEAN NOTHING [I Jerk Off to Her])
I'm ready to die, ama
I just shaved off my eyebrows to look like Marilyn Manson. AMA
My favorite color is purple AMA
I’m a recovered anorexic, currently pregnant, and a mental health therapist specializing in trauma and eating disorders AMA
I am a clone trooper who used to serve on the Clone Wars. AMA
My first cake day ends in less than 2 hours. AMA
I am an Australian. AMA
I am a autistic teenager AMA
Bored, drunk, quarantined AMA
I saw a ghost, AMA
M21 I’ve been suffering from insomnia for years, and as always, I can’t sleep tonight either. AMA
I recalculated the Mayan calendar and the end of the world is actually on December 21, 2020. AMA
I have corona, probably going to die from it, ama
I’m bored and lonely, AMA.
If proportions taken in account,i have the strength of a professional football player, AMA
Successfully recovered from Coronavirus in NYC AMA
I can see your words when you speak - it may be a form of synesthesia, I'm unsure as of yet. AMA
It's nearly 4am, I have an essay due at 9, a caffeine headache and a severe procrastination problem. AMA
AMA that makes absolutely zero sense, and I will give you an answer with reasoning.
I'm the oldest son of a (I really wish there was a "humble" way to say this) very wealthy man. AMA
This is my first reddit post due to insane anxiety issues with social media. It's going to be a year soon since I stopped seeing my emotionally abusive dad and it hurts me incredibly.. AMA
Umm a small kitten walks up a wall at noon and the dog in green runs to the tree at sun rise AMA
I have hairless cats! (Sphynx) AMA!
Pretty sure I’m narcissistic, AMA
I am a dog AMA
I've ranaway and hopped a freight train over 100 miles. AMA
Just got 100 karma AMA
I was held captive by my psycho ex boyfriend for 1 week, ama.
I am an antisemite, AMA
I am the are and the am the yes ? AMA
Due to being born a girl during China’s One Child Policy, I was abandoned at birth and adopted into a Canadian family. AMA
Back again, I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
A girl i had a fling with in Canada pretended to be pregnant so that i wouldn't go back home to the UK...AMA
I was raped when I was 8 years old by a family friend and have never told anyone about it. AMA
My Brother And I Look Extremely Different AMA
I can place water in the nether ama
I am a 14 years old boy from Romania that gets beaten by his parents. I need to talk about it so feel free to ask me anything.
I have become a black belt ninja at opening doors (and many other things) with my elbows and feet.. AMA
I have an outie belly button. Ama
I was raped when I was 8 years old by a family friend and have never told a single person about it. AMA
Got out of prison in 2017. Spent 2018 in a committed relationship with a woman 16 years older than me. Spent 2019 hooking up with about 15 women. Committed to a secret situation with my best friend in 2020. AMA
I live below the poverty line (under $11k/yr) AMA
I'm a queer, liberal, agnostic sexual assault survivor living in rural Bible Belt Texas. AMA
I live in Poland AMA
Bored British Pakistani ex-Muslim teenager AMA
I am asexual AMA
I sold wine for 14 years and recently left the industry AMA
I'm drunk and think I'm hot. AmA
I'm about to be homeless because I'm social distancing for my 73 year old mom, and can no longer afford to pay my hotel room because there's no work! AMA
Give me some interesting facts please
I am a open-minded son from a closed minded Muslim family. AMA
My mum still says im the most handsome guy ever, AMA
I have a severe tremor that prevents me from doing simple everyday tasks. AMA
I’m a 19 year old airline pilot AMA
I ran away from home to another country to escape domestic abuse. AMA
I'm 26 &amp; I've never had a job AMA also help lol
I have Asperger's syndrome ama
I'm an axolotl : 3. AMA
Pretty sure that I’m a pathological liar. AMA.
I’m an anarcho-communist ama
I will respond negatively to anything positive you say, with an excuse. AMA.
I’m in the top 0.5% of the worlds income earners. AMA!
I live in the US, we have the most cases of COVID-19 in the world right now. I live in the county with the most deaths in the state of Virginia, and just quit my job so I can file for unemployment to keep myself financially stable due to lack of work. AMA
I used to date a Furry. AMA
I have a pretty odd obsession with an actress AMA
I'm one of the last few thousand greasers in America. Ask me anything.
I'm not self isolating in the slightest. AMA.
I deployed to Southern Afghanistan in 2011 for an entire year as an active-duty servicemember...AMA
I just got second chance with a girl AMA
My mom left my family when I was eight AMA
I $10 donated to both the Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden campaigns - I am the shadowy puppet master controlling US politics. AMA
🌸I'm an axolotl AMA 🌸
I'm a certified sociopath (aka psychopath) AMA
I'm a man of many kinks AMA
I lick every doorknob i come into contact with to benefit herd immunity. Ask Me Anything :)
I have 2 confirmed mental disorders and maybe 3 others non yet confirmed. AMA
this lockdown be kinda boring doe. AMA
i’m watching phineas and ferb for the first time at age 22 ama
I lost to a baking soda volcano in my school science fair 2 years in a row AMA
I just masturbated and it was kinda boring AMA
I have a twin, AMA 16F
I have a decent amount of karma and no idea how
I was suspended from reddit for 3 days... Ama
Ask me literally anything
It’s my Cake Day! AMA
I'm an antinatalist. AMA.
I’m a furry. AMA
English man Locked Down in New Zealand motel AMA
I'm a bisexual (but mostly prefer men) male AMA
I was involved in a big fight and almost hit someone in the head with a crowbar , AMA
I'm a serial catfish, AMA
I have morbid OCD aka Pure O AMA
I’ve gone 9 months since having my last panic attack, AMA
I'm playing skyrim, AMA
I'm a recovered male self harmer AMA
Former spy AMA
I have PTSD as the result of rape. AMA.
I am drunk anf it is 1 am
my boyfriend has cystic fibrosis and i’m terrified he will get COVID-19 and die. AMA
My dad owns a world tour cycling team. AMA!!
I'm a cashier at a grocery store and a senior in high school. Both of which are impacted with the Covid-19 outbreak AMA.
I work at a dementia residence at night, ask me anything!
I am a bored Canadian AMA.
Intentionally Seduced Father AMA
I have q better memory than most people I know. AMA
Life sucks rn, a lotta shit happening (not just coronavirus), AMA
It’s my 2 year anniversary since I tried to commit suicide AMA
I have Harm OCD, AMA.
My mother has EPP, AMA.
I'm an adult with a learning disability AMA
This morning I (18M) asked my crush (19F) to date me, and she said yes! AMA
I have a rare blood disorder most people have never heard of (beta-thalassemia-minor) ask me anything.
Saudi woman here.. ask me anything!
I’m(f23) scared of my husband (m27) AMA
I'm kind of stupid AMA
I'm a literal fucking god. AMA
I’ve got sensory processing disorder, AMA
20 year old male with no underlying conditions currently on third day of symptoms for coronavirus AMA
I saw someone do this so I’ll try. Ask me any question then change the question after I answer to make me seem like an ass.
I Maladaptive Daydream. AMA!
I(13M) want to be a neurologist when I grow up. AMA
I have high-functioning ASD, AMA
I was kicked out of care because they thought i had COVID-19
I am a blind guy from Nebraska AMA
I (26/M) Go On Cruise Holidays To Try And Have Sex With As Many People Over Double (Sometimes Triple) My Age. AMA
I am a swede who can actually tell you what is happening here AMA
I'm a 20 y/o male who's into real life beastiallity AMA
Im 19 and can't wait to lose my virginity to an escort. AMA.
I am watching Tiger King for the first time with no context, AMA
Good core workouts idea
I'm stuck in a traphouse that is under heavy surveillance, with undercover cops and CI's sitting all around me. AMA.
I'm from the future and this is a message
I like being spanked
i’m an unfunny woman AMA
I'm the quiet lone guy, AMA :-)
Was Completely shackled and handcuffed when arrested. AMA
I graduated high school at 12-13 AMA
I am getting drunk and looking at dank memes on reddit. AMA
I am a brony AMA
Food microbiologist Angela Anandappa shares some insight onto how to stay food safe with the coronavirus
I have a pretty odd obsession with an actress AMA
I own 250 dollars worth of gel packs. AMA
I am an RN. I’ve been forced to mostly work from home the last few weeks. AMA
I'm a person who stutters. AMA.
Carole Baskin definitely killed her husband AMA.
i am the son of a of son of a former drug dealer {my mom} ask me anything
I need karma so AMA
I feel like I'm going insane and am terrified
I'm an average person AMA
I think it's obvious now that Trump is God's representative here on Earth. He has been proven over and over again to be doing God's work and now he has been personally appointed by God to deliver us from this chinaman-made Armageddon. AMA
I am an actor and writer. AMA
Vaxxed Daughter, Mom and sis now anti vaxx. Ask me anything!!
I am 5”9.5 to 10’ and I am taller than most of the people I know. AMA
I’ve been abused for most of my life AMA
I'm a Male gamer who plays video games frequently. AMA
I have Thalassophobia. AMA
Ama, then edit the comment so it makes no sense at all
I am a completely normal guy from Mexico bored to hell because of quarantine. AMA
I'm a self taught, fluent English speaker because I didn't have money to pay for a private school. AMA
I have an insane brother, AMA
I'm 14. I'm pretty sure that i have The covid-19. It's been 10 hours that i lockdown myself in my bedroom to keep my family safe. AMA
Nobody takes COVID-19 seriously where I live. AMA
I'm not in quarantine yet. AMA
AMA then edit the question to make my response seem offensive
I work a sanitation job at a supermarket ask me anything.
I’m the person who asked. AMA
My first sexual experience was with a teacher AMA
Hy redditors m trying to make a song out of boredom ...write some lyrics for me... Thanks
I am a state lawmaker in Alabama from a conservative district who has come out my family as trans but not yet to my constituents. Ask me anything.
I'm high on weed and i want to debate you
Ruptured my achilles tendon in January. Decided on non surgical route, AMA
I rescue dogs and cats. AMA.
I'm an electrician AMA!
I honk at and flick off cyclist ridding in the middle of the road.
I’m 16 M and I have coronavirus. AMA
AMA, but edit your question to make me look bad.
I am a professional catfish; my rent and living expenses are all covered thru gifts from my online boyfriends. Ask me anything.
Went from broke enough to cry in bed to having enough money that I can't handle or spend, in a matter of 1-2 years. AMA.
I am an American born child who was raised in Syria during the civil war AMA
Qualifications for instate tuition
Just shit myself in my father in laws car and he hasnt smelt it. AMA.
i’m laying down scrolling through reddit, AMA
I have husky puppies AMA
I grew up homeless AMA
I have an incredibly rare, self-diagnosed psychological condition of disputed veracity I found on Wikipedia and have decided to make the centerpiece of my identity. Please validate my newfound disorder by Asking Me Anything!
I am the dumbest man alive. AMA
I'm a 15 years old psycho AMA
I have Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder. AMA
Stuck in self-isolation, can't see my girlfriend, have a history with having bad thoughts and this situation isn't helping, AMA
I have mental illness my whole life AMA
I one time smoked laced weed and got high on ketamine, ama
I have somniphobia AMA
This morning I (26F) asked my partner (33F) to marry me and she said yes! AMA
I’ve been living the street life for 6 years. AMA
I live in Manhattan, the coronavirus has made this place look like a ghost town, AMA (even if It doesn’t have to do with Corona, I’ve lived here forever)
I worked as a Scare Actor at one of the Six Flags locations during October in one of the Haunted houses, Ask Me Anything.
I am a rapist, AMA
[REQUEST] Someone from EDD and SBA to help us navigate financially through the Coronavirus (Covid-19) crisis.
I burned my GM, and he still hasn't come back yet.
Messed up guy from Melbourne. TRY ME?
Ask me Anything, but edit your post to make me look me bad
I’ve been clinically depressed for 8 years, things aren’t improving. AMA
I am a great realtor in Hawaii
I’m a son of teen parents AMA
[REQUEST] Health At Every Size advocates
I have fantasies about incest with my mom and just moms in general. AMA.
Locked in a room in my dream for a mission
I shot and killed someone in self defense. AMA
PR in Canada - Stuck in the Philippines because of lockdown. AMA!
I’m a CODA with a hearing stepfather. AMA
I was friendzoned yesterday, AMA.
I’m a regular person In quarantine AMA
Been on call with my friends for two hours and yet they still have forgot of me. AMA
I work in a grocery store in the beginning of the Corona virus outbreak in California. Ask me anything
I'm an autistic boy AMA
my grandmas crazy ex-husband deserves to be locked up AMA
5 years later and I’m still wondering how my mother died.
I see songs in colors. AMA
18+ (Just in case). I have a lot of kinks that aren't thought of as normal, Ask Me Anything
So I just found out China controls the World Health Organization. This is why the virus was allowed to spread world wide and nobody knew China was responsible till it was too late. Fuck China. AMA
I had my 18th birthday in quarantine! Had plans and everything since it was on a Saturday, a lot did not happen... AMA!
I am a 16 year old, bullied high school student with Aspergers who is “cursed with knowledge”. AMA
I’m bored. AMA
I'm a 24 year old lanlord. AMA
I kind of want to spice things up here, in AMA. Anyways, I just discovered the true, rotten, works of governments across the world. I feel enlightened....yet gullible. With that being said AMA.
I've never eaten Vegetables Ask Me Anything.
i’m not wearing my contacts today!! AMA
My brother just grabbed my face and slammed it against the edge of the couch (not the soft part) and now I think I have a concussion ama
I’m 17, working essential service, hate my father,, my girlfriends mad at me, AMA
I just got back from England. It's totally backwards over there. They're like about a hundred years behind us. You should see the way they dress- it's like some movie from the 1920s. And they talk like a retarded homosexual. AMA
Just found out my cat's a homo. He tried to fruit off the dog. The dog couldn't believe it. AMA
I am a 13 year old boy
i’m working at a psych ward where almost half the patients are in isolation, AMA
i'm comming from an old german noble family ama
I'm a depressed, autistic 16-year-old who is handling quarantine very poorly. Ask me anything.
Today is my bday and I will spend it self-isolating AMA
I have watched over 40 television series to completion, and rewatched several of them many times. I am 17. AMA.
I pick up dead bodies for a living AMA
I’m from Australia, the land down under. AMA
I survived an abusive relationship and a suicide attempt. AMA.
I HAVE SCHIZOEFFECTIVE AND MANIC DEPRESSION AND I DO COCAINE IM ON COCAINE AMA
I murdered my father. AMA
I have, and am caring for other people, with COVID-19. This is Day 4 of (at least) 14 of quarantine at a group home for people with developmental disabilities. AMA.
I am 18 and I have HEDS (a chronic disease) and live with pain and constant fatigue every day. AMA
I couldn't swim, then I tried diving, and now I'm a full-time SCUBA instructor. AMA
I have stacks of toilet paper in my basement AMA
I'm trying out it/its/itself pronouns
I’m an American showing minor symptoms for COVID-19 but I can’t get tested AMA
I work at a graveyard, and two nursing homes. There’s a Native American burial ground about 100 or so yards from my house, my great grandpa died in the House next to mine, and the house I live in now was originally built as a blacksmith’s house in 1800. AMA
White people can't be racist. I know because I'm white. I'm not sexist either. And all the homos and the trannys can fuck off too. I don't owe you a god damn thing. AMA
I’ve essentially been self-isolating for the past 6 months due to hip surgeries. My mental health has actually improved. AMA
Im from aralsk ama
I can wash and shave a horse all in under 2 hours! AMA
Help
I have total mutism, AMA.
AMA But edit your question to make me look like a dickhead!
I’m Iraqi, ama
During this time of crisis, I would like to encourage everyone to recycle their toilet paper. Use it once and then instead of flushing it, set it aside and let it dry for a few days and use it again. Alternatively, you could use a sock. Remember, we're all in this together. AMA
I fucked your mother. AMA
I'm the damn guy shit pants AMA
I'm from England. AMA
I work in a Covid 19 testing lab AMA
AMA and I will answer like a d*ck, but then edit your question to make me sound super polite!
I'm a music producer for an electronic record label, AMA
I work in a supermarket. AMA
I'm a music (ghost) producer for a record label who makes beats for a living. Short of stuff that could break my client confidentiality contract: AMA.
I directed the independent horror/thrillers ROULETTE (2012) and BUTTERFLY KISSES (2018), both free on Amazon Prime. AMA
I'm blarab (black Arab) living in Europe ama
I am a completly normal person with nothing special about me AMA
I hate the film: dirty dancing
I am one of the personal who take swab samples from people in a COVID-19 drive through testing site AMA.
In the midst of the covid-19 pandemic, I just returned to Shanghai, China and am now 7 days into my isolated hotel quarantine, AMA
I am a 13 year old youtuber ( around 700 subs lol very less) AMA
I love to help people free their inhibitions
I don’t really have a ‘hook’, but AMA.
I'm a housekeeper for Atrium Health Systems in North Carolina, AMA!
I'm a teenager having a panic attack at 5:42 in the morning. AMA!
UK cashier with Coronavirus symptoms, AMA!
I’m a Kpop Fan AMA
Stop the testing give everyone a $1000 per week basic income to stay at home let it blow though. The military will you everyone’s grocery shopping.
I was homeless as a child AMA
My ass itches really bad AMA
I'm immune to the Corona virus ama
I just told ALL of my current friends that I'm sending my relationship with them at the end of this year. AMA
I verbally beraded my mother over the phone until she started to cry today, ama
I have Covid-19 very mild but have completely lost my sense of smell and taste AMA
Its my first cake day, ama
I’m 24 years old and just pulled my very first all nighter. AMA
I am a Men's Rights Activist and I am against Feminism. AMA.
It’s 4:08 AM, i have heartburn and took triple my normal dose of anxiety meds and should definitely have passed out earlier. AMA
I'm a 16 year old who survived (what was believed to be) Covid-19 AMA
I’m a 14 yo with a small penis (2.9 inches hard) AMA
I’m living the UK just outside London during covid -19 lockdown....AMA
AMA about what I used to do in school and if I did anything
Im a Potterhead, AMA!
I touch everything with both hands, in multiples of 4. I have OCD....AMA
I dont believe in black people, AMA
I'm the child of an anti-vax parent, AMA
I am a male that looks like a girl AMA!
I just tried weed for the first time
I’m a sadist (BDSM) AMA
So, I've seen a group of 4 chinks todae
I'm an aged care/dementia unit nurse. AMA
I somehow broke my sleep pattern in under a day, AMA
I was laid off due to COVID-19 earlier today. AMA!
I grew up poor and married the son of a millionaire and my husband is a real-life lord!
I pushed away the majority of my friends my senior year old college 5 years ago and kind of want to talk about it AMA
I'm a average HighSchool student AMA
I live in Afghanistan.AMA
I can take anything you say and find a way you can die from it AMA
I am a wheelchair user who doesn't get offended AMA.
I shoved a whole bag of jellybeans up my ass AMA
AMA then edit your post to make me seem like a dick
My Brother Tried To Murder Me AMA
I worked at Raising Cane’s for 5 years, AMA
I am 28 with no kids ama
I just had diarrhea, ama.
I'm a Filipino tourist in San Francisco who was supposed to leave on January 31, but the pandemic is keeping me here. AMA
Redditers that believe in astrology, ama and try to guess what zodiac sign I am.
I’ve been a sleep deprived teen running on 3-4 hours of sleep for 5 days but feel fine. AMA
It’s nearly 3 AM and I can’t stop thinking of her, AMA
I worked in HR for 17 years, and spent some time at Spotify and EA Games. AMA
Was just whacking it when I finished and it shot all the way to my face. AMA!
Idc about people and am an overall fake person and only think about myself. AMA
I am the son of a Karen. AMA
I live in Florida AMA
I hear voices in my head. AMA!
I suffer from a condition called Derealization disorder where nothing around me feels real AMA
Oh sweet Jesus I saw the virus outside
I work as a daycare worker during covid, ama!
Hi, this is a student under shelter in place. I’m bored out of my mind. AMA
My mom (who I still live with) is a hoarder. AMA
I grew up with a mother with Narcissistic Personality Disorder. AMA.
I was raised by a single mum and my husband is the son of a millionaire and is a real-life lord. Ask me anything
Back again, I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
currently audio recording my boyfriends father harassing us and trapping us in the house. ama
I find it attractive when women wear sneakers without socks. AMA...
I’m a cop. AMA!
Classically trained musician with a BA in performance who’s been playing the piano for 18 years
I’ll answer as a hormonal teenage boy. AMA
I am a 19 year old college student (f) that is positive for COVID-19. AMA.
Stuck in Cambodia
My answer will not make sense AMA
Is it normal to be hyper sexual for the rest of your life after being molested as a child MULTIPLE times?
Im bored, run out of projects. AMA
I really want to date my friend Arianna, ama
I’m an 18yo guy that is afraid of sleeping. Please AMA so I can stay up a little bit longer.
I'm drunk, AMA that I wouldn't answer while sober
My mom gave me the last roll of toilet paper in the house. AMA
A tornado just tore through my town making national news and I slept through the whole thing. AMA
I just sent off my first bit of writing off for publication. AMA
Every person (including me) in my immediate family is disabled AMA
I am socially isolating myself but I'm against curfew and lockdowns if that makes sense - AMA
Request: GW Zoo visitor that watched the Netflix show and ate the pizza.
I worked as a freelancer online for 1 year and i became best selling in the service i provide
I have gotten 3k upvotes in the first 12 hours of joining Reddit ANA
I have feelings for someone I know from discord who I’ve never met irl.
I do want to become a detective. AMA
I secretly dated a celebrity for 3 years.
I ran out of space. For my memes ama
I hear, taste, and smell in colors. AMA
Ask me questions but edit your question to make me look like a monster after. AMA
I am an Attractions Operator Personnel. AMA!
Nothing in particular... Just ask me ANYTHING!
AMA but edit your question to make me look like a dipshit.
My mother is a stereotypical Karen. Antivaxx, essential oils, talk to the manager, etc. AMA.
My cat has newborn kittens. AMA.
I have intuitive abilities that some perceive to be "psychic." Ask me anything/AMA
I like killing small animals, AMA.
Back again, I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
I believe Socialism should die AMA
i raised my brother till he was 3 years old before he was taken away from me AMA
I'm an airstrip management technician. Ask me anything!
“A dick in jur ass”
Firefighters vs covid-19
I live in a country where laws aren’t effective at all.
I live in a country where laws almost donde exist. Ask me anything!!
Phantom Rider, sleep walker AMA
I am a transgender woman ask me anything
Dude wtf
I killed my roomate a month ago. AMA
I grew up/live in a third world country//Ask me anything
I took an edible &amp; crush texted right afterwards AMA
I have coronavirus and im caughing up blood. AMA
I burned down a building yesterday and accidentally killed my roomate. Im awaiting death row. AMA
I work at a grocery store during the COVID-19 epedemic AMA
I burned down a building today and accidentally killed someone. Awaiting death row. AMA
I am a professional soccer player (24/m) in a 3rd division team and I wear women thong underwear under my shorts during games. AMA
I’m 23 year old millionaire from Saudi AMA
My dad spits in my soup and i like it. AMA
Hey Reddit! Im Pacman, and im uncontrollably guzzling cum. AMA!
I drink human fluids and fecal matter. AMA
My father poops on my head. AMA
I have Asperger’s syndrome, ask me anything.
I am gay, and neither my friends nor my family know. AMA
It’s my cake day AMA
20 years old, 4’9, and a female Corrections Officer at a mostly male populated jail. AMA!
Neighbors blaring music, took edible to sleep AMA
There’s a tornado drill going off right now AMA
I’ve been addicted to Xanax since i was 15, i’m 19 now and still use. Advice, please? How to slowly get off of them? AMA
I’ve been addicted to Xanax I was 14, and still use to this day. I’m 19 Now. Se advice. AMA
I'm in a basement right now hiding from a tornado warning. AMA.
I wear women thongs and im a guy. AMA
I’m tired AMA
I'm a fanfiction writer AMA
I just found out today my mother killed herself AMA
I used to be a simp AMA
I am the Vice President of a Collegiate Bass Fishing Team, AMA!
I used to be a siml, AMA
I’ve got a tummy ache after eating too much of Papa John’s yummy pizza AMA
I'm from the midwestern united states where we currently are having a fuck ton of tornados and stuff. AMA
I lost my sense of smell in an accident. AMA
I identify as Nonbinary, AMA
I’m tripping on mushrooms by myself right now to try to bring myself peace of mind during this pandemic...AMA
I’m 18 and I’ve barely hit puberty, AMA.
I am starting hardcore nofap/semen retention from today midnight... Ask me anything!
In quarantine since one month. From Italy and bored. AMA
Eating trail mix with cranberries
I sent nudes at 11 to an 18 year old :) I regret and blame myself ask me anything.
I am One Apostle, a 12 year old singer that performs across the SE. AMA
I have a bisexual roommate. AMA
Harry Potter is awesome! AMA
I live in the country Andorra. AMA
I'm a former Liberal, Moderate leftist and Bernie Supporter turned Alt-Right Nazi White Supremacist (ironically i'm not even white). AMA
(20/M) I wear women thongs from Victoria Secret. AMA!
I was an active poly-drug user at 15 years old AMA
I’ve dedicated my life to Mountain Dew AMA
I grew up entirely self-taught; neither public nor home schooled. AMA
I used to be a Brony, AMA.
Reasonably unhappy in my marriage. Reasonably anxious about life. Some days you just wanna throw the fucking towel in. Come and talk to me. AMA.
Im a professional masturabator AMA
Tomorrow is day three of lockdown. The days are long with two kids to keep busy. Tomorrow I’ll make pizza from scratch with them. For now it’s almost 3am and I can’t sleep. AMA.
I’ve been clinically depressed, and have suffered severe anxiety for the last 5 years. But in complete secrecy, nobody knows. I fake a smile everyday. AMA
I've been stuck in the house for 4 weeks and need any form of distraction.
AMA! Then Edit Your Comment To Make Me Look Creepy or Horrible!
I've been trying to do youtube/twitch for 4+ years but I'm really anxious AMA
A few years ago I(m) had a female stalker. At first I was like, "Cool! I got a stalker!" But then I was like, "Wait a minute, I got a stalker." AMA
My parents are getting divorced during a global pandemic. AMA.
I’m an RN on a COVID unit in NY AMA
AMA, then edit your comment to make me look suspicious
Back in Highschool was getting bullied alot, So I started taking boxing lessons to protect myself AMA!
Just another Saturday night alone AMA
I turn 30 tomorrow ask me anything
I work in a mental health residence with 12 Schizophrenic adults. AMA!
I’m immuno compromised during coronavirus outbreak. AMA!
I have 69 Karma right now AMA
I'm very high sensitive on smell. AMA
I’m black AMA
I'm An indie game Developer AMA
I’m in Hell and Satan is starting to get on my nerves AMA
Im bored AMA
My dad died a year ago yesterday AMA
can you sleep at 12:8 pm plz
(Female) I had my first kiss at the age of 18. AMA
I'm a troll AMA
I will ask my six year old brother anything AMA.
i had an emergency surgery on my testicles AMA (english is not my first language)
This morning I finished my marathon of watching all 8 Saw movies for the first time. AMA
Confused 18 year old with a whole life ahead of him : what now?
23 years old gambling addict that ruined his life and everybody around him.. AMA
Bill Cosby confuses me, AMA
I accidently found out my bf of over a year is famous online today AMA.
I speak between 5 and 8 languages. AMA
I live in a place close to a area with a bunch of crime and drugs. AMA
Im a 13 yo female democract who is pro life ask me anything based on my position
I'm a millennial running for office AMA
I say fuck the dog shitters. Fucking dogs shitting all over the sidewalk. It's the fuckin Corona virus. Looks like you're not allowed out to walk your dog anymore and now he's going to have to shit and piss all over your living room floor. Well, fuck you and fuck your dog. AMA
I post porn AMA
I have (almost) everything in assassins creed black flag
ask me questions about a subject that i likely know very little or nothing about and i will respond as if i have a phd in the subject.
My twin sister died in my mothers stomach, Ask me anything.
just chillin. ama
I am bored. AMA
My mom's ex boyfriend hasn't left us alone since she broke up with him. It's been more than 2 years. AMA
I’ve review Albums &amp; Songs for a living. AMA.
Im from sweden, AMA
I'm an Arabic Israeli. AMA
My father abandoned me AMA
Just ran out of toilet paper AMA
My buttcheeks will cost 3 million dollars to my city, AMA
My girlfriend is John gotti’s niece the former boss of the Gambino crime family in New York city AMA
I'm a 14 year old who can speak 4 languages AMA
I just did mdma. AMA!
I'm inside a zipped up sleeping bag (yes i have air and yes i can get out) AMA.
hi reddit i was just diagnosed with bell's palsy ama
Completed my first ever half marathon today! AMA
I am a long haul truck driver for the past two years. I feel the fmcsa is unnecessarily holding us back from helping fill the grocery store shelves. Ama
I shit myself and fap to minions AMA
I'm a christian, and believe that everyone is loved by God. I'm not super religious in the normal sense of the word. I just want to show love to people. Ask me anything.
I do musical theatre and will be taking it into a proper career soon AMA
I am a student living in NY, Next to a hospital which is treating patients, AMA.
I just got beat at UNO by a blind guy three times in a row! AMA
I’m racist AMA
AMA but edit your question so your answer makes me look bad.
I’m [36M] a college professor. Since the quarantine I’ve been receiving selfies from several students, AMA
My neighbor is anti vax and all three of her children died from the Corona virus. Ama
new to reddit, super bored bc of the quarantine, AMA
I'm a 16year ex-drugaddict - AmA
I dont emotionaly feel anything AMA
My mother hates me because I moved out AMA
AMA and i will make myself sound stupid
I’m a 17 year old guy with arthritis, AMA
I have been dubbed the " Supreme Simp" by students in my school AMA
I'm an actor in musical theatre, ask me anything.
I’m bored AMA
I am a 13 yo who plays the kazoo in front of a shopping center, AMA!
I am torn between dimensions, because of drugs. AMA.
I’m 13 AMA
Im drunk ama
I’m a furry AMA =^w^=
My friend has been missing since last October, AMA
I'll answer your questions as if I'm a really religous Bible believing Baptist. Ask me anything.
16 and bored in this lockdown AMA
I'm an atheist, AMA
I’m 19 years old and never been in a real relationship, to the surprise of many people. AMA
Ama!
My parents sold my computer for one dollar AMA
I think the new Rambo (and the 2008 one) movie is trash and it seems to annoy everyone, ama!
I work at a Psychiatric Hospital (in direct contact with patients through the entirety of my shifts; typically with older adolescents). AMA.
ok whats a cake day?
When I was 15 I found out my boyfriend was sexually assaulting his younger sister. We lived together. AMA
I’m a 15 year old who has been playing games since the age of 4 AMA
I work at an intermodal train yard that ships domestic and international freight and classified as an essential worker. AMA
I am an Ex-Hitman with over 40 hits, AMA
I am the Coronavirus. Ask me Anything
I have Asperger's syndrome. AMA.
Sometimes I like to go hang out in the locker room at the YMCA. I don't swim or work out there but sometimes I just like to hang out naked and maybe take a shower. I'm not gay tho. AMA
My wife is not taking social distancing seriously. AMA!
I’m a 22 y/o girl who hasn’t left the house in 6 years AMA
My towel smells like my friend's panties - AMA
I am a Dangerous Goods Agent for FedEx Express at DFW Airport. Ask me anything!
I am 12 Years Old AMA
Any stupid incidents which made you facepalm when selling online?
I have frequent sleep paralysis
Us marine for 9 years. Combat 3 times. Killing is easy ama
I’m Buddy, the AMA parrot, ask me anything part 2!
I am a medical officer in india in a rural area, just finished survey in my locality for COVID-19 AMA.
I run my own LGBT account on Instagram ask me anything
I have the COVID-19 Virus, also known as the Coronavirus. AMA!
I am the Digital Marketing Manager for a short video app, World's Greatest Videos, a start up trying to rival TikTok. AMA!
I have tried MDMA 6 times, LSD 5 times, 2CB 5 times and Psilocybin Mushrooms 2 times. AMA !
You're my parent, what do you want to ask me?
Ask me anything, then edit your question to make me look like a jerk
(F) 24 Gold digger.
I survived 16 days with a burst appendix during a trip to Mexico, AMA.
I'm an "essential" towing operator, Go for it, AMA You've ever wanted to know about towing.
I am a 8th grade student in Turkey. AMA
Ask me anything, but edit the answer to make me look like an incredible person.
I walked in to my girlfriend cheating on me in our bed with a man this morning...AMA
R/reddit
going to die in a few hours, AMA
I'm a lesbian AMA
I am a 15 year paramedic in the states. I’ll answer anything from career advice to COVID advice.
I am an Apache attack helicopter, AMA
I am a time traveller. AMA
My fiancee's parents did business with Joe Exotic (The Tiger King) AMA
I was the marketing manager for one of the most haunted houses in america. AMA.
AMA but rearrange the words
I have pretty much no hope for my future, AMA
I am an essential employee, still working full time for a cable company AMA
My parents own a funeral home. AMA
I recently had the best sex of my life on MDMA. AMA
I am a 10-year-old golden retriever who can speak the language of hoomans. AMA
I can take anything you say and make it negative. AMA.
I'm allergic to all Painkillers. AMA!
I'm an Over the Road Truck Driver AMA
I'm at work, bored AMA
I'm autistic and gay, AMA.
16 year old sociopath and drug dealer
A few years ago I(m) had a female stalker. At first I was like, "Cool! I got a stalker!" But then I was like, "Wait a minute, I got a stalker." AMA
I’m a school bully AMA
I’m a bully AMA
I'm 12. Ask me anything.
I sleep with my sons friend F38
I’m a girl in America who’s probably sick but I’d rather play Warzone AMA
I'm very passionate about BDSM and sex education, happy to answer any questions you might have! AMA
Im from Poland.
I am really bored. AMA
Just bored. Make me choose between 2 things or ama
I have ligma AMA
Lol just bored. Ask me choose between 2 things or Ama
I will get offended at everything you ask me and explain why I got offended. Ask me anything.
I am diagnosed bipolar type 1. AMA!
i was uncontrolable 7 year old kid and school called doctors doctors tok 15min to take me out of class AMA
AMA I'm a 19 yo male Pakistani Muslim who's not a good muslim
I live in a particular third world country AMA
I need something to occupy my time for a little while AMA
The third world
I own a small animal rescue in Ohio and last weekend we evacuated 66 animals in 4 hours to shut down for Covid. AMA.
Hello, I work for a prototyping and manufacturing company working around the clock the develop N-95 masks, Ventilators as well as anything else to assist with the coronavirus AMA
I cum a lot. AMA
I have the coranavirus ama
I have a quicksand fetish
Ama i just tried jacking off and when i was about to cum im scared please help ama
I have Aspergers AMA
I have a guro fetish AMA
I am in the Rajasthani desert in India under complete police lockdown, stranded due to the UK Gov. AMA
I was diagnosed schizophrenic at 15. AMA
I'm Bisexual. AMA
21 and waiting for the test results
I am mentally on a level of a birb, AMA!
I am a Medical Microbiologist directing and coordinating testing at a Microbiology Department in a large healthcare system in US, especially COVID-19 testing, AMA
I’m a third-culture-kid (TCK). Ask me anything.
I'll turn anything you ask me sexual. AMA
I can turn any insult into a compliment. AMA
I have a chronic problem with "Sensation Seeking" AMA!
When i was 16, i had sex with a 38-year old. AMA
I was born to save my parents marriage. I failed. AMA
I tried committing suicide AMA
I only sleep every other night. AMA!
I’m building a decision helper app which people might need during COVID-19. How can I help you? AMA
I can perform oral sex on myself AMA
I am a college student who started working at a grocery store for easy money and now I’m on the front lines of the Covid-19 pandemic AMA
I’ll answer your question the wrong way
I have approximate knowledge of everything. Ask me anything
I’m drunkkkk!! AMA
I’m an amputee. Ask me anything.
I relived my irl days and dreams in my dream, AMA
222&gt; corona cases in my town. AMA
I can solve a Rubik's cube in 20 seconds. AMA.
I’ve learned how to lucid dream and have had many! AMA
I’ve had multiple lucid dreams and have learned how to fly and create images and things. AMA
I was raped when I was 14, still have some triggers, but overall I'm fine, AMA
Just another bored guy, AMA
I'm a salty 15 year old. AMA
AMA and I’ll ask my cousin (f14)
I am 11 years old and I know that I'm Bi AMA
My great aunt just died of COVID-19 (uk). AMA.
I’m bored
I am 10-yead user of anabolic steroids and have used pretty much every compound available. AMA
I'm M (26), born, raised and educated in Zambia (Africa), currently in my final year of Uni. AMA you've been curious to know about my country.
I work nights as a corrections officer, AMA
Weird dream… or an alternate universe?
My dad is going to give me 35 euro when I'm done with my homework. AMA
I’m 12 and went on a date AMA
I have a condition called Dermatophagia
Someone used a racial slur against me for misunderstanding what they were saying. I then got them banned from another Discord server. AMA
I am a firm believer that there is a massive conspiracy wrapped in with COVID19.... And it's probably not what you think AMA
I have white skin AMA
AMA then change the question to make me seem like a jerk
I have a condition that makes me cry whenever I pee. AMA
Guys, I just want to talk to somebody
I am a 13 year old who keeps pet tarantulas AMA
My dad was murdered
I dated a psycho girlfriend AMA
My grandfather was Ex-Soviet Union member, AMA
I’m a transgender male, whom is not straight. AMA
German Firefighter AMA
Just drank a 26 of spiced rum! AMA
I grew up a country kid, going to tractor shows every weekend. Now I’m 25, work for a space company and spend 38k/year on rent - never went to college and barely graduated from an alternative school. AMA
I go to a private school and have 3.1 cumulative GPA, AMA
I refuse to call the virus anything but 'boomer remover' ama
I just ended a three year relationship ama
Pizza hut driver AMA
I‘m a teen and I‘m a bedwetter, AMA
I've used a menstrual cup for 5 years! AMA!
Ask me anything. like anything, anything.
German Firefighter AMA
Lost a fur-baby and can't sleep. AMA
Ask me a question and edit it to try to make me sound like and idiot.
I'm pretty fucking wasted rn off of fireball, coors, and titos. AMA
I just made banana bread AMA
I used to be a liberal, used to AMA
I stand when I wipe my ass, is that weird?
I joined that masses of those unemployed as I got laid off today...ask me anything
I've been to the Joe Exotic or "Tiger King" zoo AMA
I was on my company's lay off committee. AMA.
I have Autism, AMA!
I will make any sentence interesting. AMA
My friend texts me too much and I feel guilty because I value my friendship with her
I will clickbait any sentence. ama
Ask me anything you want, then edit your text to make me seem like a dik!
I am into needleplay (Putting needles into your body) ask away
I will make anything you say sexual. ama
My state has over 1000 confirmed cases of Covid-19 and my suburb has 6 confirmed cases. AMA
I'm a 22yo writer who just got her first short story published in a book anthology AMA
I [28M] have an (actual) eight-and-a-half-inch dick, AMA
I’m a little in a ddlg relationship. AMA
Stuntman in Hollywood
I am a semi-verbal autistic teen in advanced placement English, History, and Chemistry. AMA.
I used to be a man in a woman body. AMA
I am a semi-verbal autistic teen in advance placement English, History, and Chemistry. AMA.
I just got banned from BanVideoGames. AMA.
Click is a movie AmA
I have anaphylaxis AMA
People of reddit, have you seen some of your relative reveal their real face due to the Covid-19 outbreak?
I work on a 24/7 Crisis Management Team for one of the world’s largest global organizations. AMA
I have conversations with my subconscious mind, so that we can operate better. AMA
Quarantine boredom is getting to me. AMA.
My best friend’s brother
My sister is pregnant and I lied about being tested for Corona Virus. AMA
I'm a 20yo Brazilian
I've done this a couple of times before but i'm a manager at a local grocery store/deli AMA!
Tiger King
I am a manager who is working on the fast food restaurant during the coronavirus outbreaks, AMA
I am a person who's work no longer exists due to the current circumstances. Ask me anything
A girl is bored. AMA
I’m waiting for my Coronavirus test results while on quarantine. AMA
Just an average 20-something millennial dude whose drunk and high on blow. I’m pretty funny, I’m told
My wife just discovered autocorrect memes for the first time and she’s in hysterics. AMA
Electrical Engineer, AMA
I'm a furry, ama
I have fibrocystic breast disease, AMA.
I'm strong enough to survive this ama.
I’m annoying as fuck AMA
I had to pretend to be somebody's friend for 6 months to save their lives. AMA
I’m an animal rights activist. AMA
I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
I'm trapped in a room with no exits against my own will with only a computer AMA
I used to break into houses for money starting at around the age of 14.. AMA
I just fucked a chinese girl AMA
I know where Old Zealand is. AMA
I’m a gay woman &amp; I’m spending the night bleaching my trans fiancée’s hair to get ready to dye it. We’re both very high. While the bleach processes, go ahead and A(Us)A.
I can see through some things, AMA
AMA, and I will find a way to become offended by what you have said.
Im underage, ama.
I’m better than you, AMA
I am ten karma from 1000, AMA
Psychology Major Criminal Justice Minor AMA
I am a former bully and I regret it. Ama.
Up here in Canada, Justin Trudeau is considered a total fag. His father, although also considered a total leftwing asshat, at least had some balls and knew how to give an old school beat down to Marxtard revolutionaries. AMA
I'm all but sure I have corona at this point, ama
I’m A Devote Maltheist AMA
This one is super weird but...
I’m a Oregonian, who’s self- quarantined. AMA
I am a polyamorous Lesbian ask me anything?
What happened to the Drs that were on the front page answering COVID questions?
Im a fan of the show Mixels. AMA!
I adopted my 3 siblings, ask me anything!
After 2 months of having no appetite at all and never being hungry, I have been starving all day and nothing is helping AMA
I adopted my 3 siblings, ask me anything!
Is me good?
I'm a furry. AMA ^ω^
I'm Wealthy but keep it a secret AMA
I had a physically painful dream I was shot at my old highschool, AMA!
I once got severe food poisoning and lost 15 pounds. AMA
I have Multiple Identities, or otherwise known DID. AMA
I saw someone get shot, I live in Belfast Northern Ireland AMA
Hey Everyone! I’m Dr. Joorabchi, and I am new to Reddit! I’m an Ear, Nose, and Throat Doctor with special focus in Allergies, Sinus, and Nasal Breathing. Ask me Anything!
I'm a Red Wolf therian. AMA
It’s my cake day! AMA
I’m a 24 year old male having a relationship with a 14 year old female in Germany, where it is legal as long as it’s not abusive. AMA.
I know a lot about prehistoric animals, ama
I have an intense fear of needles and airplanes AMA
I enjoy pooping my pants, AMA.
AMA and I'll answer like someone who believes in a lot of conspiracy theories (flat earther, anti-vaxxer, etc.)
I have sleep paralysis &amp; catoptrophobia, AMA
Kinda bored today. Ama
I have sleep paralysis &amp; catroptophobia, AMA
I’m a female, heterosexual, non-religious, 29 year old virgin. AMA.
AMA but edit your response to make me look like an idiot
I am an ex-Christian. I turned away from faith years ago, and am now a much happier person. AMA
I’ve had about every different type of dream as well as many strange ones AMA
I'm (24F) asexual AMA
I'm 23 years old and raising 5 children. Ask me anything!
I don't support feminism. AMA
I was an officer in the Syrian Arab Army From 2008 to 2014 AMA
I recently had a threesome AMA
im a philosophy major. AMA.
I’m tipsy off snooze
AMA for insisting he sees a doctor for his heart condition
I have one follower on Reddit. AMA.
I probably have corona and I hope that it kills me ama
I had an abortion when I was 17. AMA!
I just donated blood for the first time, AMA!
I low key hope I die from corona, ama
I was born in Alaska (Siberian Yupik/my mom lives 40 miles from Russia), moved to Iowa with my single father, decided to remove myself from my toxic family 25 years later including my twin sister.
I’m a RN working on the COVID19 unit, AMA!
I'm trapped in another country and can't go home. AMA
I’m out of work as a substitute teacher so my friend offered me the chance to deliver pizza tonight, ask me anything!
I will make you feel very uncomfortable with my reply. AMA
I can’t feel my fingers ama
I was a Skip Tracer
Used to be a Skip Tracer
I'm a diagnosed narcissist neglected from a rich family. AMA
I am a rape victim, my abuser stood trial and walked free. AMA.
I have misophonia. AMA.
I don't know how to use 3 seashells. AMA...
I'm have insomia and have problems sleeping at night, ask me anything?
I have rape and incest fantasies, AMA
I am a time traveler from 2050 AMA
Ask me anything and I will ask my little sister (5yo)
I come from an Iranian family, but I’m not super involved in the culture. AMA and I’ll do my best to answer :)
I have more online friends than IRL friends AMA
I'm a 23 year old raising 5 kids. Ask me anything!
I am a 19 year old man soon (hopefully) to be a world traveler AMA
I got fired today - AMA
I am leaving Mormonism, AMA
I am surviving the Coronavirus pandemic without stockpiling toilet roll, AMA
Im getting a half sleeve tattooed atm AMA
Ask me deep questions!
I’m will give you horrible advice for any situation AMA
I used to be addicted to heroin. AMA
I went to the 2015 World Scout Jamboree in Yamagichi Japan. AMA.
I managed to trickle someone into thinking I was an alien. AMA
What time is it where you are? Ama.
I dated a Muslim guy for 5 years in secret AMA
I was caught having sex with my Grandmother, by my Mum. AMA
I have 12,533 karma. AMA
I have 12,53 karma. AMA
Canada Geese can run the world better than humans AMA
I can make myself sound stupid in any situation AMA
I Survived COVID-19 AMA
Ask me anything and I’ll give the wrong answer. Ex: Do you sleep with socks? Yes I do.
My goal is to reach 20k karma in 2 months from where I last joined reddit. AMA!
I’m a human. AMA.
What’s your weirdest habit?
First gen college student, AMA
Nothing interesting, just bored morning. AMA.
I’m procrastinating, AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Expose any cheating partner) AMA
I have been declared incapable to drive on the aptitude test. AMA
I have a scat fetish. AMA
I just got into my dream school! AMA!
I'm on acid right now AMA
I keep thinking about taking my life, AMA
I decided to stop seeing my dad for an unknown amount of time, AMA
I will make everything sound positive AMA.
I have OCD but I’m not neat or scared of germs, AMA
I'm a single father, ask me anything!
I am still working in the US State with the most people infected by COVID-19, AMA
I'm an American RN on a Psychiatric floor during the COVID outbreak. AMA
I work retail during the pandemic, 5-10PM.
I have diagnosed OCD, Ask me anything!
I am both the quiet kid and the wierd kid, ask me anything.
Listening to System of a Down AMA
I will describe anything as if it was in the mind of an animal.
I am a straight masculine guy who loves the idea of being a girl AMA.
I grew up in a cult AMA !
I am a 67 year old man who has never had a girlfriend or been married before. AMA.
I’m a bored 14 year old just AMA
Free tarot readings. Ask me anything.
Edit your comment to make me make as offensive as possible.
I (19m) lost a track and field scholarship due to injury AMA!
Under curfew. Those found out are getting a beating at the moment by cops
3rd world / Africa corona virus thoughts
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job, ama
I'm someone from a large city (Chicago) who moved to a small town in the south a few years ago. AMA
I have a deathly fear of the paranormal but I’m not exactly a believer, oh and I also have a fear of mirrors at night, AMA
Bored in quarantine. I'm paying my roommate rent in sex. AMA.
I have been to Area 51. AMA
I AM WRITING A BOOK AT THE AGE OF 16 AMA!
I live in a shitty country called Bosnia and Herzegovina. AMA
I’m a Sheriff’s Deputy and Corrections Officer, AMA.
I think I might have corona, honestly hope I don't survive, ama
I mad my mother cry because I said she might die of corona, ama
I am human AMA
I’m a trans woman who transitioned later in life AMA
I have anxiety, and some depression. The anxiety sometimes gets so bad that I completely freeze up, and my brain shuts down. Homeschooling all my life has helped this not be so bad, but it still happens. Ask me anything.
God didn't make Adam and Steve, He made Adam and Eve. You can pray the gay away. AMA
I have just come into some money and want to help people. AMA
I'm kind of bored, AMA.
A gay man touched my dick when I was 12 AMA
I was a contestant on The Chase (UK). AMA
I have a rare genetic disorder called ocular albinism. AMA!
I am a newly studying/practicing Jehovah's Witness. Ask away. AMA.
(18F) I’m penpals with a famous writer, AMA
It’s crazy how many celebrities almost died on 9/11, AMA
I have depression and trust disorder ama
I’m working for an Orlando hotel during the coronavirus pandemic, AMA
Just a random teenage girl, AMA
I had sex with my step-sister, AMA
My whole country is quarantined, but it's not spring break yet, so my teaches are leaving a shit ton of homework. AMA
Just an average teenager, AMA
i'm a 12 year old with the intelligence of a 20 year old male AMA
Just had my first motorcycle wreck.
As a European I'd like to warn you, my American friends, your infection rate is skyrocketing! Don't wait until death rates are higher than in Italy, protect your high risk family members now. AMA.
I am masochistic (I derive pleasure from inflicting pain upon myself). AMA
Hi, my name is Empty_Awake, and I'm *new to reddit. AMA
Had to take the bus today. had to enter thru the back. only 10 people can get on at a time. it was free, so that was cool. I sit across from this chick and she's all fucked up looking and drooling and shit and I'm like, "Uh oh, she's got the dose!" turns out, she was just high on the smack tho. AMA
I just got swabbed for Coronavirus after waking up with mild symptoms AMA
I just threw accidentally a pan with boiling water over my stomach, AMA
I am a adult furry and have been a furry for a few years. AMA
I write and game develop furry (mostly transformation/fetish related) porn. AMA
I am a masculine, heterosexual man in the US. AMA.
AMA but your question must contain two verbs and the noun “water”. Go!
Ask me anything
Murder my boredom. AMA
I work at Whole Foods Market. They show they are offering incentive but still trying to minimize hours worked. AMA
I worked as the marketing manager for winchester mystery house for two years. Launched multiple tours and managed the onsite filming of the movie + more. AMA.
I'm a grocery store worker in one of America's hardest COVID-19-hit areas. AMA.
Make a wish, and I will find a way to ruin it and make it something negative.
I own the simulation for this world AMA
I am a straight male who is a bottom. AMA
AMA but on random other posts I have, not this one. This will get fun
It's my birthday in few days and I am also bored. So yeah ask me existential questions
I am a teenager with access to the internet AMA
I am bored in Quarantine. AMA
My choir teacher is a pedo AMA
I work referring to people to Food Pantries. It's crazy due to the coronavirus AMA
I'm german. AMA
want to make money of insta though not popular
I’m an IDF soldier AMA
Hi Reddit! Musicians 4 Bernie is a coalition of musicians, songwriters, and composers standing up for change. Tune in to our first livestream concert tomorrow 3/28 at 5 PM CT, until then AMA!
I'm a methamphetamine addict from a middle class family, no criminal record, who has a master's degree. AMA
I am Solomon Rajput, a 27-year-old progressive medical student running for US Congress against an 85 year old political dynasty. AMA!
I have a service dog AMA
I am a 3 time Surrogate Mother in Canada, and I am very bored. AMA!
Ask me anything you want, no topic really.
I'm trilingual. AMA
I am a transgender (female-to-male) teenager, soon to get surgery. AMA
I'm Quarantined and bored. SFW &amp; NSFW. AMA
I have hiccups at 10:37 am and I’m also in a state with a stay at home policy. AMA
I can give you advise of any problem you have. AMA
I will I agree with anything you say, AMA
I'm from Russia. I have never been to any European country, only in another city. AMA
sex trafficked as a child
I'm a cosplayer, AMA
I watched porn with my father since I was 4 till I was 5 AMA
im a software engineer ama
AMA, and I’ll avoid the question.
Today marks 2 years since I self imposed isolation and mutism. AMA
I have the corona virus. AMA
I will find an excuse not to answer any question you ask AMA
I live in Illinois AMA
Hi! I’m the ’alleged’ victim of unspeakable abuse at the hands of once respected community leaders. I’m on the cusp of a mercy suicide to inspire change in the way things have been run and operated for too long. It’s not a cry for help, it’s a warning. Please, AMA!
I am presumptive positive for COVID-19... AMA
I will disagree with everything you say no matter what it is AMA!
Italian, still working, ama!
I’m a high school senior and the rest of my academic year was just cancelled due to COVID-19. AMA.
Ask me literally anything and i wil answer
The rest of my school year was just confirmed cancelled this morning because of the growing pandemic, AMA
I Will Disagree with you on Anything you Say, AMA
I’m a 14 yr old in a relationship with a 17 yr old. AMA
I used to have sleep paralysis and I’m eagerly waiting for it to return in full force ask me anything
Insert to have sleep paralysis and now I’m eagerly waiting to get it back AMA
My father 65 has all but one symptom of COVID-19, I have been volunteered to take care of him in my one bedroom apartment, I 30 am loosing my sh*t, AMA
I am 3.5 hours away from adopting 2 kittens and having a “home visit” at the same time, AMA
I play the flute and it’s my cake day! AMA
I am a girl AMA
Im a femboy, and a lot of people ask me questions, so here i am! AMA
I’m a regular high school freshman, nothing special about me. AMA
AMA in a "Would you Rather?" style
As a Radio Operator for the Canadian Coast Guard, I'm considered a Pandemic-Critical employee. Ask me anything.
Idk ask me anything
My wife and I are about to be homeless.
[Serious] I have ADHD. AMA
After struggling with depression for 6 years and being suicidal for 4 years I’m finally happy and enjoy living AMA
I lost 65lbs over the course of 3 months a year and a half ago, and got it all back in the last year. In the last two weeks, i've gone back down 15lbs. AMA!
Well, it's official. Corona virus is now a bigger scam than global warming. Get ready for the one world government. AMA
I'm an introvert hypochondriac that lives with a positive covid19 case AMA
Hi, I'm diagnosed with Autism(aspergers), ADHD, and ADD, AMA
I AM a sociopath, AMA.
I was kind of a hitman when I was in high school AMA
I'm Italian, currently in isolation AMA!
German Women: Soll ich nach Deutschland reisen und Ihren arischen Vergnügungshügel besteigen? Möchtest du dich treffen und eine total Hitler-Szene mögen, in der wir uns als total SS-Offiziere verkleiden und du diese total heißen schwarzen Dessous unter deiner Uniform und deinen Sachen trägst? AMA
My Godmother os doing the Covid-19 test and i've already been in contact with her, AMA
I will Get offended by anything You say. AMA
I Am A Psychiatrist- Ask Me Anything About Work And Depression
I'm ironically gay. AMA
Man eating ants
My godmother is doing the Covid-19 test today and i already been in contacto with her, AMA
I am a time traveler from 2052. AMA
My godmother is going to do an Covid-19 exam and i already have been with her, AMA
Just your average teenager here, AMA
I am a highschool student in a state where school is cancelled AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look very smart
I haven't used shampoo or conditioner in 12 years AMA
I’m just a basic teenager, AMA
Tell me a joke and I will turn it into a lecture,just like mom!
I am a diagnosed psychopath, AMA
I have a podcast about heists and cons, and am a heist expert, AMA!
I am a girl, AMA
Can't WFH right now and I'm bored AF, AMA!
I have 6.9k karma. AMA
I'm an essential worker, ama!
My 'love life/crushes' confuse me cause I have major parental issues (+Bi-polar) AMA
I'm the friend that always gets left behind. AMA
I have "died" before, in fact, more than once, AMA.
Is the Hopi legend happening now?
I’m just a basic teenager, AMA
I am a resident physician who contracted COVID-19. AMA.
In the shower drinking my life away ama.
I just shook a boomers hand and landed if
I just re-enrolled in college after dropping out last year! AMA
I am a victim of child pornography. AMA
i am a transgender 13 year old about to get my first set of hormones AMA ( FTM)
I'm a clinical psychologist in training (PhD). AMA
Amputee police K-9 handler that’s off duty during this outbreak AMA
I’m an amputee, a veteran, and a K-9 bored cause of this virus AMA
Quarantine got me bored af !!! Please ask me anything or type something funnny..!!
I’m a 25 year old who just tested positive for Coronavirus, Ask me anything
I was a member of a cult, AMA.
I'm a son of a local famous criminal and didn't know it until i was 17. Ask me anything
im autistic dyspraxic and have adhd AMA
I just fell in love, he loves me too but doesn't want to commit. AMA
I'm listening to metal AMA
I’m an aspiring physicist with autism, AMA
I work for big pharma making inhalers, AMA
I am one of millions of people who experienced the multiple martial law mandated by the Philippine president. Ask me Anything!
Im from Serbia AMA
Figure my life story asking questions AMA
Currently in the office whilst everyone else is on lockdown. Not a key worker. AMA
I'm currently handcuffed to someone in a ward with other people who potentially have Covd-19 AMA
I'm a Prison Officer currently handcuffed in hospital in a room full of people who they believe have Covid-19 AMA
I have 7 siblings and I'm stuck inside with them AMA
i am procrastinating by browsing reddit instead of doing quarantine work AMA
Quarantine day 27- downloaded reddit and got no idea how it works AMA
Quarantine day 27 - downloaded reddit and have no idea what I'm doing
I hate Christians/Christianity AMA
i won an argument against a bot on r/dankmemes AMA
I’m a homophobe ama
I’m drunk and my life is broken. AMA
I am on skype with my math teacher and class, It´s total chaos AMA
I work at an elderly facility and I live in Washington state where COVID-19 is thriving [AMA]
I have a suggestion for every problem. Ask me anything
I am a survivor of open heart surgery, complete finger and toe amputation, and homelessness, stemming from my alcohol dependence &amp; IV drug use. AMA
I'm four years ahead in math AMA
I'm a guy who is witnessing Week 2 of the Shelter in Place Order in Orange County, Ca. People are not taking it well. AMA
I’m drinking lean Rn AMA
I'll "Glass Half-Full/Emptty" Anything You Say Or Ask. Ask Me Anything
I am a survivor of open heart surgery, complete finger and toe amputation, and homelessness, stemming from my alcohol dependence &amp; IV drug use.
I have fucked up my sleep schedule and am basically nocturnal, AMA!
I have nyctophobia, I am petrified of ever not being able to see anything.
Im adicted to femdom ask me anything
39 Aussie Male AMA
I live in a small town with a population of around 300 AMA
I’m a 14 year old male. AMA
I'm Pakistani AMA
Me and my friends failed horribly to make a video game. AMA
Im 15yo and I have a big dick. AMA
I am thy Lord God; for now. Your time to ask me has come to a pass as fifteen months have come to pass, and your Acedia runs rampant in utter uniformity. I have judged you, and you will suffer as I have suffered. Repent your Fear, the Beginning is Near.
I have major depression. It's pretty bad.
I’m a 15 year old who is bodybulid AMA
My dick is gay ama
AMA but ask me two questions and I have to come up with a singular answer for both of them
I'm 11 y/o, AMA
AMA tonight and tomorrow morning I’ll answer as if I’m a person from the dream I’ll have tonight
I just made a Minecraft server with my friend that’s gonna be public soon, AMA!
Im 12 ask me anything
I thought I liked girls but I realized I’m most likely straight.
I’m in a Vietnamese quarantine hospital AMA
I was bleeding internally for 12 hours and the doctors caught it after 8 hours. AMA
What is some of your advice to fall asleep during uncertain times?
ASK me anything and I will ignore your question and go on with my life.
My friends and I are creating an animated movie, possibly a series. AMA!
I am a Psychopath AMA?
My mums a whore. AMA.
AMA but make my answers seem extremely stupid
I am a cashier at a gas station chain in the US during this COVID-19 outbreak AMA
Hi I'll answer questions in the morning AMA
I have sucked my own dick before. AMA.
I only answer in cards against humanity cards, ama
Hmmm... just ask me anything i guess
I will personally thank whoever gifts me gold, AMA
IM STARTING A PODCAST
I sucked my thumb until I was 10 which caused me to have a few teeth procedures done. AMA!
A 13 yr with dermatographia aka "Skin writing". AMA.
What are some good things Covid-19 (Corona Virus) did ?
I have a foot fetish. AMA
I have a 101 degree fever, slightly sore throat, sneezing and cough with slight shortness of breath, ama
(18F) I’m penpals with a famous writer, AMA
I can’t see pictures in my imagination
my adult german sheppard has a larger erect penis than me, ama
I've been asked out on fun run 2. AMA
IMA TV News Producer working for a national network now. Ask me anything!
I'm Pakistani AMA
I'm an adult now AMA
I was raped and nobody believed me AMA.
I'm about to receive my diagnosis for DID! AMA!
I work at an Orlando hotel during the COVID-19 pandemic, AMA
I am just big chilling AMA
So few days ago I got dumbed by my almost 2 years old relationship and now I’m trapped and quarantined at some relatives house in Greece (I live in Sweden). AMA
My mom is in a abusive relationship ama
I’m a Warehouse manager at a huge club store that is currently thriving in this dark time. AMA
I have a photographic memory, but it blurs out most of the text, ama?
Considering a career as a comedic actor, AMA
I am a senior level departmental head and policy director for a large state unemployment office. AMA
my eyes will move in a rapid soon. Ask me anything
Quarantined in spain AMA
I'm incredibly anxious and have been having a tough time with the state of the world. Here to chat, ama!
I am Dio Brando, vampire lord, stand user, hater of Joestars, and father of a beautiful son (and a few less beautiful ones). Ask me anything.
I own a (small, non-terrifying) cult and the members think I am strong and have abs. My abs are actually100% fake and I’m 5’4”, AMA.
I used to be racist and homophobic, AMA
I want to argue with people who think the government will confiscate semi automatic rifles like the AR15. AMA
I’m a democrat who thinks trump is doing the right thing with respect to the corona virus.
I will defend and support anything you say, wether I agree or not. AMA
I’m an anti-centrist, AmA.
i am a 14 yr highschool student with an obsession with games and memes and an interest in cooking. AMA
I may be a Sociopath, AMA.
I’m an 18-year-old dude and I’ve never watched porn, AMA.
Im the only one on this bus and the bus driver keeps making awkward eye contact with me AMA
I haven’t brushed my teeth in 13 days AMA
I’m a flight attendant in the USA during the COVID-19 Pandemic, AMA.
I'm Toss A Batch T. Some people call me Air Biscuit Johnny. Others call me The Squirrel. The ladies just call me Big Al. AMA
I work with college students' tax returns. AMA :)
I’m what people call a sociopath. AMA
AMA then edit to make me look crazy
I jerked off so much that i find porn boring, AMA
It is I, the legendary bigniggabruh360nocopenigga.
I just started a new job this week and finished training AMA
Ask me anything then edit the question after I answer to make me look dumb
I'm in MENSA. AMA
I got over depression alone. AMA
I am AI Dungeon. AMA.
Up here in Canada, we bang all the American women. Your girlfriend and your wife and your mother all come up here to Canada to get fucked. We fuck them all. We don't give a fuck. AMA
My entire county is under quarantine, in Colorado, AMA.
I was a Spring Training Batboy for the New York Mets. Ask Me Anything!
YouTube is older than me. AMA
I’ve worked at Costco for 13 years, AMA.
I was an extra in the rise of Skywalker ama
I am George Cornwallis. Candidate for US Representative in 1994, political inspiration to famous politicians like Ted Cruz, and writer of long comments on Redit. AMA!
Multiple friends need support. Family members in hospice. Want to cookout at my house. Not no but hell no!
I dated a 25(M) when I was 12(F)
I have a hairy pussy. Ama
I feel guilty about every bad thing I've done. AMA
I Am 25 And I Have A Phobia Of Mascots
I'm a kid that makes stupid solutions that actually work, AMA
AMA and I'll answer in a coded message
I am a diagnosed psychopath, AMA
I'm high and at the peak of it. ask me anything.
I’m in the Army currently doing security dealing with this covid19 shit. Help me stay wake on this night shift, AMA
I’m a 24F married to a transgender man (female to male). AMA
I work on a cruise ship that is currently suspended, AMA
My Identity is a shit-show. AMA
I am a graffiti artist. Ask me anything.
I refuse to call this virus anything but the boomer remover, ama
I’m 16 today, not doing GCSEs, in lockdown and going to be bored for 6 months AMA
I’m a Florida Man AMA.
I'm a high risk individual for COVID-19... AMA.
I am making a game from my consistent dreams of a dark world with superpowers, AMA!
I can't have a conversation inside my head. There's no internal ongoing monologue. Absolutely no words. AMA
I’m a failed musician. AMA
I’m a conservative zoomer, AMA.
I am on reddit for a year and 5 months with no karma (AMA)
I posted last week about being a community carer during this pandemic - now I'm officially down with the sickness AMA
I am an Asian who is living in Canada during Covid-19 , AMA !
If Atlanta hospitals are at max capacity, why is Georgia not ordering non essential businesses to close and issuing a stay at home order?
I do have a very weird disease. AMA!
I (m) lost my virginity to my friend's mom
I'm seeing a lot of "food" on stores shelves. Stop buying pre-made junk. Ask me how to cook so you can stop being a calorie victim idiot.
I’m 18 and have worked as a newborn photographer and hotel valet AMA
I'm seeing a lot "food" on stores shelves. Stop buying pre-made junk. Ask me how to cook so you can stop being a calorie victim idiot.
I get deja vu in my dreams.
I work night shifts at a corpse farm, AMA
I'm a 20 year old female, AMA.
I’m a bored hasidic Jew. Ask me anything.
Im 14 AMA
I'm the youngest in the family. AMA
I like pokemon ama
I’m a 24F married to a transgender man (female to male). AMA
I'm a tasty pizza, AMA
I took a shit AMA
Hey y’all I’m just vibing if you don’t want to ask questions I understand but it be pretty cool if you did
I struggle with buttering toast. AMA
My first kiss was almost two months ago and I still think about it every day, AMA
I drinked 3 gallons of juice in less than a week AMA
I’m stuck at red dog mine in Alaska and can’t get a flight out AMA!
I’ve had sex with over 20 women I’ve met online. AMA
I actually think I have corona, ama
I'll say the same thing for any question
I am a bored and bisexual teen, AMA
I knew a 9/11 hijacker when I was a little boy. AMA
One year ago today my boyfriend died. AMA.
I escaped my abusive household at age 19. Ama
I’m a 25F year old aspiring author, with mental health issues that I like to put in my books. AMA
I'm a 19 year old transwoman. Ask me anything!
I am from the future, AMA.
I texted my friends crush on his IG so I can help him they're together now for 1.5 year AMA
I am pretending to have corona virus for reddit clout. Ask me anything.
I am a straight teen guy and I paint my toenails glossy black; AMA
I am a straight teen guy and I paint my toes black; AMA
President Trump is a true War President. Bitch slapping the libtards, kicking the press in the nuts and once again triumphing with win. AMA
I drink a gallon of whole milk a day, ama
I come from a well off family and use my family money to get what I want in life AMA
I slept with my boyfriends dad and my ex’s dad, AMA
I can tell if you have corona by looking at your nudes AMA
I just had my first argument with my long distance boyfriend, ama
My first kiss was almost two months ago and I still think about it every day, AMA
Just got permanently laid off. AMA.
I’m an anorexic stuck in quarantine with my family, AMA.
I am a pedophile, controversial ama
I describe things in weird ways, and people find it cool, ama.
I got into UC Berkeley for the class of ‘24! :) AMA.
I didn’t ask to be born but you can AMA
I have been nauseated for a year and a half AMA
My mom is about to get tested AMA
I had a miscarriage during the current epidemic, AMA.
I contracted COVID-19 while working with patients in the ER. I wasn’t wearing appropriate PPE because we are out. AMA
I just took 4 hits of lsd.
I just realized I've never finished a whole chapter of a book let alone the whole thing. I've always envied those who read but my mind just wonders and I can't do it.
I'm an emergency radio broadcaster. Ask me anything!
i think president trump is doing a fantastic job, ama
I’m a DoorDash driver during this Coravirus epidemic. AMA
Person with heart problems in quarantine in Spain here AMA
I eat my gfs ass like I’m Kevin Gates. AMA
My steam name is "I poop in the shower", AMA!
I’m an INFJ personality type. AMA
I am a know-it-all who doesn't know it all, and I'll answer all of your questions wrong. AMA
I got married in the middle of a pandemic. AMA!
Used to be a "Skip Tracer" and the company was owned and operated by an Italian, Bounty Hunter and an ex-cop. I was on a team of four greasemen in charge of verifying and organizing the hits. Coolest job I ever had until the FBI raided us. Times were different then.
I have health anxiety AMA
It’s been almost two months since my first kiss and I still think about it every day, AMA
I wish i had 1000 less karma, AMA
Me, my sister and both our parents have either had or still have the corona virus. We have been in our house for nearly 3 weeks now. AMA
I'm a jedi, AMA
I work in a Real Estate Call Center for all USA and Canada. AMA
I am an AU maker, I create worlds, and the characters and stories in them, AMA
I'm a roleplayer, AMA
I'm an artist, AMA
I am living in New Jersey, the second highest state for number of people with Covid-19, directly next to the county with the most cases, AMA
I am a Pyromaniac (diagnosed by a Psychiatrist) AMA
My whole family has got COVID-19. AMA
Our country has just started a 21 day period of lockdown. AMA
I got my chem teacher fired in high school. AMA
I've flown more than 600K kilometers in my 15 year lifespan. AMA
I moved from South Africa on a whim to take a job in the UK, because I was scared to get my heart broken AMA.
I live in Nebraska AMA
I am a unironic NazBol. AMA.
Ordinary person who just so happens to be particularly bored at this specific moment in time. Ama.
The Corona virus will turn out to be a bigger scam than even global warming. AMA
I'm an introvert. AMA
Ask me anything extremely rude or insulting,and I will answer and then the insult into a compliment.
AMA while I wait for mob spawner to fill part 2.
I am the panzer of the lake, AMA
I can't tell if the symptoms I'm feeling today are from the fact that I'm a week into quitting smoking cold turkey, from the drinking I did last night, or from the guy who sold me the bottle that looked like he was about to pass out from sickness. AMA!
I live in a ghetto area AMA
Bored in quarantine, AMA.
Pretty sure i have 2 of the symtoms of the coronavirus , AMA
AMA I’m The Mad Titan Thanos.
I'm using the Reddit app. It keeps showing that I have unread messages/notifications when I've already looked at them. Cleared data. Cleared cache. UnInstalled and reinstalled. How do I fix this?
I’m drunk for the first time in a year and a half, Ama
I’ve had stage three cancer, H1N1, and probably now have COVID-19 AMA
I'm a doctor about to be sent to work on a coronavirus ward AMA
I work at macdonald’s. AMA
I m german AMA
I've flown more than 60K kilometers in my 15 year lifespan(circumference of earth is 40K kilometers) AMA
I'm from the UK, was born in 2001 and have been with at least 6 different foster families since then.
I am one of a few Cornish Language teachers! AMA!
I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder. AMA.
I am still working full time in the UK during lockdown. AMA!
I low key hope my mother dies of corona, ama
My great grandpa was Ronald Reagans childhood friend. AMA
i broke my femur in 3 places. AMA
I just ate the black part of the banana AMA
I am a intensive care nurse practitioner in New York City. I see the worst of the worst cases. Ask me anything.
I control all the bitches. Like, I'll walk into a bar and automatically I control all the bitches and then all the guys want to fight me. Sometimes I have to fight three guys at once. But then I just beat the shit out of all of them and then I bang their bitches. I control all the bitches. AMA
I want a girl who is desperate for penis and positive affirmation! AMA
I'm the girl who everyone thought would thrive when she went to college and now I've cut my parents out of my life and become a camgirl living with my bf and his family, AMA.
European police against COVID-19 AMA
I am an essential work in the US working a 12 hours shift today AMA
I am a 13 year old screenwriter. AMA.
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job, ama
ROKA LIVE: Live AMA series with Pro Athletes | TED KING, FRI 3/27 5pm ET
Im a jehova witnesse AMA!
(18F) I haven’t left my room yet today, AMA
I’m a waitress AMA
I Will Tell You a Story from "Back in the Day", AMA
Ask me anything. PLEASE. I'm out of housework and so insanely bored.
i'm a normal Polish citizen without coronavirus AMA
I'm an Indian, who can argue that India is actually the best country in the world. AMA.
I am a bisexual woman, AMA.
I'm a Muslim who still lives in the East
I survived H1N1 &amp; Covid-19 AMA
Thought I drank a case of PBR's last night to only find one half full on the side of the bath tub. Ask me about my failure.
I committed a crime at age 16 if you can guess the crime I will do an AMA today. If not I will reveal it tomorrow and do an AMA on it
I went to the grocery store today and there were two gay guys there. AMA
I floss twice a day. AMA
I’m quarantining with my new partner who I’ve only known for a month. AMA
I am sad, AMA
I am a muslim. Ask me anything!
I have some of the most unpopular movie opinions out there, AMA
I’m considered an essential worker and have to work through all of this craziness AMA
I'm brazilian. simple and stupid as that. AMA
A soldier serving as an Infantry man in the IDF AMA
I don’t vaccinate my kids, AMA.
I am a 17 year old with ADHD,AMA
I have severe NVLD, AMA!
I’m an American during the Coronavirus outbreak
AMA I'm a student scamming crackers
PERSONAL GOAL: I've been using this time off to heavily pursue my dream of becoming a rock star. Eight hours a day, practicing, drinking, smoking and fucking.
I blew myself up with a gas can. AMA
Quarantine is dull, AMA, lets have some conversations
I am a mental health counsellor in lockdown working from home via video conference, AMA.
I am a 17 yo girl with Lupus (SLE). AMA
I honestly don’t believe in this Coronavirus stuff. AMA
There's this real funny thing I do all the time. Say I'm talking to someone I'll say, "Wow, you're really smart," and then I'll wait a second and then I'll say, "Not!" Get it? They think I'm giving them a complement and then I say, "Not!" and it turns it into an insult. Fuck that's funny. AMA
I live in a shared flat with a cam-girl AMA
Live AMA with Anderson Silver RIGHT NOW
Hi. I’m a senior in college, my birthday just passed, and I’m sick of living with my parents. AMA.
I was once in a teen psych ward AMA
My life is like a Netflix Seris AMA - Read Description
I'm not afraid whlile having sleep paralysis anymore. AMA
I currently have bad nightmare that make me insomniac, AMA
I am a Coloradan who went and saw my girlfriend once she got off at 3 am to get a little time with her before the stay at home order took affect, AMA
I’m the only one that lives in my house (4 people in here including myself) that doesn’t have the Coronavirus. AMA
Dad walked in on me masturbating
I once split my knuckle open due to a freak accident, and I have the scar to prove it. AMA.
I am a gamer in TRUMPS America AMA
I am stupid, AMA
I will get offended by anything you say AMA
I'm writing a fantasy novel. AMA
I’ve NEVER kissed my girlfriend AMA
About a month ago I found out I have Aspergers. AMA
[NSFW] I will explain gay sex to you, so AMA
I am a normal person whom very small amount of accomplishments never really get credited to me AMA
I'm a person who had the same recurring nightmare about once a week from when I was about 4 years old to 7 years old.
i am am htr am is
The ladies call me The Big Man. You know what I mean when I say Big? The ladies can't get enough. They keep coming back for more. AMA
I’ve just had my first car crash. AMA
Booomer dad
I grew up in unhealthy Pentecostal church with fucked up system And relationships. AMA
I turn 20 today and can't go anywhere or do anything AMA
Just bored with my dog and cat AMA
I’m a middle schooler vibing in my house AMA!
I will answer any question you ask me like an asshole; you then edit your comment to make me look like a good person. AMA
aromantic asexual, AMA
I'm sick while in quarantine, AMA
I'm Hector Oseguera, an anti-money laundering attorney running for Congress in New Jersey’s 8th District against the Hudson County political boss. AMA.
I am a 20 year old 4'8 guy. AMA
I used to get sleep paralysis VERY often. I’ve experienced floating, being strangled, lucid dreaming, etc, from it. AMA
I ordered some yeezys and they come in the mail today. AMA
I am an Israeli Kibbutznik, AMA
I am a 17 year old "essential" personal at a grocery store pushing carts. AMA
I'm 85% Swedish and 15% Finnsh. AMA
I worked at a mental health hospital AMA
AMA: Victims. Ask me about how your life decisions, like becoming a server or having children have affected your ability to get through this crises. And what choices can be made to avoid future bailouts for people that can't handle this thing called life.
I am in relationship with girl for an year. About last 6 months I feel nothing to her, but she compels me to stay with her, sometimes menacing with suicide. Once she even made a jump from 5th floor, but luckily, I caught her. Well, AMA
I caught my highschool junior year English teacher doing cocaine and heroin in our classroom.
I was Mentally and Physically Abused by my ex-girlfriend, AMA
I have a mild case of COVID19
I am a Biotech Scientist who contributed to a vaccine for COVID-19. AMA
I eat styrafoam ama
Ex reddit troll that is impossible to offend AMA
When I get high, I can see my thoughts AMA
My love life has been a depressing romance movie and i vow to help people keep the ones they love! AMA
I just got engaged to a girl who is ABSURDLY out of my league. AMA
My dad left when I was 6 to live with his 2nd family in America. He came back 5 years later and tried to “repair our relationship” turns out he was just running from a drug ring and left again in a year. Hasn’t returned since. AMA
I'm an illustrator and I mostly do NSFW, ask me anything.
Questions about coronavirus &amp; pets? Current Vet with 25+ years of experience. What kind of questions do you have?
I’m a stop motion animator. AMA
I’ve been restricted to my (tiny) house for 12 days in Japan. AMA.
I started a new subreddit AMA
I made a lot of money on the dark web AMA
I have a crippling fear of vomiting, AMA
Edit your questions to make me look like a terrible person, AMA.
Ladies of Germany: to fulfill your sexual desires, I will travel to Germany and mount your Aryan pleasure mound. AMA
Whats is this sub for? What does AMA mean?
Ask me anything then edit to make me look crazy
I clinically died 9 times I have chronic lung disease and nefrotic syndrome (i think that's how you spell it) I was born 25 weeks early had a 10 percent chance of surviving and was as big as my dad's hand when I was born. AMA
I'm a man who used to be in an abusive relationship with a woman. AMA
We had Coronavirus and one of us tested positive. AMA!
Ask Stalin (Can only see in dark mode)
AMA and I’ll give you a completely unrelated answer to your question
I‘m a poly addict drug user ask me anything
AMA i will answer eveything, no exception
I work in medical marketing. AMA.
Online school starts today. AMA.
We don’t have quarantine in Belarus, any questions?
I'm an Orthodox Jew AMA
I am a dispatcher at a major Amazon warehouse. We are still working during the pandemic. AMA.
I live in New Zealand, and have just finished day 1 of a 4 week enforced nationwide lockdown, ask me anything!
AMA request : Someone who works for the Corona beer company.
Ask me a question and then edit it to make me sound like a sociopath.
I have a super big anxiety
I have been obsessed over a girl for a few years and I know that I can't have her / she doesn't like me. AMA
I’ve got a phobia of riding on all transport apart from cars, buses and other manually powered vehicles. AMA
AMA and then change your question so i sound like a really good person
I have brown hair AMA
I have been to an inpatient program (mental hospital). AMA
I’m colorblind. AMA
I'm bored and thinking of adding a frenum piercing. AMA
My country has now the highest rate of Corona infections
TODAY - Live AMA with Anderson Silver (March 26) at 2:00 pm EST
Sometimes I like to go hang out in the locker room at the YMCA. I don't swim or work out there but sometimes I just like to hang out naked and maybe take a shower. I'm not gay tho. AMA
Stuck in my tiny apartment in New York social distancing with a roommate who has to work downtown everyday. AMA
I am a worker at a fast food joint that remains open throughout Covid-19. AMA.
I am one of the 1.5 million people in England that have to quarentine for 12 weeks. AMA
I’m a Nintendo Switch gamer AMA
Just a bored college student AMA!
My parents are divorced AMA
I can suck my own pp. AMA
Stuck in Pakistan due to lockdown, was here for a wedding that was cancelled, return flight cancelled, Just payed £3285 for a one way flight for me and my children AMA
It's my cake day. AMA
It's my cake day ask me anything
Im Top 150 player on kills in CoD Warzone. AMA cuz im just bored.
I'm allergic to the sun AMA
Rarely watched movies throughout my life. I didn’t watch many fo the classics. AMA.
I'm in quarantine in Italy, Ask me anything!
i have the infinity gauntlet with all six infinity stones AMA.
I am from the city of Edinburgh in Scotland AMA if you would like ?
I have anger problems,AMA
I'm a Uni student studying honours in Molecular and Cell Biology in Cape Town, South Africa. We're about to go into lockdown. AMA
I am a Texas executioner. AMA.
TAICHI - AMA about taichi, with more than 50 years training and teaching experience, will do my best to answer your questions. Dr. Bacher
i grew up in a mega mansion in palm beach FL
5am and have yet to go to bed. AMA. Prior US military medic, divorced (obviously), senior at a US uni, Texas. Ask anything and everything your mind has ever wondered. Claw is the law.
Orthodox Jew AMA
I’m an emergency call taker for the ambulance service in the UK. AMA.
I have Severe Depression, and only have two friends(one's moving)AMA
I’m a Arab/Muslim AMA
I (37M) am sick with COVID-19 AMA
26 with heart failure AMA
I had a big ass tooth pulled out yesterday AMA
You ask, California Cop answers...no BS.
What technical skills is important for technology
Had my first threesome. AMA
Redo AMA, I dress vintage, like a woman from the 1940s/50s
My grandfather is a billionaire AMA
Hi, I am 18 year old boy grown up in a incest family. #AMA
The song Carolina In My Mind is giving me a reason to live right now, AMA
I can’t visualise anything. Like I can’t imagine what something would sound like, feel like, look like etc. My dreams come in the form of my internal monologue describing it. AMA
I’m incredibly bored. AMA
I am a vivid lucid dreamer, and I have spent years crafting my perfect dream world. AMA
I have been diagnosed with fatal insomnia. AMA
I polished off a whole can of Memphis BBQ Pringles AMA
I think my mother gave me coronavirus, ama
It is 1:30 am I am bored and wide awake. AMA
I'm a South Indian fat cunker 16 year old gamer boy,I like girls but I like games better.ask me anything
I can twirl a baton(beginners level) AMA
I’ve had to be locked in my house because of coronavirus. AMA
I will debate anything you say. AMA
Ask me the most politically incorrect/inappropriate question you can think of and I have to answer it. (F 19)
Just lost [m]y virginity, AMA
I'm a paramedic in a prison, and a volunteer in the local rescue system.
Insecurity about my penis. AMA
I'm probably going to prosper under this corona nonsense, ama
I have depression and make memes, AMA
I yelled at my mother on the phone until she cried today, ama
I just had my first argument with my long distance boyfriend, ama
AMA and then edit the questions.
I have an extreme case of clubfoot AMA
I have an extreme case of clubfoot AMA
I’m bored AMA
30 yrs old. Just lost my job over the phone. AMA
I download all the movies and TV shows from torrent sites instead of subscribing to Netflix or Amazon. AMA.
I had corona and hardly recognized it. AMA
AMAbut I confuse the hell out of you
I have mild autism and ADD AMA
I bought pornhub premium for the boys AMA.
I'm a normal, air-breathing human. AMA
I have autism AMA
I have tinnitus (unstoppable ringing sounds in your ear) AMA!
I just joined. What does AMA mean?
I have paranoia, borderline disorder, OCD, depression and anxiety ama!
Covid has me sooooo bored! Message me sfw or nsfw! AMA! [M]
I’m an 18yo guy that is afraid of sleeping. Please AMA so I can stay up a little bit longer.
I am Jewish and lived in Israel til I was 7, but avidly oppose circumcision. AMA
Blind in the mind
Currently listening to my little sister and her boyfriend have sex. Please AMA I need a distraction
Ȉ̷̧̥̜̺̙͖̓̆̽͘͠'̵̛̥̻̊̊̄͂̽͝m̸̡̻̠̤͓͖̳͆́̈́͗̾͊͜ ̷̧̹̦̬̹̤̥̳̓̓̚͘͝͠t̵͓̹͉̻͍͙̟̯̱̀͂̓͗̈́ḩ̸̙͊͂̃͐̓̊͘ȇ̷̖̬͉̯̥̎̄̒͂ͅ ̵̝̙̘̈́̌̿͒̃̾͘m̵̢̻̲̪͙̜̣̖̲͌a̸̭̪̰̖͚̳̱̦̗̝͊́n̸̛̖̟̤͆͑̉̇̀̕͝͝͠ ̵̼͍̱̇̒̐̔̄͋b̶̢̪̝̼͓͕͍͔́͗̎̏̋̕͝͝ȩ̸̨͔̹̲͕̜̹͓̊̉̈́̎h̷͎̯̲̮͔͎̗̗̃͂̄͑͆͒̈́͑̾̐į̸̨̛̣͕͚͚͍̱̝̠̄̆̈̆̿̎̐͝n̶͌̍̍̈́̓̅͆ͅḑ̵͙̲̝̣̤̤̰̍̆̒̓͆ͅ ̶̨͖̺̮̙̦̜͊͒̄̽̃t̵̨̡̺͖̦̦͖͆ḩ̵̼̗̩̼̲͊͆͛͌́̏̕
Ask me a question and I'll ask my brother with Asbergers.
Getting bullied on reddit about my spelling and grammar has driven me to be better at it. (ama)
I'm immunocompromised and am 99.9% sure I have COVID19, as are the doctors. Ask me anything. Really, anything. I have no energy to even sit up and play video games, so all I have is my phone to occupy me.
I can't see left of wherever I focus, AMA
Trans Man here, AMA!
So, you know that I have a live action show, but I also have an animated show. It was just announced that it’s not going for a season 2. AMA
I beat Metro 2033 the same day i started, AMA
I have spent more than two years of my life in psych wards. AMA
I am an Minecraft beta tester AMA
It’s my cake day AMA
Canadian teen selling cocaine in oil rig town making bank AMA
I have been in a car for 3 hours and I still have 6 more hours to go until I get to my destination. AMA to keep me busy
I’m bored AMA
I’m gonna at almost everything, I don’t know why. And no I’m not lying. I’m not trying to show off either, I’m just naturally talented person for some reason and only have like 2 things I’ve ever been bad at. I’m a quick learner and my interests change every few weeks. Ama
I currently have the Ebola,covid19 and Black Plague AMA
My parents are Antivaxx(or more like half), AMA!
House moms suck.
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job, ama
I've been awake for 36 hours AMA
I have already planned the next 20 years of my life, AMA
I played Doki Doki Literature Club without any feelings of disgust, discomfort, sadness, etc. AMA
I left my wife and kids to persue a long term intamate relationship with a chimp. I have her around the house and I have all the necessary permits and liscenses, AMA!
Me and my dad have Covid-19. AMA
Can someone please up or downvote my Karma is stuck on a prime number and it's driving me insane. AMA
I have a foot fetish. AMA
I live in rural alaska, ama
I am starting a Podcast AMA
I’m considered a “sociopath” but I have a strong since of empathy AMA!
I was on Juice WRLD’s Private Jet AMA
I'm a dude with barely any motivation to do stuff but not tired of living. AMA.
me and my long distance boyfriend just had our first argument, ama
I say I'm ok or alright when I'm not really alright AMA
I have autism, AMA
I just ate a pop tart that fell on the floor AMA
I can taste color AMA
I’m the older brother to a severely autistic/non-verbal/epileptic child. AMA.
I’m black. AMA
McDonalds employe ama
My mom called the police on our neighbor, AMA
I’m a haunted house scarer AMA
Today’s my cake day! AMA
Ive got hit by a car two(and half) times. AMA
My siblings has Dissociative Identity Disorder AMA
Found out my dad was cheating for 14 years and I have an 8-year-old half-sister. AMA
I am an Atheist, AMA
my brother just said he doesn't like spirited away AMA
I have a strong desire to consume human flesh on a regular basis. AMA
I’m a 8th grader ask me anything [Serious]
Fuckin scrubs
I Had Conversion Disorder. AMA
I am a vet nurse, a behavioural trainer and I run a dog rescue. AMA
I'm gay AMA
im a gamer/assassin/hacker/youtuber/robert, AMA
I have been friends with a psychopath, sociopath and narcissist for a decade. Ama
I will answer in google roulette, but your question must be able to be answered in a sentence
I don’t vaccinate my kids AMA
I overthink a lot. AMA.
I’m in the Army and currently tasked dealing with this covid 19 shit. I work nights starting tomorrow so trying to stay up all night, AMA
Im under lockdown ask me anything
I can’t smell AMA
Today, I found out how to get into the salty spitoon. AMA.
My best friend is a schizophrenic. AMA.
I had an affair with a married doctor AMA
Im a high school basketball player, track runner, and a bass/guitar player. AMA
I'm british ama
I went to sleep at 8:30pm and woke up at 5:30pmc AMA
I feel very sick and my dad thinks I am exaggerating AMA
I’m 12 AMa
What is AMA
I finished both seasons of "All American" in 4 days. AMA
I can jerk off for 50 minutes straight, AMA
I Have Severe Unmedicated ADHD. AMA
I found out I was gay by sucking my own dick. AMA.
Hot 20y straight dude in quarantine, AMA sexual
I can givenumbers personalities
I work at amazon, ama
I had successfully burned my 9th grade teacher's apartment, ask me anything.
20y male, under quarantine, bored out of my mind, AMA
I have 6 kids under 10, ask me anything!
I’m on Coronacation and I’m having a hard time staying in touch with the bros cuz they’re all playing Animal Crossing. Idk what the game is at all. AMA
I and half of my friends own chickens for eggs AMA
Look through my post history and AMA
My sex drive is off the roof but, I’m a 24 year old virgin. AMA
My show has been put on hold in the middle of season 2 due to coronavirus. Don’t expect to be able to shoot for a few months. AMA
I am a Roman Catholic AMA
I miss school ama!
I grew up learning two different religions at the same time. AMA
AMA then change your comment to make me look bad
I'm nobody important and I haven't done anything that deserves recognition. Ask me anything!
My sex drive is off the roof but I’m a 24 year old virgin, likely to loose my virginity after marriage. No chance of loosing my virginity before that. AMA
Sex literally just sent me to the ER I am in a ton of pain and need to be distracted AMA
I'm a UK BTEC student that will get a triple distinction grade whether they're given a predicted grade or not. I'm able to stay inside and relax thanks to this quarantine months in advance. AMA
I got a 36 (perfect score) on the ACT. AMA.
I’m 18. AMA
My grandfathers both requested for me to act as their dying wish, passing away 2 weeks apart from each other. Now, I’m on a major channel tv show. AMA
My neighbor died of coronavirus, AMA
I'm a normal person, but when I answer your question edit it to make me look like a disgrace to humanity.
I am an actor on a tv show. AMA
I'm a d.i.d. system who was recently diagnosed, ask me anything
I just took a dump. AMA
I’m an aspiring novelist about to start her MFA program. AMA
15, quarantined, bored. AMA
I will get offended at anything you ask AMA
I am a real-life 90-day fiancée. AMA
I like Girl Belly Buttons
[serious] I have struggled with suicidal thoughts and used to cut, AMA
f 19 and i drunk confessed for the first time. AMA
I survived 10+ years of an acholic father with semi abuse AMA
[serious] I lost someone to suicide, AMA
I’m a film student writing a 10 episode “sci-fi” thriller based on lucid dreaming. AMA.
I AMA 22(f). Ask me anything. (Not sexual)
Im 62 years old and I've never experienced what it's like to be in love before. AMA
I am an aspiring stand up comedian, feminist, men’s rights activist, and I have a slightly below average size penis. AMA.
I ate kale for the first time ever!
I'm quarantined and bored as hell. AMA.
My senior year got cancelled. 😐 AMA
Today is my second cake day AMA
I just came. AMA
I have a belly button fetish. AMA.
Hongkonger here. In Quarantine since February and doing online classes. AMA!
Bored but if this makes me seem more interesting, I’m a red-headed identical twin, AMA :)
I’m a 17 year old girl and my 47 year old mother is married to a 23 year old guy. AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I sell shoes. AMA.
I can't go to school for 2 months
Ask me anything then edit it to make me look like a monster
Bought Hand Sanitizer Today AMA
I am bored. AMA
Tattoo
A stranger online wants to commit suicide and I tried to get them to get help but they say they can’t and I don’t know how else to help them. AMA
I was molested as a child (11) and finally became intimate with my boyfriend (at 17) AMA
I'm always the bridesmaid but never the bride. AMA
I’m one of the many founders/CEOs who had to make the decision to terminate 20% of our company and force salary reductions across the board... AMA
I work for One of America’s largest home/business alarm system monitoring center, AMA
Why are white people so mean?
What does AMA stands for
I just completed a pokedex for the first time. Ama
Oooo aa oooo aaa aa ooo (I just got a phone and instantly downloaded Reddit I am Monkey my names Jerris)
I am COVID-19. Ask me Anything
My whole family is Vegan! but not me.
I’m Irish and almost fluent in Irish, I have a stutter and I have an outie belly button. AMA
I’m taller than my entire family, AMA
I'm a slav AMA
I’m a bisexual, pro-choice, anarchist, LGBTQ affirming Baptist minister. AMA
I work at a multi billion dollar company. Ama.
I’m a teacher student from The Netherlands. AMA.
I am the man behind the slaughter. AMA
I was raised from infancy to be a fruitarian vegan, AMA
I (18M) am a masochist with a humiliation kink, AMA
I was sexually abused by a priest when I was a child AMA
I have 4 fingers on one hand, and 4 fingers on the other. AMA.
Paramedic, Then Amazon Air, Now Blue Origin - AMA (25 Y/O)
My father was murdered when I was 6, grew up poor, and my ex girlfriend just cheated on me with another girl and I’m still nowhere near depression. AMA.
I’m autistic AMA
I also have a bird that has a vocabulary of 2000 words AMA
I started investing in Silver and Crypto (bitcoin) at 15. I am now 17 and own real estate AMA
I'm bored, AMA
I started investing in Silver and Crypt when I was 15 AMA
Ask me anything!
I go to Liberty University- the school that's run by a lunatic. AMA.
Whats AMA?
I'm Messiah ben David, ask me anything.
I go to Liberty University, where the school is run by a lunatic. AMA.
I’ve had tics(not Tourette’s syndrome) for 2 years, AMA
I know everything. AMA
AMA Request
I'm asexual AMA
I beat up a 13 year old child with autism AMA!
Redo AMA. I’m a diagnosed psychopath. AMA
I'm a german dude in his early twenties. AMA.
I've been awake for 38 hours and I'm not tired. AMA
My dad is a flat earther and believes in bizzare conspiracy theories, AMA
I am a real-life 90-day fiancée. AMA
I slept with a married and pregnant woman, AMA.
I'm a JW. AMA
alawita,turkey,21,
Ama, but reverse the comments. If you would normally upvote, downvote. If you would normally downvote, upvote.
I am an 18 year old that moved out of his childhood home AMA
AMA
I have severe Tourette's Syndrome. Ask Me Anything.
I'm a guy from Puerto Rico, AMA
I’ve got schizoid personality disorder and ADHD, my very existence is basically a joke. AMA
I am a proud cat owner since 2 months! AMA
I have frequent sleep paralysis
AMA professional promo editor for TV Network
I am working in a grocery store during this pandemic AMA
I am Indian AmA
My 47 year old mother is married to a 23 year old man. AMA
I have concurrent sleep paralysis AMA
I am a gay Furry and I'm can answer any question you every havd about the fandom, so AMA
My dad just revealed (recently) that my "step-sister" was actually my half-sister the whole time from an affair he had with her mom while dating my mom. Her and I use to do "stuff" because we thought we weren't related. AMA
I found a diss track on Corona virus AMA
My dad just revealed that "step-sister" was actually my half-sister the whole time from an affair he had with her mom while dating my mom. Her and I use to do "stuff" because we thought we weren't related. AMA
I have low karma, AMA
I am a catholic lesbian, AMA
I have diagnosed Obsessive Compulsive Disorder - AMA!
I feel lonely. AMA
I was a month ago diagnosed with borderline Psychotic depression, after which I spent some time in a mental-health hospital/Asylum. Ask me anything.
I’m a bored American teen in the middle of no where ask me anything
I’ve had 3somes with 2 girls and one with a friend and a girl, ask me anything.
My family won the lottery, ama.
I have spent over two years of my life in psych wards. AMA
I am an alien from a civilization thousands of years more advanced than the human one, AMA...
I’m gay, ama
I’m not going to answer any questions! AMA
Quarantine
I may have been exposed to the China Flu. I have decided to live in a tent outside of my home, in my yard. AMA
After being fine for a while depression and suicidal thoughts hit me hard and i can't go to a therapist. AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look like a psycho
I can taste words!
just got rejected from my dream college ama
A UTI almost killed me, twice. AMA
My best friend growing up and his husband have coronavirus. AMA
I talk to myself, AMA
I bought the last thing of toilet paper today
I'm a human, AMA
I’m a human person, AMA
Not an ama but jameschristianbarr, the author of the post on hot right now claiming he has covid-19, is a liar.
I don’t have the Coronavirus, AMA.
Unoriginal, but AMA and edit it afterwards to make my answer look really rude
Im Bored so I figured I would do one of these, AMA!
My mother tested positive for corona virus today, AMA
I’m not afraid to put ethics into anyone. AMA.
I just wanna be asked questions. AMA
I met post malone twice
OCD, Ask Me Anything!
AMA guy from Ukraine
At the age of ten I basically became a "mother" AMA
I am 18 and undocumented immigrant living in US, just want to get things off my chest, please AMA.
Shooting a 22. While blasting lego star wars cantina theme. Ama
I can’t read popular Reddit posts anymore because everyone whores for karma, AMA
Those of you that have covid-19 is there anything you would like to say about it like how you got it?
I’m a tall man (6’8/203). AMA.
Bisexual woman AMA
I can make anything sexual AMA
I’m bored ama
AMA but edit it after to make me look like an asshole
Working at Blue Origin AMA
I’m a first responder during the COVID pandemic. AMA
I'll get offended by anything, AMA
I am your mom, AMA
I’m bipolar ama
I’m a lesbian ama
Just wanted to talk to someone. Thank you.
I live in the USA’s Covid-19 epicenter (NY tri-state area)
I live in the USA’s Covid-19 epicenter (NY tri-state area)
AMA while I wait for a mob spawner to fill up.
I am a (14M) with aspergers,OCD, ADHD and ADD and ODD and am very, very into military history. AMA!!!
I was a young attractive female unicorn (dated couples only) AMA
I'm 25 year old and work as a Karaoke girl and Erotic Masseuses. AMA
I have been going home for 5 years and selling Internet and television services
My dad bought 25 bags of puffs because of the covid. This is a dream I had since I was 5. AMA
I’m a 25 y.o. virgin. (Female) AMA.
Never got any female attention. ama.
AMA- My (ex now) boyfriend cheated on me for half of our relationship with one of my friends, who was and still is married.
My mum had me at 13 years old AMA
My (19F) dad (58M) was diagnosed terminal and they stopped treatment in December. AMA
I’m (21F) a college student who just got over having Coronavirus. AMA
I'm a chronic depressed person who struggles with ana AMA
I am the daughter of high level clearance FBI special agent ama
I am the daughter of a very high FBI special agent ama
IM high righn now AMA
i am a professional 12 year old girl stuck in the house AMA
I'm a guy looking to talk. Ask me anything about everything.
My dad bought 25 bags of puffs. AMA but there's a chance I will only be able to reply tomorrow
I'm quarantined with 18 people in a warehouse in North London and tensions are beginning to rise. AMA
AMA then edit it to make me look like a knob :)
I know the difference between "your" and "you're" AMA.
What are the top five best lessons you've learned from marriage? AMA
i'm strongly considering becoming a sugar baby, AMA
I’m in a locked down town, alone in quarantine for 11 days already, and have another 20 days to go because of COVID-19. AMA!
Got discharged from hospital after five and a half months
I’m a qualified Barista AMA
I Have Spent Over Two Years of my Life in a Psych Ward. AMA
My friend (M18) suggested me (F18) that we could masturbate together through a phone call. It was very random, we weren’t even THAT friends. AMA
I (19F) was told I am infertile age 18. AMA
Ask me something really specific and I will try to find the correct answer.
Ask my chicks anything (Baby chickens)
Former loss prevention agent for a large mall company. AMA!
Ever Wonder How Big Rigs Work? AMA Heavy Duty Truck Engineer
I didn’t get into my top choice college AMA!
I'm an African American, what do you want to know that you're too afraid to ask? AMA!
AmA: Field Engineer who keeps robots kicking. Live 300+ days in hotels and averaged 32 states a year for half a decade.
Dog. AMA
I'm about to quit university after it gets reopened in April/May and it scares me. AMA
What's something you shouldn't complain about during these times, but really want to?
My parent is a primary care physician. AMA.
I once got busy in a Burger King bathroom. AMA!
I’m just a really bored 16 year old girl, AMA
I'm a toaster. AMA
I’m aromantic &amp; asexual, AMA
I dont feel empathy AMA
A teenager that has the day off work and is very bored just relaxing at home, AMA.
I know this isn't original at all but...
I'm a kyle, ama
Forced to stay home due to a court order. I plan on evading the law by sneaking out at night to get essentials (beer, taquitos, condoms). AMA.
I am more susceptible to COVID-19 than many but am currently working in the retail industry. AMA
I survived a plane crash AMA
I am Mr. George Cornwallis. Unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the US House of Representatives in 1994, inspiration to Ted Cruz, and a good-humored citizen. AMA!
Im so bored that i just drawed the hardy boyz logo and the undisputed era one with a pen.AMA
NO NOT MY DICK!
Edit your comment to make me look like an asshole
What happenens if?
I sincerely think COVID-19 is overhyped and that we should immediately cease most social distancing and other measures.
Want a online gf as long as a Qurantine lasts. AMA
I have 58 rolls of toilet paper, ama
I'm a long-time player/mod on a geopolitical simulation here on reddit. AMA!
I survived a school shooting AMA
Ask me a question and then edit it after my response to make me look like an idiot
I’m bored as fuck AMA
I still use a Wii Console after all these years. AMA.
I am a single dad with full custody of my daughter. I found out she is not biologically mine, but I love her like my own. AMA
I'm an (essential) childcare provider in Wisconsin! AMA
I have Coronavirus, AMA
My name is Patrick and Im a 56 year old virgin. AMA
My mom is a KAREN. AMA.
I e-dated a 21 year old pedofile when I was 15. AMA.
I was expecting the coronavirus before it happened... AMA
I am a bored high school student who is bored in quarantine. AMA
I have a list of very controversial beliefs, AMA
I am a vaccinologist in South Africa. AMA
I'm A Reddit User Posting In AMA. AMA, but I won't answer.
HPLC cannabis chemist working from home. AMA
I'm an "Essential" Worker AMA
I am a person who helps people forget bad memories and put their life back on track emotionally and or financially. AMA
AMA but make me sound like I know nothing about the subject.
mimosa drunk. AMA
I’m a Paper Mill Employee. We manufacture paper. AMA
I'm a 18 year old man with Asperger's, perfectionism, ADHD, OCD, and severe depression that had resulted in several suicide attempts. AMA!
Ask My Dog Anything AMDM
I will do my best to answer your hardest questions AMA!
I’m pansexual and have known for a while now, AMA
I am a normal human being, AMA!
I am almost certain I contracted the Coronavirus months ago, but can’t get tested (regular or antibodies). AMA
I slept with a married and pregnant woman. AMA
Any questions for someone with 3 balls?
(19F) hella bored, AMA
I work at Amazon corporate in supply chain management during this crazy time. AMA
I like K-pop. AMA
My whole immediate family has Coronavirus with relatively mild symptom. AMA
I grew up with a maid, tutor, and a cook AMA
ASK A GERMAN
I am a ginger, AMA
AMA then edit your response to make me look like a horrible person
Fibromyalgia is fake. People say, "Oh, I can't go to work today, my fibromyalgia is acting up." Bullshit. I say send them all to concentration camps and we'll see if beating them with a stick changes their minds about not going to work when their "fibromyalgia is acting up." AMA
I'm ASEXUAL ask me ANYTHING
I'm an eagle scout!
I’m an HR professional and have to lay people off due to COVID-19 AMA
Ask me a question and then edit it to make me sound like a sick twisted pervert who should be arrested.
I’ll get offended by everything, AMA
my boyfriend is mad at me because I told him that his mother deserves to die of corona, ama
AMA but I respond to your questions as offensively as possible
Ask me anything, then edit your comment to make me look gay.
I'm with Fathom Realty. One of the fastest growing 100% commission Real Estate companies. AMA
Ask me anything, then edit your question to make me look ridiculous.
Ask me almost anything, but edit your question after I reply to make me look like a weirdo.
I'm bored asf and won't get offended bye whatever you ask AMA
I was diagnosed with moderate ocd, and I’m bored AMA
I'm recovering from epilepsy and I'm going to enlist in the u.s marines ama
Non-Americans, what does America look politically and socially from the outside?
*mental health trigger warning* I have depression, ADHD, and anxiety. Used to self harm. AMA
In Vietnam, the soldiers would be having sex with all the Vietnamese prostitutes and hootch girls all the time. They used to call the white women over there who were nurses or whatever 'round eye' as in, "I scored some round eye last night." Fuckin hilarious. AMA
I have a spider for a roommate ama
AMA, but type your question backwards.
I’m (normally) an airline pilot that gets to see the sights of Europe every day. I’m now indefinitely sat at home. AMA!
My girlfriend is an age regressor and I'm her mommy(caregiver). Ask me anything.
Here's what I don't understand: say you were gay and you had a boyfriend but then you got the operation to turn you into a woman or whatever. After the operation would both of you still be considered gay or would you automatically become straight and stuff? I just can't get my mind around it. AMA
I work on a forensic psych ward, Ask me anything!
I'm bored in UK Lockdown AMA :)
I saw a video of a bunch of chinamen sitting around a table eating monkey brains out of a monkey's head while the monkey was still alive. Up here in Canada we consider such behavior to be borderline unacceptable. AMA
AMA, but remove the last word from your question. I'll do my best to answer!
Live AMA with Anderson Silver tomorrow (March 26) at 2:00 pm EST
Whenever someone asks me anything I always end up telling story or just making conversation longer than it should be. AMA
I will be offended by anything you ask me. AMA.(saw someone else, u/callmepinocchio do this and thought it would be fun)
I’m somebody who thought they were transgender due to trauma/PTSD. ask me (almost) anything
I'm 23 years old and have seriously never used chapstick in my life. AmA!
Inspired by “ASK A LITHUANIAN”: ASK A DUTCH PERSON
ASK A LITHUANIAN
Master yoda i am ama
Today’s my birthday and i’m in quarantine/lockdown. AMA
I dont feel pain
March 25th is Dante Day in Italy, celebrating the poet of the afterlife. I'm a Dantist, scholar of all things infernal, AMA.
I used to live in Poland from 2017 to 2019.One day there was a fire in the school and it killed 4 people.AMA
I'm a normal child who doesn't have school because of the closure! Yes this is boring.
Just a 13 year old black girl attending a catholic school, not supposed to be on Reddit. AMA
[19M] I’ve been a complete shut-in since I was 17. AMA
I'm one of the "essential" workers who will not be staying at home during this pandemic. AMA.
I'm a freight train driver in the UK... AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She was the star of a very popular TV series. AMA
I’m a 17yo male FOH(waiter). AMA
I was watching this show on Netflix called Cheer. It was actually pretty gay and it had all these homos in it and stuff but one funny part was that it was always the women that were getting injured. It would show women lying on the floor crying because the hurt their foot or whatever. Hilarious. AMA
I am an Italian Boy (17) currently in the epicenter of the COVID-19. AMA
I am a woman who takes boys virginities just for the fun of it. AMA
I’m an essential employee AMA
I quit smoking cigarettes AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She was the star of a very popular TV series. AMA
I have never had dry lips. AMA.
I work for TheRange a UK company refusing to close and getting away with it, AMA
Ask a question and edit it after I respond blah blah blah.
Girls of reddit, ask the guys questions you're too afraid/uncomfortable of asking
Was shackled and handcuffed when I arrested. AMA
NORMAL LIFE
I am a genie, and will completely ruin any wish you ask me to grant. Ask me (for) anything.
I'm a Wikipedian who reverts vandals (most likely you at some stage). AMA!
I got Coronavirus 2 weeks ago. Ask me anything.
Just some random atheist. Religious people. AMA
I go to a cram school. AMA
We're (37M/36F) are in a Bed and Brrakfast, as homeless people, in the UK Lockdown. AMA
I’m officially diagnosed with the coronavirus, AMA!
I am a ten year old kid! Ama
I think a Civil War in the US like the Balkans in the 1990’s is very probable. AMA
I am a composer
I'm a German student. Ama
I’m sick and I’m currently crying because I can’t sleep. AMA
I was awake until 2 in the morning because I was drawing gay porn, AMA
I have played grand theft auto online for several years now, on every device. I know nearly everything about it. What would you like to know?
AMA, I need a friend to talk to.
AMA, but edit the question to make me seem like a horrible person
I’m not entirely sure what’s been going on w/ me lately emotionally and mentally. AMA from the easy stuff to the personal or whatever.
I'm infected with Covid-19 AMA!
I work at a homeless shelter full time, AMA.
Hi, i'm from Italy, country with most deaths caused by COVID-19 in the World. AMA
3am and yet not sleepy. Ama so i may get to sleep
I doubt myself at every turn and I’m not entirely sure how to process my feelings rn. Just kinda need to talk, hope you’ll indulge me a bit. AMA
Recovering gambling addict, Aussie male. AMA
Just got called a Pedo for taking my niece to the park. AMA
My boyfriend is 22 years older than me. AMA.
Post-op trans girl AMA
My cat was murdered in January. AMA
My cat was murdered in January. A A.
I am a chemotherapy nurse, specializing in preventing infection in high-risk cancer patients, AMA
I'm a Drum Major, Ask me anything
I'm a wet market vendor - ask me stuff!
I'm a 25 y/o Direct Support Professional for disabled adults AMA
I’m just a tad bit racist, AMA
I left my tea out to cool for two long and now it's cold ama
My parents are Key workers so I still have to go to school. AMA
Gonna go to sleep AMA. Ill answer questions when I wake up.
I'm a metal guitarist who is Saudi. AMA
Ask me a question and I'll answer it, then edit it to make me look awful
I'm a cashier and stocker at a walgreens ask me anything
I am a person of power ama
I have a severe Haemophilia B. AMA.
I had a mini breakdown for the first time in a while AMA
Any question you give me I'll ask my 5 year old!
Just freaked out and broke my phone when a bug landed on my headphone (headphone was in my ear) AMA.
Raw carnivore for 3 years, I'm 18 now. AMA
Ask my bird, Skittles, anything
My dad committed Suicide five months ago, and I saw everything 5 minutes after what happened. AMA
I'll act offended by any question you ask me! AMA
I'm Stuck in Another Country Due to NCOV-19 AMA
My gf is a satanist AMA
Some guy ate a bat and now i'm unemployed, AMA!
I'm Asian AMA
I shit in a pizza box and put it on someone’s door step to ding dongs ditch which almost got me arrested. AMA
I love dog dick ama
Ask me a question and after I answer it edit it to make me look like an asshole
I feel as if I’m grounded and I know it’s going to last a few weeks. AMA
hi Reddit i was just diagnosed with bell's palsy
I am A Darknet Admin from Toronto AMA
I signed up for a spanish speakers as my language in high school but I suck at Spanish. AMA
I work at retail in these times. Ask me anything!
I have a gay cat. AMA
I was groomed for two years by an online pedophile when I was 15. I got out. AMA
A ma about to show some what karma really means
Just a random teen, ask me anything
I'm a zoophile, ama
I associate letters and numbers with a personality and a gender. AMA
Im a Highly intelligent siamese cat that lived in the streets for 11 years, AMA
I’m a mentally-ill aromantic asexual. AMA
I can't sleep, was born on the 30th of December, I'm a bi man and I'm bored, do AMA.
I’m one of the 8000 living people who can speak Hawaiian. AMA
Ask me a question then edit that question to make me look bad
I'm a Janitor/dayporter, who's still at work during the outbreak. AMA
I have the implant BC. AMA
I'm a conservative, AMA
I'm above 6 ft tall.
I have 1 half sister, my parents are divorced and both each have s/o's I have 3 full brothers and im lgbtq AMA
Im a 16 y/o. I like music and am bored asf. AMA
I grew up in the Myspace era AMA
I am an atheist
I was once lost in the streets of Barcelona, AMA
I’m a 26 year old woman from California on day 11 of self isolation, ama.
I have 155 I.Q. ,AMA
I'm a property manager. AMA
I was in the bad part of Special ED AMA
Just a normal 28 year old Aussie male AMA
I believe China has caused 9/11 2. AMA
AMA, but edit the question so the answer will be wholesome
I had to up and leave my old house all in just one night. Ask me anything. I’ll answer the best that I can.
Im bored in lockdown and i just beat jedi outcast AMA
I weight 110 pounds for 5f7,AMA
Boring teen that hardly left the house before this COVID happened. AMA
I’m an average middle schooler, AMA
Penis
I’m a degenerate middle schooler, AMA
Colors are like people to me AMA
I think I just “popped” my dick. AMA
The person i’m interested in said hooking up with me was the biggest mistake they’ve ever made. AMA
I’m a 17 year old girl and my mother is married to a 23 year old guy. AMA
yo. Im a bored artist who owns an axolotl. Ama.
Hey. I'm a bored german teenager, AMA lol
I was a service industry employee waiting tables before the Coronavirus shut down the restaurant I worked in. AMA
I am a Neo-Nazi, ask me anything!
AMA then edit your comment so I look like an awful human
Award Winning Master Hairstylist, 30+ Years Experience, AMA
I am Aithiest AMA
Drunk and quarantined AMA
I'm not gay but i think it would be easier that way AMA?
14 year old trans guy who's had art block for the past week. AMA.
Im going to get drunk enough to have an excuse to message a certain someone so i can just know and move on. Nothing bad just a simple hey. AMA
Let's play 20 questions. I'm thinking of a movie. AMA (as long as it's a yes or no question!) :)
I’m the only person in my area who knows about rallying, AMA
AMA In your native language, and I'll answer the question after putting it through google translate
I am a Jewish American. AMA
A girl snapped my dick while riding me AMA
Idk, ama
I am a fat middle school girl AMA
Adults of Reddit, when did you realize what you actually wanted to be when you grow up?
I am a 5 Time Cancer survivor (Neuroblastoma) and I am 16. Reddit, Ask Me Anything.
Just said to a scam caller “thank you for calling Pizza Hut would you like take out or delivery” and they immediately shut up, and I hung up on them, AMA
I just moved from California to Florida. AMA.
I am a 6’2 14 year old with a size 15 shoe, my doctor said I’m not done growing any time soon. AMA.
Do you know whats funny? Lupus. AMA
Umm I am a have a uh yes and a . AMA
HEY I replied to my number post comments sorry I got distracted
absolutely bored in quarantine. AMA
I'm a Medium that can see,hear and smeel spirits and energy in general,AMA
I am a high school senior who is missing out on a lot of high school experiences because of the shutdowns. Ask me anything!
I’m a senior in high school and my school was cancelled for the rest of the year AMA
StuntMan in Hollywood
I’m a Professional Chef that had their restaurant closed due to COVID-19. AMA!
I have an uncle who is 7 years old. AMA
I've never traveled outside of Minnesota.
Blocked and kicked people out of
Numbers have personalities to me AMA
i am starting to go crazy from coronavirus AMA
I am a very boring, uninteresting guy, with nothing better to do. AMA!
So ok. I just wrote a new song. It's a total hit and it's called Small Bitch. Here it is and you can AMA.
I have D.I.D. and just watched the wonderful videos that Trisha Paytas and Anthony Padilla put up, along with their responses. Ask us anything!
I made a new reddit account just for this post. Haha. I'm a middle eastern American living in southern united states and is about to enlist in the marines AMA
I'm a normal 18 year old guy living in Germany. Ask me anything
I am the most average person alive! AMA
I'm a 17 year old nonbinary furry, AMA
I'm a very neglecting guy, ama
I'm asexual and aromantic. AMA
My sister disowned me for sleeping with the guy she had a major crush on.
I’m a 23M married to a 45F who has four children from her previous marriage. AMA
My country(philippines) is under lockdown rn. AMA, or just have a discussion about the corona virus, I’m bored right now.
Im 36 &amp; finished a 78 month jail term 3 weeks ago for sexual assault on an 11 year old over a period of 3 months that resulted in her pregnancy. AMA
My dad abandoned me. AMA
Describe someone's personality and I'll tell you what color (and possibly what texture) it is
I was born without a sense of taste AMA
When I was 14, I had sex with a man with HIV. AMA
I'm 21 years old, and I've been living with two discal hernies for 6 years. AMA.
I am a Saudi Aramco employee. Ask me anything!
IAmA high-end prostitute. I have saved over $100,000 in 8 months. AMA.
My eyes change color depending on my mood. You can ask me anything you want.
I'm a normal person who is really bored right now AMA
Here's the name of my new movie: Fat Elvis- Fuck My Ass! AMA
i might just go crazy go stupid AMA
I’m a 7-11 night shift worker. ama
I’m a bored teenager on quarantine. Pretty normal but I’ve had some shit happen. AMA
I’m a stand user in a gay Italian mafia. AMA
I scored a 4 pack of toilet paper at Wal-Mart today. AMA
I’m a carpenter who has developed an all consuming crush on the woman I’m helping renovate a house for. AMA
i recently spoke to my idol (unless it was a very convincing impersonation but I believe it idk). AMA
I have a white gf AMA
I have a secret
i’m high as fuck ask me anithjng
AMA then edit your response so I look like an idiot.
I have not participated in panic buying ama
I have insomnia almost all my life
I'm bored, AMA!
I want to get lost in a conspiracy theory or two, AMA
I just squirted sriracha in my eye. AMA
I'm Trump Donald Trump AMA
I’m a gay rabbinical student. Ask me anything.
I work at a grocery store in Michigan and am considered am essential worker. Last night my state went into lockdown.
I’m a 23M married to a 44F who has four kids from her previous marriage. AMA
I am FtM transgender, pre-op and pre-T, and I am not out to my family, only to friends and my girlfriend. AMA
It is my very first cake day! AMA
I’m extremely physically generic, I look like the default mii. AMA
I'm a introvert teenager who has chronic depression and anxiety. AMA
I’m an artist, AMA. :)
I chew on the inside of my cheeks until I have bleeding wounds and until they look like a crime scene. AMA
I want you to ask me a question then edit your comment to make me look as weird as possible. AMA it’s my birthday, we are in quarantine, I need social interaction. Ruin me reddit I beg of you!
I am a 14 year old boy that has no school until next August (maybe?) but other than that I am pretty boring. AMA
I (16M) have been depressed for 2 years, have held to a blade to wrist multiple times and have had traumatic experiences AMA
I just got banned from r/Coronavirus, my post has almost reached 100k upvotes. AMA
My brother raped me. AMA
I am a kid raised in Floyd County! AMA
I am Donald trump, AMA anything
AMA, but edit them to make me sound like a bad person
We're two bored, lesbian bestfriends! AUA!
I don’t use toilet paper to clean my ass. AMA
I've self diagnosed myself with BPD
I am not Barack Obama AMA!
I live in Egypt. AMA
AMA, but edit them to make me sound like a serial killer
Couldn’t find any toilet paper at groceries today AMA
I got hit on by my garbage man AMA
Need something after a disastrous last night, AMA
I don’t have a hobby ama
I am a dude who wears Victoria Secret female thong underwear. ama!
I have a raging desire to kill my neighbors AMA
I'm bored and I have nothing to do AMA
Currently waiting on dinner to be ready. NSFW or SFW AMA!
I’m happy with my sexuality but often wish I could change it. AMA
Currently waiting on dinner to finish. AMA!
I'm one of the most experienced working girls in a legal Nevada brothel and I don't bs so AMA including Coronavirus and my job at the brothel.
AMA but then edit the questions afterwards to make me seem like a horrible person
I am a 13 year old star basketball player and I have a brother with down syndrome and autism AMA.
I'm an ED nurse and paramedic trained in HAZMAT medicine &amp; on the designated COVID-19 team
We're two lesbian best friends who would never fuck or date. AUA!
I am a 13 year old star basketball player in today’s youth world that has a brother with Down syndrome and autism ask me anything.
I am Prometheus; please do not hurt me because I’m here to help all of you. Ama.
I am Prometheus; please do not hurt me because I’m here to help all of you. Ama.
I am Prometheus; please do not hurt me because I’m here to help all of you. Ama.
I am Prometheus; please do not hurt me because I’m here to save you. Ama.
I am a Master Electrician who specializes in Solar, Storage and Energy Management. The future is rad! AMA!
I'm bored and looking to occupy some time. AMA
I'm a donut, AMA
I live in iran 20 yrs old male, AMA
I have Cystic Fibrosis and therefore especially at risk for corona. And I can't celebrate my graduation or my 18th birthday. AMA!
I am a frontline airline employee during the COVID-19 outbreak, and I’m (unfortunately) still working. AMA
I fought Darth Vader when I was 10. AMA
I just got out of an abusive relationship. AMA
I spend most of my day daydreaming about everything i want to do and acomplish in my life. AMA
I’m a high school senior who’s prom &amp; graduation &amp; rest of the year just got cancelled. County is under shelter in place. AMA
A person with ADHD who doesn't know what to do with life anymore ( but wants to live ). AMA
I’m a 23M married to a 44F who has four kids from her previous marriage. AMA
I'm anti-gun control, AMA
I'm a boomer, ama
I wouldn’t sleep with a transgender person, AMA
It is The Dawn of the Rise of the Monkey People. AMA
I'm a 30 year old mom of 6 young children. AMA!
Been suicidal most of my life and trying to ignore how easy it’d be to off myself with this whole pandemic going on. AMA
I’m a 13 (nearly 14, will turn 14 on 27 of April ) boy who lives in Spain, not so popular in highschool ( random people will push me or insult me, once they hitted me with a laser In the eye ) who loves video games and is a bit bored right now ( not because the quarantine ) AMA
Mongoloid is an outdated and derogatory term. Instead use 'someone that is so retarded they look like a big fat Chinese baby'. AMA
The cartels closed down everything
I’ve run a weekly bad movie club at my college for three years. AMA!
I am bored and very negative. Ama
What is the most trivial thing your SO has started an argument over?
Gay, mentally unstable, lonely, socially scared, at home - Ask me anything
I saw a Bruno Mars concert before. AMA.
Just did a poo in the sink AMA
My sisters ex-husband is crazy. AMA
I quit cleaning my bathroom two and half years ago, AMA.
I’m a 23M married to a 44F who has four kids from her previous marriage. AMA
I believe in a religion that is unknown(like literally unknown)
I've been forced to stay in my room all day, and possibly another 6 days, because they think I might have the coronavirus when I know I don't. Ama.
I recently had a miscarriage, AMA
I stopped cleaning about two and a half years ago and now my bathroom is icky, AMA.
I'm waiting in the car outside the clinic while my pregnant wife is at an appointment with her OB. AMA
I am 17 year old male still working 40 hours a week and my friends are all at home chilling. AMA
I believe victim blaming can be justified
I'm a veteran who fought Daesh (ISIS/ISIL), AMA
I an unable to remember any events, information or new people in my life, AMA
I’m the person who did 6 takes on R/pan to make breakfast. AMA
I'm a teen parent ask me anything
I'm a veteran who spent 6 years in the middle east fighting Daesh, AMA
Just rescued my grinder and freshly ground smoke from the pipe of my toilet and im currently debating smoking it, Ama!
I like to draw, AMA
I am in college. AMA.
I am a strange, artistic, bipolar and danish girl studying fashion. And just very bored like everyone else during this quarantine, so please AMA!
I'm an extremely bored college student in quarantine. AMA!
I am Will. Will Cipher. A teal blue triangular demon with A Top hat and a cane. AMA
I was born into a gang that went missing (not as in all the members going missing but as in most people leaving or most people forgetting or choosing not to talk about it) AMA
I was laid off today due to Covid-19 when my boss didn't even need to pay me the government would. AMA
I use to do porn for a living. AMA
If you follow my insta I’ll buy you a car katemui.r
Literally just a random dude from Vermont. AMA
I am currently going to one of the most exclusive boarding schools in the world located in Switzerland with a tuition of $110,000 a year. AMA!! :)
I created a Tulpa, Ask Me Anything
Senior in high school about to celebrate my 18th birthday in quarantine. AMA
I’m a bored person during the quarantine. AMA
I Am a Registered Sex Offender, AMA!
Ask me anything and I'll ask my annoying 3 year old brother(he is almost four and doesn't now much english(but he knows a lot of gibberish)
I’m a 17yo girl living in Italy, AMA
I am in love with one of my best friends. AMA.
Im a self taught slang poet with 80+ poems AMA
Okay, wage slave. Go perform your menial task so you can buy your cabbage soup and grain wafer. Meanwhile, I'll be bangin bitches and bustin lines. AMA
I’m a 17yo girl living in Italy and, as many of you already know, we are in quarantine 24/7, AMA
I am a child with an IQ of a genius, AMA!
I’m growing my own food so I don’t have to hoard stuff during the pandemic. AMA!
I am a 21 year old from NY. Just was confirmed positive for COVID. Ask me anything!
I'm a girl that plays Minecraft. AMA.
I'm so socially distant I have a dissociative disorder, so ask away!
If anyone's interested, I used to work at IHOP as a server. AMA
AMA I insult people all the time and feel no remorse
I ate an edible and i'm super baked AMA
I’m a mechanic bored as fuck at work. Maybe I can help you fix your car? AMA SFW or NSFW.
I'm in the most corona-filled region in italy. AMA
I can't smell and never could. AMA
I am living through the first day of lockdown in my state. AMA.
there are over 300 cases in my state, and im still working fast food 40+ hours a week. AMA.
My cat is a furry little ball of hate. She's also fat and a total bitch. AMA
My daughter was conceived by r*pe and I didn't know I was pregnant - AMA
I can go to college for free AMA
Turned 28 Today. AMA.
I had 6 kids in 6 years, ask me anything!
I had dealt with depression at the age of 12, ama.
I am a Grammer Nazi that will fix any mistakes seen, Ask me Anything.
I turn 20 today and I am in my room practising social distancing for the foreseeable future. AMA
So I go to the grocery store today and I'm standing in line at the checkout when all of a sudden I fall down and start rolling around on the floor like I'm having an epileptic seizure or whatever and I start yelling out, "I got the dose! I got the dose!" It was fuckin hilarious. AMA
I just had my first Online class. AMA
There’s pretty much nothing special about me, AMA
I’m in an open adoption and have had a lot of communication with my bio mom and siblings. It didn’t end well. AMA
[19F] Quarantined and bored, AMA
I got diagnosed with a personality disorder. AMA
I'm a UPS employee working through the corona Vitus pandemic. AMA
I'm a 30 year old mom of 6 and I'm totally overwhelmed in this quarantine! AMA.
I'm an Italian teenager that hasn't been outside for more than three weeks because of the quarantine AMA
These last 4 months have been the worst of my entire life and I’m really struggling to cope. AMA, I just want to talk to people
I'm a 30 year old with 6 kids, ask me anything!
I've been confirmed positive for a mild case of Coronavirus, AMA
I will make anything you say sound stupid, if I can't I will delete my account. AMA.
Psychpaths of reddit, can you please do a AMA?
AMA Request - Grocery Store Employee in the US right now
AMA I will ask my niece and tell you the answer
I'm bored as hell and should be doing my homework. AMA.
Lonely college kid trying to make conversation.
I´ve been sitting without standing for 10 hours due to the quarantine in my country, AMA
I am one of the youngest millionaires in the world. AMA
I've been kicked out from my own Minecraft server. AMA
I went from Brooklyn to Manhattan by myself at 6 years old. AMA
My toes are all scrunched together and fucked up looking. They look like the kind of toes a mongoloid would have. I'm not a mongoloid tho. AMA
Ask me about literally anything!
I have been a heavy smoker since I was 14 AMA
I had to watch my older brother take his last breaths through a phone screen due to hospital visitor limitations covid-19. AMA
Literally, ask me ANYTHING
I don't like Breaking bad AMA
I am an Anti-Racist Skinhead AMA
I’ve given up on life. AMA.
I'm an Animal Communicator AMA
I have SIX young children, AMA!
When I was in prison I had a neo-Nazi for a cell mate and he branded a swastika on my ass. AMA
I have 80% hearing loss and fused fingers AMA
I am a 26 yo Italian living (and still working remote) in the most hit Covid-19 place in the world outside China, the province of Bergamo in Italy. I am showing signs of a mild form of the disease and I am self quarantining from my own family. AMA
I am infected with the Coronavirus AMA
For Fun.
So I just got robbed and they took my pet hamster AMA
I immigrated to another country because of persecution AMA
Been home since the 12th and I miss people, despite being an introvert. Going a little stir crazy over here! AMA.
This is basically my last attempt at social interaction during social distancing. Please AMA
Im a Caustic main on Apex Legends, So Ama
AMA and I will not answer, im not google
I'm a dyspraxic woman, dyspraxia is a problem about coordination and mouvements, Ask Me Anything.
I’ve been waiting 25 min for the Tom Segura ama. AMA
Today was my brithday and only 2 people remembered and wished me, excluding my family. Ama.
Today I got my hands on a pack of toilet paper, AMA.
I'm from India, and India is now officially locked Down. Ama.
I'm a teen diagnosed with OCD, Generalised Anxiety Disorder, social anxiety, depression and anorexia. I soent 3 months in a psych ward - AMA :)
I'm completely lost and have no idea who I am and what my interests are. Ask me anything?
I’m black girl adopted into an all white family. AMA
We are Carnegie Mellon University Students, and we help build CMU CS Academy: a free, online, High School programming curriculum. AMA about remote instruction for Computer Science education!
I live in a house, not a home. AMA.
While y’all crying about being quarantined I’ve been quarantined for almost 4 months AMA
I’m currently manning my state’s COVID19 hotline remotely, AMA (that doesn’t violate HIPPA regulations!)
Professional chef/ former health inspector. I have a strong background in sanitation protocol and mitigation of pathogens in different settings. I can help you with establishing protocol to keep you safe from possible contamination.
My entire life revolves around the Dolan Twins. AMA and I’ll somehow relate it to them.
I live in India and am amidst a national lock down.AMA
QUARANTINE AMA
I make inhalers for big bad pharma, AMA
France is in lockdown and I'm bored at home, AMA
I used to compete regularly at American Ninja Warrior related competitions. AMA
My dad was adopted and so were both of my brothers AMA
So I tried jacking off to gay porn but it didn't go too well. Once I saw that guy's skinny hairy man ass, it sort of turned me off. AMA
So I tried jacking off to gay porn but it didn't go to well. Once I saw that guy's skinny hairy man ass, it sort of turned me off. AMA
India is going under lockdown AMA
I'm a teenager AMA
I'm sad, touch starved, and also kinda numb. AMA.
I'm an active 20-something with "mild" COVID-19 symptoms yet I have had to go to the ER, AMA.
just a normal person, ama
AMA anything at all. I'm bored.
Im a 12 year old self made music artist AMA!
I'm a US Border Patrol Agent in Southern Texas
I’m a very boring and normal person, AMA
I have severe ADHD and Dysgraphia (handwriting and writing disorder) and my parents say if I work hard enough I can get rid of them even though they are mental disorders AMA
tomorrow is my 18th bday and my city just went into lockdown ama
I am an introvert with nothing much going on in my life, especially right now. I may not have anything cool to share, but AMA!
My country is going in total lockdown 3 hours and 39 minutes. Ama
I’m a 19 year old Philosopher. AMA!
South African going into lockdown AMA
I work at a liquor store I am considered essential ama
My imagination is so vivid that my daydreams almost feel real, AMA
I'm a telus subcontractor told to keep working and provide my own PPE during this mess. AMA.
I'm an italian 38 years old man livin in canary islands, AMA.
I am a normal human being stuck in my house because of quarantine. AMA
I have super bad luck that makes me borderline suicidal and slightly insane. AMA!
I have aphantasia, AMA
I’m gen z, those wanting a view into the mind of us “youngins,” AMA
I, like a lot of people an self isolating. AMA
Currently working at a factory that makes hand sanitizer and anti bacterial soap AMA
My sister is a marine recruit and she graduated while being quarantined. AMA
I am a university student, AMA
I am a 15 year old Indian Kid living in the south. Ask me anything
Not 1 of my parents 6 kids counting me are normal, ama
19M and 39F AMA. Fucking my friends mom
I suffer from bulimia and being under quarantine is making my eating disorder insane, AMA
I am technical support for a GPS tracking manufacturer AMA
[15M] having this ability
I am a real life vampire (ish) Pls be serious. AMA
I have achieved what all guys want. Ama.
I have chicken legs and rat arms. AMA
I haven’t been to school since January. AMA
I barely do work at my 12-hour/day job. AMA
Once in a street fight i was beaten by 1 wrestler and 3 kickboxers, AMA
I'm Stuck at home...so AMA on Thursday March 26 2:00pm EST
I like to think with a dark twisted mins. AMA.
Current ICU Nurse for (Pediatrics)and my wife (Adult) ER with combined 25 years experience ASK US ANYTHING.
I'm Spanish. AMA
I am brain dead ask me anything
i learned how to breath out through my eyes when i was about 6 AMA.
I've gone through 16 surgeries and am facing another one this year - AMA
I hate the concept of family AMA
My mother works for a local radio during the quarantine - AMA
I work for an internet delivered curriculum company, AND, have home schooled my 3 children(13,15,18) their entire school years. Ask Me Anything?
We don't really have any proof that Hitler was bad. We don't know what he was saying in those old videos. Oh, I forgot- you speak German. As if. You don't know how to speak German. You don't know what he was saying. AMA
My (F 25) U.S. city just got put on a 2 week shelter in place AMA to pass the time
I lived a lot of things, i tried to have multiple lifes, here is a part of my story
I’m a former Jehovah’s Witness. AMA
I give up on almost anything i try. Ask me anything maybe ill answer.
When I was a kid, I went swimming with this other kid from the city and his family who were staying in their summer place down the road. He didn't have a bathing suit, so he wore his white underwear. At the beach, he turned around and he had this huge shit stain that covered his whole ass. AMA
Just a broken person looking to talk. Ask me anything. Both SFW and NSFW are okay
I have visited over 20 escorts/ callgirls in my life. AMA
I am a minor, that makes music online, and has received international recognition. AMA!
I'm an incel that got permanently banned from /r/AskReddit, AMA!
I'm a Student Nurse and part time Supermarket worker working during the Coronavirus Pandemic. One way or another I'm going to be working on the frontlines. AMA!
I am a totally normal person with nothing exciting or exceptional about me, ama
I had a 4 way with my friends mom
I just graduated for high school without any exams due to the corona virus. AMA!
M25, Here for no reason at all. AMA
I have five siblings and four parents ask me anything
I am a trans person (F to M) and not offended easily, AMA!
I am currently living Day 1 of Lockdown in the UK because of COVID-19, AMA
This lockdown has got me bored. AMA!
I’m a DoorDash driver/ Instacart shopper in Virginia where the coronavirus is causing restaurants to close dine- in options and only takeout and delivery is available. AMA
I’m Belarusian and live in Belarus. Ask any questions
I have COVID-19 AMA
First day of 12 week isolation. AMA
I live on an island in the Caribbean dependent on tourism in the Caribbean. AMA.
ASK ME ANYTHING OFFENSIVE
I’m currently writing my first Album AMA.
I was bullied for 6 Years. Ask me anything.
I just lost a free degree and a good job because of COVID-19, AMA
Working a 16 hour shift at a gas station in the middle of coronavirus pandemic in ontario.AMA.
bored waiting at the airport, ama!
I am a cleaner at the British equivalent of Walmart during the cornavirus pandemic AMA
Flew from Germany to Manila last week and while on transit, Manila issued a lockdown. Spent the next days trying to get back to GER as situation deteriorated and ports of transit imposed travel restrictions. I’ve observed how different people, companies, &amp; govts are dealing with the pandemic. AMA.
I live in the UK and we just got put into lockdown last night AMA
I live in the UK and we just got pit into lockdown last night AMA
I am Australian ask me anything
It is 5:28 a.m. AMA
Spending my 20th Birthday in lockdown AMA
I am doing online school during this Coronavirus pandemic, AMA!
I worked for KFC and Work at Taco Bell AMA
I’m having online school right now, AMA.
I'm a pharmacy student continuing to work in a community pharmacy during this pandemic. AMA
i regularly use escort services
I work full time at a grocery store. AMA
I kicked a pregnant woman, ask me anything
The food culture here in Italy is really serious, AMA
I’ve worked 65 days straight no days off AMA
AMA but edit your questions to make me look extremely sexist towards women
It’s 4:30 Am and I can’t sleep. AMA
Im a psychic medium who doesn’t believe in psychic mediums, AMA
I’m a night doc in the middle of our local outbreak, AMA.
I was friends with Lil Peep
I was born with congenital anosmia. Ask me anything
What could this staring mean?
When I was a kid, my little sister called me "mommy's uh-oh". AMA
I'm working at a juvenile correctional facility during the coronavirus virus outbreak. AMA
My aunt is a pathological liar, alcoholic, and drug user. AMA.
I just found out that the guy i work with everyday for 9 hours, has tested positive for corona. AMA
I'm a Catfish who fell in love with my prey and came clean yesterday. Ask me anything.
I am a bridge engineer in New Zealand, AMA
I need cheering up. AMA
Guess who tested positive for COVID-19? AMA
Lab technician at hospitals of providence In El Paso, Tx. Has a few Covid 19 patients as far as I know. AMA
I have been a Hooters girl for several years, AMA
I am the coronavirus. AMA
I’m from the year 2102. AMA.
I’m the daughter of the man who wrote some of the most popular TV shows in my country. AMA.
I'm a hospital security guard. AMA
I live in country without quarantine. AMA! Let's go. :D
I manage one of the biggest recording artists on the planet, AMA
I live in country without quarantine. AMA.
I have Cannabinoid hypermesis syndrome, AMA
We are currently blended with multiple people (I might have did and know quite a bit about it and I want to break some stigma that Trisha caused. We are currently about 3 alters blended together). AMA
I have high-functioning autism. AMA
I'm a 16f high school student that's bored out of my mind. AMA
Teenager living with 3/4 mental disorders. What questions do you have for me?
Ask me the questions that quarrel you today
I just watched a lot of old Minecraft parodies and now I’m sad AMA
I’m a high school foreign exchange student stuck in Spain. AMA
Bored college student now attending online classes, AMA... please...give me something to do
I will rhyme all I say, go ahead and AMA!
I am 10 email and shit thinks I'm 19, I watch porn. My parents are abusive, I'm glad there is no more school. I constantly swear on my youtube channel, and want to become mafia. Plus I play games that I'm way to young to play. Ask me anything
I’m about to begin a 4 week lockdown at home, with my ex fiancé AMA
I'm stuck in my college campus for the next 2 weeks atleast. I'm not allowed to go out and there were no flights so I can't leave. The campus has nealy emptied and my hostel building has only 4 people living in it right now. Ask me anything.
I’m a normal man with no accomplishments. AMA
I am a student and resident of Beverly Hills. AMA.
I'm a jehovahs witness AMA
Im trans, in the closet, might have covid-19, and bored. AMA
I use to think I had nothing interesting about me AMA
Feeling lonely, AMA
I'm infected with Corona virus and high af on Brazilian cocaine, AMA
I'm working in a popular grocery store during the virus. AMA.
I work at Panera AMA
I am a fifteen-year-old guy in the American School System AMA.
I am a teenager, AMA.
Syrian immigrant living in America.
I was working at 2 pharmacies before testing positive for COVID-19, now on Day 7 of isolation with the wifey in our apartment. AMA!
I only like ugly guys, AMA.
I’ve been know to give pretty good advice. AMA
AMA then edit your question to make me look like a terrible person
I haven’t eaten meat in three years. My whole family eats meat. AMA
I used to be a hostess at Chili's, AMA
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder, AMA
Reddit keeps deleting all the comments to my AMA post...AMA!
just a normal ask me anything but edit your questions to make me look like the biggest pervert ever
I’m a mom on her second glass of wine stuck at home with my kids because of Covid-19. AMA
I am a Spanish who lives in Madrid, the epicenter of the SARS-CoV-19 outbreak in Spain. Been in lockdown for a week. AMA
a little over 6 months ago i broke up with the only girl i’ve ever loved. AMA
Ill answer your question incorrectly AMA
I am not dead yet. Ama
I have a normal life AMA
I am Jeffrey Epstein's micro donger. AMA.
I’ve been a lesbian since 4th grade. AMA
I have the rarest form pf colorblindness. AMA!
I still see the dress as white and gold AMA
Its my cake day and Im having a drink at work by myself during this times! AMA
I just spent an hour downvoting and blocking ads on reddit. AMA
I just had 5 edibles, AMA
I’m an Emancipated minor AMA
I design ships for fun (and sometimes for pay). AMA
30 Yrs Old, Single Dad, Recently Diagbosed With Bi Polar Disorder AMA
Minor league Fraudster/Phisher/Scammer/Database cracker AMA
M tired but can't sleep. Recently go a PA. AMA. Intimate in dm
I hate women ask me anything
I want the girls to like me but I have chicken legs and rat arms. AMA
I think all furies should die of coronavirus ama
I'm 18 years old and I don't have any friends. AMA
Ask me anything and edit your question to be extremely offensive
when i was young i had thought my cat was a camera AMA
I had someone call me a "national hero" as I was stocking the frosted flakes today, ama
I went to the supermarket today and had an ambiguously gay experience. AMA
I was laid off from the small business I work at due to COVID-19, AMA
I was an nyc ice cream man for 5 years AMA
This whole corona virus thing is starting to get really fucking gay. I think the whole thing is some kind of scam. AMA
I have never been able to "look with both eyes" since birth! Ama
I’m an electrician for the largest hospital in my state.
I'm British and starting lockdown ama
The store I work at just had their first case of Coronavirus and it seems to be swept under the rug AMA.
I am a trans person (F to M) and not offended easily, AMA!
Its quite possible that I may have a rape &amp; torture fetish against women. AMA.
I'm a 13-year-old male. No matter what you ask I HAVE to answer it truthfully. AMA.
Hi iam the leg end ary fortniteboy ask me al of your cuestions
I'm a 13-year-old guy. Whatever you ask me I HAVE to answer truthfully.
Just sanitized all my grocery one by one with alcohol. AMA
I play Persona 5. AMA!
To those who are now out of toilet paper, how have you been faring?
NYC hospital physician treating covid 19 patients: AMA
Used Panties
My state is the US epicenter of Covid-19, and we were just placed under Shelter-In-Place. AMA
I was groomed for two years by an online pedophile when I was 15. AMA
I made my first public discord AMA
I was raised anti-vax ask me anything
I used to be an opiate addict, I was 8 years clean, until 10 minutes ago when I snorted a 10mg oxycotin, AMA
I've been the 21st century real life version of Truman Show's protagonist. AMA!
I work at the notorious sports direct warehouse in the UK that is staying open during the lockdown. AMA
My actions are directly responsibly for a raccoon dying. I feel deeply shameful. AMA.
Former pizza chain worker, AMA!
I have disgusting stalkers around me and they never refuse to leave me. AMA!
I was the first full time online high school student AMA
I don´t have friends! AMA
Straight married nudist
Carcinophobia Destroying My Determination
I’m a birth photographer! Ask me anything!
I (25M) broke up with my cheating girlfriend (22F) before the quarantine and we share the lease on our apartment. We both are too broke to move out early and have 5 months left on lease. AMA
I was creeped on by numerous Internet users including Reddit users via unconsented filming and distributing it, following, etc. AMA!
I am having a surgical abortion tomorrow. Ask me anything.
I'm bisexual. AMA.
I graduated with a 2.7 GPA and am in a US MD school. AMA
Highschool basketball player ama
I am a Minecrafter that has started the game in 2012 (started on mobile then switched to pc) and has switched usernames 10+ Times AMA
I'm an essential worker (truck driver) that is exempt from quarantine AMA.
I’m 24 hours sober today AMA
I’m a 16 year old girl with horrible trust issues that generally hates most people, AMA
I'm a 14 year old boy from Illinois, AMA
I think I have Covid-19. AMA
I’m a girl in Scouts BSA (Boy Scouts) in the US. AMA
I'm being forced to work through COVID-19, Medical Cannabis AMA
I'm a 21 y/o, went 8 years to therapy, took meds for 4 1/2 yrs and tried to kill myself twice. A year ago I stopped taking meds. AMA
I am bored af AMA
I am agnostic AMA
I’m a gay porn star AMA
I'm 29 and have never tried a McDonald's hamburger. AMA.
I go to an extremely religious Catholic schools and I'm openly an atheist AMA
I've had type 1 diabetes for 8 years and am almost completely independent with it. AMA
I'm 14 (M) and live in the U.S.A, and everyone is going apeshit about CoronaVirus, AMA
I'm a 14 (m) in the U.S and everyone is alesjit because of CoronaVirus, AMA
Ok I am not going to sleep for as long as I can it’s a sort of Russian sleep experiment
I am an existing thing, ask me anything!
I'm a girl who enjoys posting on r/gonewild. AMA
I live in Michigan and am out of work for 3 weeks AMA
I currently work at a travel stop/ restaurant in the middle of the pandemic. AMA
I have Pica disorder. AMA
when i answer your questions i will deny knowing anything about furries or the furry fandom, AMA
I am still going to school even though it Corona time
I edit youtuber’s videos
My country has just gone into lock down AMA!
I’m quarantined and having to homeschool my son. AMA
Quarantine and poverty
Babysitting my twin baby siblings, they are two years old. Ask them anything!
Your local food delivery guy out here in the apocalypse AMA
I've met Obama, Biden, and Trump (in that order). AMA!
Ama I'm drunk and crying
I'm a health and sanitation inspector enforcing the new COVID19 rules in my country - ask me anything!
So it turns out I’m not actually a godmother AMA
4th time completing the same puzzle
Main office MSC Cruises employee, AMA
I wear adult diapers 24/7 AMA
I'm Autistic, 33 and married to an Autistic woman. AMA.
I am a Luxury Travel Agent that books travel for the Ultra Wealthy. AMA
I'm a leader at a secular church. Ask me anything!
AMA about literally anything!
I've seen shadow figures AMA
I believe every US citizen who can pass a background check needs a gun. AMA
I found my cat dead when i came back from my second exam from last terms final AMA
I always feel like im being watched AMA
I am a professional horse washer. AMA
I don’t know the capital of Ecuador. AMA
My nickname says everything AMA (yes, i was a ex fbi worker)
Lost gambling (casino, Sports betting, crypto,...)
I am not quarantined, i go to work every day AMA
Lol I’m bored ask my anything :0
I live in rural canada, ama
I only listen to Africa by toto in 2020
IAMA video editor for a top cable tv network. Still working hard from home to edit new content for everyone to enjoy. Ask me anything!
Hi! I’m a mental health therapist who is doing teletherapy for clients during the CoronaVirus crisis. AmA!
UK just went lockdown. AMA
I'm a prepper and gold/silver coin investor. AMA
My semester at university was canceled AMA
I'm a South African citizen, my country is going onto full lock down for 21 days. AMA
I (22, nonbinary) am a caregiver for someone with a disability, working during the COVID-19 pandemic. AMA
I live in the UK, where total lockdown has just been announced. AMA
I am a species dysphoriac. AMA
I have Congenital Anosmia (never had a sense of smell). AMA!
I was a member of the infamous "Tiger King," Joe Exotic's film crew. AMA!
I am Turkish. AMA!
I just watched all 6 Tremors movies in the span of 3 days. AMA
I’m an educator at a Distance Education school. AMA
I’m leaving for Boot Camp in less than a week amidst quarantines, no-travel advisories, and numerous other obstacles. AMA!
AMA and I will find a way to make it sexual
I'm Felix, Ask me anything
I am a bisexual kid at an all boys school AMA
Today is my Cake Day, so how about a grab bag AMA
I’m one of the few Canadian oil and Gas workers still working and getting paid decently. AMA
I’m a physician on the front lines of treating COVID 19 in my state’s biggest hospital. AMA!
I’m a conventionally attractive woman, AMA
I am a normal person and currently dealing with COVID-19 like everyone else, AMA.
My dad's the reincarnation of a Nazi, AMA!
I'm bored at work, AMA
AMA about animals
I’ve been in this small apartment with my girlfriend for the last 14 days and I’m slowly going crazy AMA
I’m a teen girl with Autism (Asperger’s) and ADHD, tackling everyday life, school, training my service dog and this lockdown - we’re near the border with Italy. AMA pls!
I live in the UK and we're expecting lockdown tonight, AMA
I’m a famous YouTuber with 300 subs AMA
I am a 14 year old tech nerd who likes to rap and buy phones. AMA
I'm a self employed electrician, I run a small electrical business, and I am addicted to heroin and opiates, (no needles, only snort) AMA
LGBT in Saudi Arabia AMA
Celebrating 10 Years of Natural Dreadlocks / Nazarite Vow. AMA!
SOUTH AFRICA OFFICIAL IN LOCK DOWN
I have COVID-19, AMA!
I ran away from my toxic family when i was 19 (now 21, F). Ask me anything!
I was born without an anus, AMA
My city has 10 cases of coronavirus. 8 are on my side of town. AMA
15F and British, in case that’s important. Bored out of my mind from quarantine. Please, AMA.
Mom somehow found the definition of 'loli' and whenever I watch anime she accuses me of watching lolis - AMA
Mature 11yo AMA!
I'm a socially isolated teen with anxiety who is living in an area that has essentially shut down due to the recent events. AMA to keep me distracted.
001 AMA: I HATE EVERYTHING - Moms Bitching About This Time Away From School and How Their Children Are Going Learn?
I have a sort of answering board for my cat wich makes him able to answer to yes or no questions.
I have a international couple (Spanish-Korean) AMA
GG SCHOOL
The rest of my school year has officially been cancelled. AMA.
Does anyone remember the cheat code for toilet paper AMA
Im a 12 year old that has had anxiety since I was 5. AMA
Are people just now using toilet paper AMA
I will answer any question with a roast
I was an I.V. Drug user AmA.
I am a gas station clerk in the USA directly off the exit of a major interstate. AMA
I answer everything in nice AMA
I'm a submissive wife and a feminist. Ask me anything!
IAMA Small Animal Veterinarian still open during the shutdown. AMAA about pets, corona, or being a small business owner during this nightmare. I'm here off and on all day.
IAMA lesbian who gives her straight male best friend sexual services for money
Intresting
I'm a bit bored with the whole quarantine thing. AMA!
I'm a metalhead teenager.AMA
Cambio de Universidad e inicio programa 2021
I’m immunosuppressed in the UK; AMA.
I like to eat pineapple on pizza, with tuna and sliced tomatoes AMA
I am a life long fan of professional wrestling. AMA
I lived through ARDs and two comas totaling 43 days after contracting Influenza (H1N1). AMA.
Have you not quite been the same since food poisoning? It could be post-infectious IBS.
I'm a widower, and it helps to talk about it. Ask me anything.
I was born into and grew up in a religious, doomsday, sex cult, ask me anything
I created a new type of 3D Sudoku game for my first iOS app. AMA about Sudoku or iOS app development!
I had my skull rebuilt twice before the age of 4. AMA
One of my friends found my old Reddit account subreddit
Somos el Equipo ANID, encargados de Becas Chile y Becas Nacionales - AMA
I wear a chastity cage. AMA
I broke a relationship with one of my best friends and i missed my parents anniversary. AMA.
I work at a Trader Joe’s in New York City during Coronavirus, AMA
Indian lockdown Government suppressing cases and insufficient measure AMA
I’m in Quarantine/total Lockdown in Rome, Italy. AMA
r/ama Current GameStop Employee
Coronavirus AMA
I was raised to be a bigot but I’m changing for myself and sharing my story to not only help me, but others as well AMA
I am a large wooden table. AMA.
AMA - I am an educational technology specialist
I am Palestinian AMA.
I'm italian and I didn't exit from my house for about 13 days (as today). AMA
I am 3 different religions AMA
I have really few karma been here 2 years
I memorised π's first 140 and e's first 170 decimal places. AMA
I have very less karma in 2 years AMA
The worlds most vocal blowfly is currently performing a concert in my room AMA
I shot someone in the video game DayZ (AMA)
I work in Telehealth IT and I'm doing my part to battle COVID-19. AMA.
I just got home from Naval Recruit Training Command (boot camp, more or less) a few days ago, separated because I couldn’t pass my initial Physical Fitness Assessment (PFA)...Ask me anything.
I got married a month after my 19th birthday and became a widow the day after my 24th birthday. I just turned 29. AMA.
I have a Baby Boomer American father and a Gen X, Russian mother AMA
I used to have Borderline Personality Disorder AMA
I am an Anarchist, AMA.
I am an Anarchist, AMA.
I’m bored af AMA
I’m drunk AMA
I value me over we. AMA
Ive been Depressed and suicidal + had anxiety since primary school AMA
My life is falling apart , please AMA I need to talk to someone
I smoke weed daily for over 23 years now. AMA
I'm being forced to work during Covid-19 AMA
I will start all of my phrases with "roses are red, violets are blue". AMA.
My workplace is literally non essential and is staying open under a guise of it being so when our county is on lockdown. AMA
I work in a supermarket AMA
Give me any sentence and I will reverse it’s meaning.
My best friend of 3 years just told me she doesn’t wanna be friends anymore and she won’t tell me why AMA
I know everything there is to know ask me anything
I ACTUALLY have Dissociative Identity Disorder, multiple personalities. AMA
I'm a student creating a religion for class. AMA
Soy profesor en un instituto español en Marruecos. AMA
I'm a court reporter, AMA
I'm a 15 yo male that has been classified as 'gifted' by my school system. AMA
Today’s my 16th bday and I’m spending it in lockdown not being able to leave the house and the only people that have texted me happy birthday are my Girlfriend and my weed man AMA
I (28M) want to become a writer. AMA
My last exam has been postponed indefinitely. Ask me anything.
I believe People who breach quarantine or purposely spread germs should be hanged and have their dead body put on display as a warning for others. AMA
I’m a Sex Ed Educator and a sexual assault victim advocate. AMA!
AMA esrever kaeps i
I am a furry gamer, with autism and ADHD. AMA
I work for an Amazon warehouse. AMA!
I have COVID-19 AMA
i am a female addicted to porn, AMA
I’m anxious and extremely demotivated these days. AMA
Spent 4 very intimate quarantined days with my partner and just proposed to her 2 hours ago. AMA
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
I’m a single dad raising four daughters on my own. AMA!
Guys of reddit, ask us girls questions that you are too uncomfortable or afraid of asking
I am a Romanian AMA
I’m 45 minutes into a remote 3 day training and am bored out of my mind! AMA
First day on reddit! AMA
I'm a simple man AMA
I am a Erotica novel writer AMA
I want to post nudes, AMA
Kinda high, AMA
I will answer every question with only one word, AMA
I am Colombian, AMA about anything
Banned from any "non-essential" movement due to the COVID-19 pandemic. AMA
I have a genetic illness called CAPS. AMA.
I'm Asian (Southeast). AMA.
I skiped one year at school, i did one year twice and now i'm thinking about dropping school to join the special forces of my country. AMA
I didn’t sleep at all last night due to crippling anxiety and no matter how exhausted I am, I still can’t sleep. Please distract me from being anxious. AMA
I have sex with men and women, but dislike the label bi sexual. AMA
I’m squidward try to offend me lgbt/sjw scum
I went to not 1, but 3 different boarding schools for high school. AMA
I'm a Syrian kid from Syria AMA
In 8 weeks i am going to answer all of your questions
I’m squidward AMA
I am probably the youngest redditor AMA
Its my 21st birthday today no cakes self qurantine and police on streets. People of India aren't serious and roaming everywhere. Ask me anything.
Ex Robber/Thief AMA
AMA and I will answer with yes or no, but half of my answers will be lies
I'M A SON OF A PRESIDENT OF A COUNTRY AMA
Sleepy boi AMA
I'M A SON OF A PRESIDENT AMA
I have anxiety, depression, and anorexia. Ask me anything!
It's my birthday today AMA
I have Tourette's syndrome, Ask me anything.
Anything you wish to ask a 15 pubescent male teen, AMA!
wittyship6 on wickr AMA
Saw behind the curtain of the criminal world/ participated ex con AMA
I'm an aquarius AMA
Please AMA, I’m lonely
I lived in a single story, 1 and a half bathroom home with thirteen people for ten years. AMA!
I repair electronic stuff for fun and I know how they work. Ask me anything.
I forage a large part of my diet. AMA
I have been homebound since August of 2019. AMA on how to stay sane and content during this self-isolating/quarantining COVID-19 crisis!
I think Russia engineered the pandemic AMA
I am apparently bilingual AMA
(GAME) can you guess my zodiac sign just by asking me questions?
Lost my job as a Parkour Coach due to this Pandemic indefinitely AMA
I haven’t fallen asleep before 5am for 2 weeks AMA
I tried to shoot targets. Miss fired in the truck.
I have social anxiety and no one believes me AMA
I have negative 2k comment karma. AMA
I was supposed to y from Virginia to Seattle today, but my flight was canceled and rescheduled to tomorrow. AMA
8 days since the last time I went out. Been in lockdown with my whole family since then. AMA
I'm 13 year old who is a straight A student with an IQ of 145, AMA
Im on Reddit and have a girlfriend ama
I work at Bank Of America in the deposit department.
20F Diagnosed with ADD AMA
American Sign Language Interpreter/English currently working an overnight shift, nothing better to do. AMA
I might have lost my memory due to being dropped at my head, by the age of 3, which might have changed my personality, health, and now have major memory issues. AMA
I’m 11 years old, ask me anything!
I was clean from self harm for a few months but about an hour ago I had a panic attack and cut my wrist again, AMA
I’m squidward ama
I’m 11 AMA
You have questions, I have answers. Ask me anything.
I'm an EMS Md working as the first line care provider against the pandemic in a poor country with few equipments. AMA
When your grandchildren ask what life was like during the COVID-19 pandemic, what will you say?
I'm an insomniac who can't sleep in a normal bed, so I built my own - ama!
IAMA lesbian who gives her straight male best friend sexual services for money
I'm stuck in my room ama
I can solve a Rubik's cube, AMA.
I haven't laugh or be happy for 6 years I only smile unwillingly, because I don't want to loose my job.
My betta died of fish cancer when I was 6, AMA
I have a very very rare mutation “DEC2 P384”. AMA
I have fallen down the stairs for the 8th time today AMA
16M American student with high functioning Autism AMA
I deliver newspapers overnight in Plano, Frisco, and Allen, just got deemed an essential business during the plague of 2020. AMA
I am a 20 year old alcoholic.
I've always picked the wrong girl to date. (32m)
I just rickrolled my girlfriend, AMA!
Tell me literally any opportunity in a social environment and I will still somehow fuck it up. no matter how perfect the circumstances are.
Those in lockdown, how are you keeping your pet exercised?
I was forced to stay in a mental asylum for 3 weeks AMA
I used to be a stage light tech/bartender. Now I'm basically unemployed and playing WoW all day. AMA
I do Door Dash for a living AMA
I'm a British guy, AMA
I'm doing one of those bland I answer questions and you change them.
My biological father died from a heroin overdose almost 3 years ago when I was 12. AMA
I'm an American teenager in a shelter-in-place order due to Corona. AMA.
I'm a submissive wife and a feminist. Ask me anything!
What is something you can do to manipulate body parts that you can’t normally use?
Hey \/\/ |_| |-| /-\ |\| flew. AMA
Journal Day #16
I'm an Asian American living in the corona virus crisis AMA
Today's my b-day, (not cakeday) AMA!
1 am - drawing Clone Wars rule 34 while listening to the Lord Of The Rings soundtrack - AMA
I'm going to continuously drink to the point I black out and then further. Personal social experiment starting now. AMA on the way?
I haven't showered in a week. I scratched my balls and smelled my hand and it smells like Ranch Doritos. AMA
27M, virgin, never had a girlfriend. AMA
I got bullied last year ask me literally anything.
I have pretty bad ADHD ask me anything!
I watched someone die AMA
(M 22) New Zealand is about to be put on full lockdown (complete isolation for almost everyone) due to COVID 19. AMA
I’m so lonely
I have been on 22 days of self isolation AMA.
I’m a Sex Ed educator and sexual assault victim advocate. AMA!
It’s my cake day and I didn’t know till now AMA
I work at a grocery store ama.
I'm 13 &amp; have ADHD, been taking medications since my doctor told my mom, AMA
I am a trans person (F to M) and not offended easily, ask me anything
Homeless people of Reddit (yes many of us exist here by using WiFi and other means), how are the COVID-19 precautions affecting you?
Just kinda need someone to talk to atm so AMA :’)
I play roblox. AMA
I am a former incel AMA
I used to work at Walmart but lost my job due to covid-19, AMA
In less than 48 hours, my country will be in complete lockdown. AMA
I'm a single father of four girls, AMA!
I might have a Kidney stone ama
I stood in my basement for over an hour with a noose around my neck, turns out I'm too much of a coward to kill myself ama
Just returned to Shanghai and am currently quarantined at a hotel. AMA!
im hurting inside and nobody knows ama
I'm a single dad of four, AMA!
I don’t think asexuality is real, AMA
I have never masturbated in my life as I don't feel the urge to do so.AMA!
I’m a Quadracial (F)- AMA
I may be asexual, AMA
Literally ask me anything
Diagnosed with Paramyotonia Congenita and Myotonia Congenita AMA
Are you thinking about buying a gun because of COVID-19? I work in a gun store. AMA (Preferably firearm related.)
It’s 2:45 and I just got woken up by hallucinations.AMA
I work in a bakery at a grocery store in California during a state-wide COVID-19 lockdown. AMA.
Ask me questions and then edit them to make me look like I'm a bad person. AMA
I was forced to be unmedicated for my mental illnesses for my whole 19 years of life, dealt with drug addiction, sexually assaulted twice, attempted suicide once. AMA
Just slept with your Mom. AMA
My girlfriend just broke up with me. AMA
Stoned, 20NB, AMA
It's the first time I remembered my cake day (because Reddit reminded me). AMA!
I know Obama's last name AMA
Today, I got tested for the Coronavirus, AMA!
I am the most interesting man in north east Ohio. AMA.
I'm Toss A Batch T. I toss a batch every once in a while. AMA
My life is a mess. AMA
Not sure if this is the right sub, but I’m feeling extremely suicidal right now and would love to talk to someone (AMA)
I work at McDonald's. AMA
Didn’t know today was my cake day AMA
I am a highschool intern at a local veterinarian office AMA
19F, Hospitalized for a suicide attempt during Christmas 2019... AMA
Homeless people of Reddit (yes many of us exist using WiFi and other mean) how are the COVID-19 precautions effecting you?
I had a popular NSFW tumblr where i posted porn (solo vids &amp; nudes) AMA
I (20F) lost my husband (20M) of less than one year. AMA
Amazon Van Driver Here, Any Interest In An AMA?
AMA, but then edit your question so my comment seems discriminatory.
I have autism and am bipolar ama
I'mma reward the best question/Frage/питање/pytanie/domanda with gold AMA
I’m bored, AMA😁
I'm very lonely, AMA
I work at a Boba Cafe AMA
I can make you feel guilty for anything AMA
26yr female mainly attracted to women, however came out as a lesbian at 12 in ireland from a big family and now living abroad AMA
Missing my GCSEs
I tried to kill myself with sleeping pills when I was 16, which was a long time ago. AMA.
I was born with a hole with in my heart and had it repaired through surgery at Age 3 , I also have ADH and Eczema AMA
UK Sport Psychologist in Training
I'm an out of work strip club bouncer and I'm a senior in high school ama.
I’m a university employee in multiple high risk groups awaiting my COVID-19 test results. AMA
I floated about 40 air biscuits today. That is by far the most air biscuits I've floated in one day. AMA
I can criticize you for anything AMA
I’m visiting in a different state while the state I live in is shut down
Currently in Economics class, half the school is away
I’m currently writing a story to publish on Wattpad AMA!
I start my online college classes tomorrow, AMA.
My husband just admitted he has a crush on another woman. AMA.
I have more than 50 years experience with taichi, both practice and teaching daily, and studied extensively in Chen Family Village, the historical birthplace of this art, under the strict guidance of Grandmaster Wang Xi'an. Please AMA about taichi for health, healing, and self defense. Dr Bacher
I'm a Croatian living in Germany AMA
I'm a UK supermarket worker continuing to work during this Coronavirus Pandemic, AMA!
I'm a UK Supermarket Worker Continuing To Wirk During This Coronavirus Pandemic, AMA!
Currently in Economics class, half my school isn’t here.
I was born with craniosynostosis, AMA.
I love having unnaturally long acrylic nails. AMA
I’m 16, tested positive for COVID-19, self isolating, AMA
My A-Level Exams Were Cancelled And I No Longer Have To Take Them, AMA
I’m a teen trans girl, AMA!
I have an IQ of 85 AMA
I found pictures in all rocks, meteorites, and Zodiac letters
Inspired by other people on Reddit and elsewhere, I left my cheating boyfriend and disappeared from his life last December. (And now I have a new crush)
I will find the bright side in anything AMA
I’m friends with everyone but don’t have any friends, AMA
I'm a man AMA
I've been diagnosed with Anti Social Personality Disorder for two years now. AMA
I went to Stop n Shop with my grandparents on the first day of early morning senior shopping just outside of NYC, AMA
my (m14) house was being scoped out when i was home alone and no one believed me until we were broken in to. AMA
I live in part of Croatia affected by earthquakes and coronavirus recently, AMA
I've been quarantined since 2015, so this isn't new for me. AMA
[Serious] I’m a girl. AMA
I used to ID as a trans guy, and now I'm IDing as a nonbinary girl. AMA
I'm going to commit suicide in one week, ama
I can’t smell odor. AMA
I just had half of my back tooth fall out.AMA
My gf is a white supremacist AMA!
I'm on my fifth rewatch of The Office. AMA
I was diagnosed as a sociopath
I am a 13 year old on Reddit who knows way too much, AMA!
I'm going grocery shopping tomorrow. AMA.
I am straight AMA
I (25F) have been technically underweight my entire life (4'11" and the most I have ever weighed is 90 lbs). I'd never take seriously any doctor telling me I need to gain weight. AMA
I hate Australoids AMA
My best friend has D.I.P.G AMA
I have a Sugar Daddy. AMA.
I am 21 years old. I am married. I am giving birth to my first child (a girl) in June. And I’m a high-end escort in NYC since I was 18 to support myself. AMA
I have no colon! AMA
I got a blowjob from one of my college professors. AMA
Just broke up with my GF for 10 years. AMA.
It’s been 6 months since I’ve drank alcohol AMA
I eat a loaf of regular white bread, plain, every day. Ama
I don’t pay my taxes AMA
How to tell if my girlfriend is pregnant?(AMA)
I have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome AMA
Up here in Canada, I was doing computer installs in a call center for a big Canadian bank. I look around and I notice a bunch of the desks had little homo flags on them and then I go to the men's bathroom and there was no urinals. It was the gayest thing I ever seen. AMA
I’m confined with my crush! AMA!
Anything you want cartooned? Ama
I work in the coronavirus designated unit at a rural hospital AMA
I pour the milk before the cereal AMA
All your questions in Corporate America can be answered from the inside track. AMA
I attempted suicide 2 days ago and spent 2 days in ICU. I'm mortified and my family doesn't want anything to do with me. (Throwaway obvs) AMA
I’ve fucked it up with every girl I’ve ever liked, AMA!
I work in the ER of a COVID-19 confirmed hospital and my fiancé has MS. AMA
Im Deaf Muslim Arab-American AMA
I make Covid-19 detection kits for the CDC. AMA.
I'm Welsh AMA
I have brown hair and white skin AMA
[Serious] I’m a freshman in high school. AMA
I've only just learnt how to smile properly AMA
People in my town are freaked out because of COVID-19. AMA (#2)
26 year old gay man who left America for Singapore and then the U.K. AMA
I am an atheist AMA
My wife just died, ask me anything!
Today is our 9th anniversary
I'm from Ukraine AMA
I am a misogynist AMA
I am 13 and just wanted to start a business with my dad when corona began to spread AMA
My Reddit age is 1d, AMA.
I am the class playboy AMA
Just got out of work and told my manager that I wasn’t working until this all blows over.
I have misophonia. AMA.
I’m 15 have a 1 one year old and I’m pregnant again. AMA
unfortunately my dog died today. I need to talk about it. Please, AMA
ANA. It’s my birthday. Not my cake day. I’m in USA and I’m social distancing bc everything I Pennsylvania is shut down. Ask me anything..
I’ve done 20 sexes today, AMa
Trying shrooms for the first time during the Coronavirus, looking for people to talk to. AMA!
I'll try and express my self with emojis. AMA
I will be sad by anything you say ask me anything
IAmA telemedicine physician . Ask me questions!
i just created today a whatsapp group to post my nude pics and videos. i was wondering if i can get some people to participate in here
I'm a model that worked with several big brands, AMA
I’m going to start a gofund me to raise money for me to lose my virginity to an escort
I tested positive for COVID19 and have been put in a hospital in China. AMA
I`m Russian, M31, AMA
I am the ex-friend of a person who confessed all of his sick thoughts to me. AMA.
I almost died when I was 5 years old AMA
Inspired by other people on Reddit and elsewhere, I left my cheating boyfriend and disappeared from his life last December.
Twin brother found my pornhub channel AMA
(18F) Quarantined and bored, I’ll answer absolutely anything
I'm a technician at a bowling alley. AMA
Raised in a Catholic Church and school. AMA.
I have two native languages. AMA.
Should I go to the doctor AMA
My city’s going on lockdown ama
Twin found my pornhub Channel AMA
I will most likely hate you for a shallow reason ama
I have crohn's AMA
So I slipped and I’m on Jupiter now any advice AMA
At the age of 14 I weighed 32 kg. AMA
I’m an atheist in a strictly Christian household. AMA
Canadians are basically the coolest people on the planet. Americans are a bunch of fat, hamburger-eating Micky Mouse motherfuckers. Total fags. Gayer than Elton John's ass. AMA
I wrote a couple of ok books and published them AMA!!!
My parents divorced yesterday AMA
My parents divorced yesterday AMA
We don't really have any proof that Hitler was bad. We don't know what he was saying in those old videos. Oh, I forgot- you speak German. As if. You don't know how to speak German. You don't know what he was saying. AMA
Im 62 years old and have never had a girlfriend before or sex. AMA
I am a kid who had Covid-19 AMA
Ask me anything
I only have 2 karma. AMA
I’m an apple. AMA.
We should consider the positive aspects of the COVID 19 virus such as population reduction. Most of the people that die will be old white Trump supporters anyway so who cares? AMA
I dip my hot wings in bbq sauce and ketchup. Ama.
I am a generic redditor whose bored at home AMA
I am italian, AMA!
I'm non-binary, gay, bored af, and stuck in quarantine :(
I work for Amazon at a sort center during this pandemic. AMA
I’ve been seeing shadow creatures for over three years. Medicine doesn’t help. AMA
I’ve been seeing shadow creatures for over three years. Medicine doesn’t help. AMA
I go to an arts school AMA
My mom believes that bats caused COVID-19. AMA
I'm a model and I've worked with several big brands, AMA
Once in a while I like to watch gay porn and toss a batch or two. I'm not gay though. AMA
I haven't been going to the laundry mat because of the Corona virus so I've been wearing my underwear longer than usual. I put on a fresh pair this morning but I just took them off to take a shower and I noticed they had a poop stain surprise on them. So now I only have one clean pair left. AMA
4 years, 7 months and now 3 days ago, I was declared anorexic. Now I’m back to normal. AMA
It's my cake day today! AMA
I like to go to gay bars. Sometimes I get a hand job in the bathroom. I'm not gay though. AMA
I am a sexist AMA
I’m horny and in quarantine, AMA
Elizabeth moss prolly gives good head ama
My grandfather was in the Civil War. He didn't talk about it much. I guess it was pretty bad. AMA
I’m White/Native American and my boyfriend is Sudanese. Ask us anything
IAmA adult bedwetter, and I've been stuck using diapers at night for the last 8 years. AMA.
I work at the busiest Walmart in my city in the US during the Coronavirus outbreak. AMA
AMA about literally anything.
I am not fully in quarantine yet AMA
I am in quarantine with my boyfriend AMA
There are no brown or black people in Canada. We do have a shitload of Indians and frogs though. AMA
I work on the machines that make corrugated fiberboard (cardboard) AMA
I sneeze whenever I become sexually aroused - AMA
I'm playing minecraft right now, AMA.
I just travelled overseas now I’m under quarantine. AMA
I am an 18 year old who is currently over a month sober from heroin, crack, alcohol, and benzos. Ask me anything
I have 40,000 karma but have never gotten one award. AMA
I practice bisexual and homosexual ass magick. AMA
I write songs as a hobby AMA
I almost died in a plane crash when I was 10. AMA.
Bracing myself for quarantine in NYC, AMA
I am a 20 y/o online media marketing manager. I make the ads you see on Google after you just talked about them to your friend, AMA.
I’m just a random 16 year old girl, AMA
I’m a RN working directly with COVID-19 patients. Ask me anything.
I’m in home quarantine in China right now. AMA
I have been bullied all my life AMA
Franchise Mcdonalds manager AMA!
I am Turkish AMA
I’m bored and my therapy got cancelled. AMA
I worked for Amazon as a sort center war room operator. Keeping track of essentially everything that happens during a shift in a 500,000 square foot building, AMA.
I'm a bored french army officer. AMA.
I’m just a random 16 year old girl, AMA
I am one of the 'cursed year' students in the UK, and have just had my exams cancelled, AMA
I’m a Emergency Medical Technician working 911 in a USA major metro with increasing COVID-19 cases. AMA
I’m just a basic 16 year old girl, AMA
I’m a 19y/o sugar baby. AMA
There are no poor people in the United States. AMA
It's Sunday Ask Me Anything
I'm 23 and I quit social media after 10 years, AMA.
26 year old museum curator AMA
I'm 16 and will be a junior in college come August. AMA.
I was due to get married this year but broke up with my gf two days ago AMA
I’m just a basic 16 year old girl, AMA
Quarantined. Got nothing to do. AMA
Regular boring guy. AMA
im a 16 y.o trans boy living in the south. AMA!
I'm a Narcissist. Ama
I was named after an adult star. Ask me anything.
19 F UK
I have two dogs, AMA
I`m new in cuisine in USA. So i want to know about cuisine and dishes in USA. AMA
AMA but whatever you comment I turn into a lie if true and true if lie and opinion into fact and fact into opinion
I am a Filipino with relatives all very loyal to the president. AMA
I can connect two completely random things! AMA
I am a greek god AMA
I work for the US Small Business Administration Office of Disaster Assistance. AMA!
Canadians are basically the same as Americans except we're smarter and better looking. AMA
I'm very bored AMA
I don't believe COVID 19 is real. The climate change scam failed and now they're trying this fake virus as a way to take control of the entire planet. If there's one thing I learned in community college it's this: If you can't see it, it can't hurt you. AMA
I'm trying to get 20 000 karma. AMA
Two Years ago I spent 8 months traversing the globe AMA Proof: https://www.instagram.com/billy_gaultney/
I walked into my sis having sex with some guy this morning, AMA
I catfished some people for two years. AMA
I am a professional animal cleaner. I can wash a horse very well. AMA
2 years ago I spent 8 months traversing the globe AMA!
School Wars
I'm that girl who take "aesthetically pleasing" notes AMA
Say something and i will find a way to be offended or insulted or insult you (theres prob gonna be a high chance i wont come up with many)
I have caught the Ebola virus,Black Plague, aids and Measles during my lifetime AMA
Yes, I'm that girl who likes to make "aesthetically pleasing" notes AMA
I am an interesting person, AMA
I am not rich. As a 5 year-old shepherd in Afghanistan; as a 10 year-old undocumented refugee in Pakistan; and as a 31 year-old working class congressional candidate, my survival and successes are born in struggle. I’m Zainab Mohsini running a grassroots campaign to make large, structural change.
I'm and EMS Md working as the first line care provider against the pandemic in a poor country with few equipments. AMA
Me (25/F) and my brother (11/m) are sheltering in place together. We’ve been in my apartment for two weeks. AMA!
I’m 21 and wear diapers 24/7 by choice! AMA
I experience sexually induced sneezing. AMA
I work for a hospital in NYC as design/project engineer, I'm on the construction team but have been put in charge of new ICU construction during the COVID-19 pandemic, ask me anything?
I’m a cop. /AMA
I have synesthesia! AMA
I have become the exact person I didn't want to be, a 27 unemployed virgin living in his parents basement in short, a neckbeard. AMA
I dropped an egg and almost cried due to my limited amount. AMA.
I’m a teenager in the catholic school system. AMA.
I'm a north american staying home because it will help with the pandemic but I still go for a walk in non-busy parks from time to time. AMA
My dad has been a tattoo artist for 30 years and has been deemed the best tattoo artist in my city twice, yet I can’t draw to save my life. AMA
I own a pair of leggings and am a guy ama
I [23M] am an italian student and live in one of the most coronavirus hit places in the world AMA
Everyone Read and Share This Post - THIS IS OUR ONE AND ONLY TIME ON THIS PLANET
Currently working in a grocery store during the Coronavirus outbreak, AMA.
I'm a psw in long term care... I've been in the trenches... ASK ME ANYTHING
I'm laid off from work for a few weeks, have a lot of home renovations to do but can't get building materials home because I didn't buy a truck before our licensing office closed. AMA.
Living in Hong Kong 13 Ama
I'm in Italy during the lockdown (covid19). AMA
I’m watching anime right now,AMA
I'm aromantic asexual. AMA
I only listen to wwe music.AMA
I'm "The weird silent kid" at school, AMA
I am a American in another country with no plans on returning anytime soon(Coronavirus). AMA!
I’m the adult child of a Black Trump supporter and a White woman who has lied about being Black her whole life. AMA
I'm sad that my school closed. AMA
I like to write on request. AMA
I'm a human person AMA
I trained my body to confuse my need to pee with sexual frustration AMA
AMA.
I’m a 23f with a generalised anxiety disorder, severe depression, social anxiety, severe OCD and an eating disorder. Wanna know what it’s like in my head? AMA.
People of Reddit; have you ever babysat the child of an entitled parent? What was that like?
I work at White Castle. AMA
I am 17M and I never had any other gaming console than nintendo DS and nintendo 3DS, AMA
I have been sleeping on the floor for 2 and a half years. Last week a got a bed, but I might go back to the floor. Ask me anything.
I am a 15 year old edge lord, AMA
Just started learning Python coding, AMA.
I had to quit my first job after 2 weeks because of a workplace injury. AMA!
Friend came from Paris to America with the coronavirus AMA
I am a human
19F, AMA
I play World of Warcraft. AMA
Uhh idk what to call this
I'm 17F virgin and I haven't gotten my first kiss nor had a boyfriend AMA
i have asthma AMA
Drunk trans MTF! AMA
I suffer from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) AMA
I suffer from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and am 13 AMA
My cousin is an incel, we got into a fist fight. AMA
I'm a black guy from Germany AMA
I'm an astrophysicist. Ask me anything!
im 14 and irish AMA
Its two months that I am in quarantine at home for Covid-19 AMA
I don’t consider Canada to be a real country. AMA
I’m a 13 year old Arab AMA
I am “The Antichrist”. AMA
I have a sugar daddy. AMA.
I have a rare condition called Juvenile Dermatomyositis, AMA.
My father knew who killed JFK and told me about it in a letter I received after his death AMA
Im a racist AMA
I'm an Italian quarintine in Moscow, Russia AMA
I just played animal crossing for 20 hours straight! AMA
I have done nothing of significance, AMA
I have Juvenile Dermatomyositis, AMA.
I’m a drug dealer that doesn’t have the stereotypical background story, AMA
I experienced a magnitude 5.3 earthquake. AMA
New to reddit and want to socialise, that’s it, nothing special AMA
Bored as hell AMA
I am 100% European/Aryan AMA
Never thought I was anorexic therapist diagnosed me with anorexia. AMA.
I am 14 year old boy from Washington State, AMA.
AMA but edit your answers to make it look like I’m not taking precautions against getting coronavirus
Quarantine and earthquakes
I opened a restaurant in two weeks at age 24 two years ago, now closed temporarily from COVID-19. AMA
I have epilepsy. AMA
Former Wildland Firefighter in Northern California. Ask me anything
Croatia 5.3 earthquake
Just got cheated on and I cant even talk to the guy that cheated on me cause of the quarantine please distract my mind reddit
AMA but edit your question to make me look extremely horny
I memorized 150 digits of pi, made a flappy-bird type video game and finished 2 shows and a movie, in the last week, AND I'm NOY qurentined. AMA
I'm one of the few people in the world who did not not panic-buy a platoon's worth of toilet paper. As a result, I am now out of toilet paper and cannot buy any. AMA
I am having flashbacks of my sexual assault and am now depressed. AMA
I am a European racist AMA
I'm a time travelling hedgehog from the year 2091. AMA
I was homeschooled nearly all my life, Ask me anything!
I may have contracted Coronavirus in January and brought it home. AMA.
AMA I'm Al I'm currently 8 years into an 18 year sentence in Ireland AMA
(18F) So bored of quarantining, ask me anything at all
I’m bisexual and I accidentally came out to him and the other and I’m trying to come out to my girlfriend and ignoring how to come out to my parents and about to give up and stay in the closet and just let my best friends know Also how’s your day AMA
I have a 3D printer, AMA.
I am a Trans Girl AMA
Just felt 2 strong earthquakes in Zagreb and it's Corona time, AMA...
My girlfriend just broke up with me after having a really good day together and now I must fall asleep knowing I am myself in the morning, AMA!
I have about 11 people that live inside my head (therapist thinks it might be did but I haven’t been formally diagnosed) AMA
I have somnophilia, AMA!
i have schizophrenia AMA
My friend lied about having cancer to get his ex back AMA
I am behind you right now AMA
Just deleted 500gbs of porn AMA
I’m Tyler Durden, AMA
I have COVID-19. AMA.
I recently came out as bisexual to few of my friends. Ask me anything
Sometimes I graphically stitch faces of girls in my acquaintance circle to pornography. AMA
Edit ur reply when I answer so i sound offensive
My grandfather is on the Bloomberg Billionaire Index AMA
It’s 7:30 am an I just woke up to a tiny earthquake. ama
I'm in quarantine and power just went out for my entire county and will be out for an estimated 2 hours. AMA
I am bored AMA
We keep hearing about how crazy a 30 something’s life has been so far. What are some crazy times in history a 30 year old from the past would feel the same way?
Hot suspended from online classes AMA
I want to do an AMA here, but in the style of r/EditmyReddit. AMA (or EMR)
Community health nurse in calgary, Canada, AMA
I am an uninteresting and average middle school student, AMA
I’m going to take hormonal supplements, AMA.
My wife has COVID-19 and I gotta take care of a 2 year old and 3 month old AMA
I am a teen living in India,AMA.
AMA and I’ll answer you with blatant lies
I’m a Forensic Accountant. AMA
just finished a tv series I was enjoying and now im a little sad AMA
Immigration inspector here in the midst of COVID-19 - ask me anything!
Hi I am a psychology major here to analysize human behaivor and provide insight, AMA.
Im an autistic jewish male in a mostly black school. AMA
I'm 15, and today is the 3-year anniversary of me not playing video games. AMA
Movie StuntPerformer in LA
I'm so skinny that I have no limits on eating. AMA
Just celebrated my 24th birthday and alittle drunk AMA!
I have multi personality disorder (DID) AMA
I recovered from the corona virus aka COVID-19 AMA
Self quarantine
I tested Positive for Covid-19 AMA
Psychologists of reddit, ask me questions?
someone at my work tested positive for covid19 AMA
I tested Positive for Covid-19 AMA
I’ve successfully sold 100,000 audiobooks I wrote. Besides my author name and book names, AMA.
I’ve successfully astral projected. AMA
I am just a normal lady AMA
Former survivor of ARDS, one of the complications of COVID-19 that causes fatalities. AMA.
Grocery store worker during COVID-19 pandemic. AMA.
Only going off of my experience, but every guy I’ve ever talked to or dated hates feet! I’m not in love with them, but I don’t hate them or am repulsed by them...why are they so hated, by men or women?
I don't feel hunger. AMA
Im lost
I'm bored because of the coronavirus. AMA.
I was hit by a train and lost half my lower legs - AMA
I have Aphantasis (No mind’s eye) AMA
I listen to metal, any fellow metalheads here? AMA
My closest one suggested me to go into therapy and fear that I might develop a mental illness. AMA
I am a qurantined kid in third world country. AMA
I am me
I am a Coronavirus survivor Ask Me Anything
im bored so ama
I am the son of a multimillionaire. AMA
If China does not forgive all US debt within 100 days we will invade from all boarders. This has been authorised in closed meetings with the UN. AMA
I'm a male. 16 years old. 5'7. Weigh almost 240 pounds. I'm struggling with my weight and sexual performance by myself and with others. Ask me anything. Or give me advice. I know this Is vague. But idk
I’m a middle schooler with two friends to answer questions with, AMA
I recently bought the new Animal Crossing. AMA!
Ama I can’t sleep
If China does not forgive all US within 100 days we will invade from all boarders. This has been authorised in closed meetings with the UN. AMA
quarantine has me bored so... Im lesbian, AMA!
quarantine has me bores so... I'm lesbian, AMA
My mother has Bipolar disorder (manic depression)...AMA
got a tick on penis ahhhhh
I am a male contortionist that can do the Marinelli Bend, the hardest pose in contortion. AMA
Reddit, what's your most embarrassing childhood story
I am a Burger King worker in Spain. AMA.
I am a senior at an American boarding school currently finishing up the year remotely
F20 and just drank a whole bottle Svedka AMA
Can I pee?
I Am Bored AMA
I have a telephone phobia AMA
I commit war crimes. AMA
I am working as a food delivery driver after losing my job in the wake of the coronavirus. AMA.
Quarantined alone, finally *possibly* allowed to work from home. Can't see my gf or most of my family.... AMA
My boyfriends a māori gang member, AMA
I survived lavender town syndrome AMA
I live in an infected city in New York State, ask me anything.
I’m a supervillain in the making, AMA
My husband is halfway through treatment for HPV-positive oropharyngeal (tonsil) Cancer during the COVID-19 epidemic. AMA
F20s and Drunk af. AMA(be intrusive)
I suspect my parents are extremely disappointed in me, AMA
AMA, but I ask each question to the person physically closest to me (or someone digitally if i’m not near someone in person) with no context
I’m secretly Swedish. AMA
The army in my country is using the football stadium as a facility ama
I'm really bored so I've been working on a new project to help improve learning by structuring and organizing the chaotic mess of information on the web. AMA
I have trichotillomania, AMA
I'm probably going to end up killing myself as a result of the corona crisis, ama
I'm a "hardcore" prepper. My family &amp; I have been "bugged out" since March 8th. Ask us anything!
I’m a average teenager AMA
I'm Nonbinary Genderfluid. AMA
Italian who contracted coronavirus, AMA
I have a mild case of Coronavirus AMA
Guy living the first day of lockdown in Argentina AMA
I just started a subreddit
Corona
I am friend with a Call of Duty god. AMA!
UCLA STUDENT who will graduate online AMA
I am a night shift manager at a grocery store in Oklahoma. We’ve been dealing with the panic brought on by COVID-19. AMA!
I work in the ER and in supply chain for a major hospital in Michigan AMA
I went to the hospital because I have fever and cough , tested positive for COVID-19 , now in quarantine in my home. AMA
I’m recently unemployed after being laid off via mass HotSchedules message from my local serving job, AMA
One year ago, I finalized the adoption of my son as a single man. AMA
Epic ama
I am a 31 year homeschool Mom/Teacher veteran AMA
I’ve played beat saber for 5 hours overall and just beat my first expert+ song, AMA
I hate myself and feel less and less everyday that I wake up. AMA
I’m bored. AMA
I'm an incel AMA
I own a custom metal casting business where my girlfriend and I make weapons from video games, tv series, and anime’s, and hundreds of other custom projects AMA!
Comment a question, I will reply then edit your question to make my reply seem terrible
I stole a total of 19 rolls of toilet paper from two hotels, three gas stations, and one XXX adult store this March. AMA.
I am a 9th grader ask me anything
Fully intend on holding our Flat Earth Society chapter meetings in a large group setting despite the state being on lockdown &amp; banning groups of 10 or more. AMA!
Finally reunited with my dad's side of the family after 13 years. AMA
(16 MtF) AMA dads sick so i have to self quarantine i like punk mental goth and emo
I’m the VP of a motorcycle club
Oh lord we decided to take the shrooms in the freezer ama
I want to thank all of you, fellow redditors for being with me when no one was there to help me. AMA
I just dropped out of grad school that’ll cost me 50K AMA
My dad is in the milltary and we are currently stationed in South Korea.
In Canada, milk comes in bags. AMA
I'm a guy working at a grocery store when there are a bunch of people panic buying everything AMA
I've had 2.6 glasses of wine. AMA!
I grew up in the Outback AMA
I am a kid gamedev ama
My “ex’s” parents think that we had sex, AMA
My church doesn’t plan on closing anytime soon
I am a child of divorce, ama.
I'm an army ceremonial guard - AMA!
How can I tell if my girlfriend is pregnant?
My “ex’s” parents think that we had sex, AMA
I'm a toxic person ama
I am the 4th Great Grand Nephew of Kaiser Wilhelm II
Just ended a 2 year long relationship AMA
I‘m bilingual, bisexual and ambidextrous AMA
Today's my birthday and I'm sick, AMA!
I was afraid I had coronavirus, but on further research I am pretty confident I have walking pneumonia, caused by a bacteria. Maybe flu season spikes it up as well. Also all schools in my state, CA, are on lockdown till April 30th. AMA!
The love of my life is on her way to America right now before our borders close/her fiancé visa expires. I can’t wait to finally start life together, but am crying because I can’t imagine what leaving her homeland is like in these circumstances. AMA.
I hate teenagers ama
Give me some tough to answer questions.
I'm a 3 and a half year old practicing social distancing at home with my parents and uncle. Ask me anything!
Im kyle, but i like red bull, am super nerdy and game a lot
My “ex’s” parents think that we had sex, AMA
My name is jake. I’m a State Farm agent. I’m not wearing anything. AMA
I've been in stuck at home for the past two weeks due to Italy's national lockdown. AMA
i dont like hugs ama
I have Congenital Anosmia (never being able to smell). AMA
I live in one of the major Covid-19 outbreak zones in the US. AMA
Was a US citizen living in France and got the heck out of dodge the day the country went on lock down AMA
The Adventure Time theme song is stuck in my head. AMA
I live on one of the major Covid-19 outbreak zones in the US. AMA
I'm non-binary. AMA.
Recovering self-harmer, AMA
I like hugs. AMA
I’m super bored at work and gonna rub one out soon ama
I am a veterinarian free to answer your questions about my job, your pets and how we are also essential workers right now. AMA.
I'm a US medical student and I'm trying to get enough karma to post in another subreddit. AMA
I beat my wife if needed AMA
My “ex’s” parents think that we had sex, AMA
i’m so so bored i’m a 20F virgin and home from college super bored so AMA (even nsfw)
I'm a "prepper" AMA
AMA but I ask my crush the questions without warning
Introvert trying to learn to talk to people properly AMA
I live in Poland. AMA
AMA but edit your question to make the response offensive.
My “ex’s” parents most likely think that we had sex, AMA
I was diagnosed with PTSD in the 5th grade, AMA.
Grocery store cashier during this crazy pandemic time AMA
In 1993 I threatened Bill Clinton. Every since then the secret service has a car parked outside my house every time a president in in town AMA
I live in Britain, you can AMA about what it’s like in britain or just AMA about me!
I have a 3d printer. AMA
i am a bisexual ama
My GCSEs have been cancelled! AMA!
AMA and change it to make my response seem as screwed up as possible.
I’m a prostitute AMA
I have made my motel units into a COVID-19 isolation units. AMA
School’s out for the next 3 weeks. (Not including this week, which was week 1). I’m v bored, AMA.
I am a self-diagnosed pedophile
16m I feel like talking to people, so go ahead and ask me absolutely anything you want :)
I live in James City County, Virginia. Were one of the epicenters for Covid-19 on the East Coast. I'll answer anything about how this virus is affecting everyday life
My mom has borderline personality disorder. AMA
I am Big Chungus, ask me anything!
Im burning grass clipping for the rest of my day off. AMA
I’m on day 5 of Quarantine AMA
I've done LSD and mushrooms AMA
My greatest emptyness in Life, yet everything goes according to plan and I should be happier than ever.
I (F20) got diagnosed with Covid-19. AMA
I got tested for the Coronavirus this morning. AMA
I'm a child of millionaires. AMA!
I'm (19f) currently social distancing during the outbreak. AMA :)
Having seen the Gray Parrot’s AMA, I will ask my asshole cat things. AMA
I’m a 22 year old who’s never been kissed, AMA
I’m making a “choose your own adventure” video series right now. What should I include in the story?
I work at a toilet paper factory and it is INSANE ama
I was born into the top 10% bracket of wealth in my country (England). AMA.
I’m a closeted lesbian out to my mom with depression AMA
I live a strange life, but it helps me, and it might help you. Ask me anything.
We’re servers at BBQ joint in Oklahoma that has yet to switch to carry out only due to COVID19. Ask us anything!
I have epilepsy AMA
Im gay (homosexual) AMA
My battery’s about to die AMA
Can explain anything that is, AMA
I wrote a paper on the Great Emu War. AMA
I'm an edgy zoomer, ama
I met a reddit friend IRL last night and hung out with them again today AMA
I live in one of the major outbreak zones for Covid-19, James City County, Virginia. They're saying we have the most infections and deaths in the state. AMA.
16 y/o, moved 19 times, single mom (she's more of a badass than a green Barette), court battle over my hereitance from across the country, in music school (fully enrolled) apporaching my junior year. AMA
Went on vacation to Colombia to propose to my now fiancé and almost didn’t make it back AMA
I have Epilepsy AMA
I'm sat on toilet AMA
im 12 ama
I am addicted self-harm and I have been clean for over a month AMA
Ex drug dealer and fully enrolled in college approaching my junior year. AMA
I have anxiety AMA
I’m friends with Pikadillo
I live in Ohio AMA
Just a bored girl on almost complete self-quarantine. AMA
AMA ask me about literally anything!
I don’t laugh easily at all, so make me laugh and I’ll give you gold.
As requested: I am a straight caucasian male living in America. AMA
I'm a self employed hermes courier driver. Ama!
I think the stock market should be abolished.
My state is going to be on lockdown at 5 p.m today. I am one of the people that has to work through all this to make sure people get their food and supplies. Ask me anything!
I work aboard a small cruise ship that's currently headed to California from Central America. AMA.
I think coronavirus is hilarious ama
I chose to get what could be the corona virus over spending 3 weeks with my sister. Ask me Anything!
I live in Poland. AMA
I have big cohonas. Ama
i have visual and hearing delusions ama
Got out of a three day stint in a psychiatric facility after a suicide attempt. AMA
Got out of a three day stint in a psychiatric facility after a suicide attempt. AMA
I am a veterinarian on quarantine. AMA.
AMA...
I’m a depressed 16 year old girl that was sent home from studying abroad 2 months early and am now stuck with my family who I hate. AMA.
I’m 15 Years old living in the uk and got corona (AMA)
AMA
diagnosed with ADHD and Major Depression, AMA
Im spanish so ill be quarentined for maybe 2 months. I think that i will turn crazy for not going out of home. AMA
I've had a 102 degree fever uncontrollable cough for 1 week now, probably going to die of corona, ama
I’m an alien AMA
Online Classes
I'm a YCCC (Youth Charitable Construction Corps) instructor.
I’m bored please ask me the most ridiculous questions you can ask.
Grew up in a pedo-ring AMA
I have juvenile myoclonic epilepsy(JME for short) AMA
I just doubled my karma today AMA
my mother is stuck in another country bc of the virus. ama
I'm a fish AMA
I finished Doki Doki Literature Club in one hour on my first time playing without dying of depression. AMA
I'm an average person who has been diagnosed with Autism later than normal in life. AMA
I just got out of a toxic relationship. AMA!
*Insert random excuse for human interaction* Ama!
Just got done shooting a pellet gun. Ama.
Nsfw Twitter girl AMA
I’m a vegan meal prepared and person check @Ode2Food. This is my spouse’s account. Anyone stuck about what to make for lunch or dinner? Give me a shout with what’s in your fridge / cupboard and I’ll try and help. AMA!
I own a subreddit about B1 Batte Droids. AMA
Have the Coronavirus outside my home country. Currently under quarantine. Ama
I have suicidal tendencies
[request] one of those stupid mother fuckers who was partying in Miami
Tengo tendencias suicidas
I have a really dirty mind, I can sexualize anything. AMA
I've been vegan for almost a year now! I ate meat till I was 5 and vegetarian till last year. AMA
Just shaved my balls with a straight razor
I'm interviewing one of Italy's lead pulmonologists about COVID 19 on Monday. Any questions you'd like me to ask on your behalf?
I'm interviewing one of Italy's lead Pulmonologists on Monday. Any questions you'd like me to ask on your behalf?
I’m a hamster. AMA.
I am Italian and living in Italy, AMA
ama. make it random
TW: I was abused physically, emotionally, and mentally by my uncle. Ask me anything.
I was bullied in elementary and middle school and I'm extremely shy. AMA
I started a subreddit
Tengo una novia celosa
I've been asked out by 15 guys and I'm 19 yrs old but I don't think I'm THAT attractive and I'm not flirty at all! AMA :)
I’m a senior in high school and everything I’ve been looking forward to is getting cancelled. AMA
I sucked my first cock today. AMA!
I am a huge tomboy. AMA.
I’m bored, AMA
i have a slight obsession with McDonald’s ketchup sauce, AMA
AMA NOW
I’m 19 &amp; live alone on a sailboat. My boyfriend lives in the same marina &amp; he’s 50. AMA
I'm a cosplayer, AMA
Hello fellow Redditors i have lost 85 KG (roughly 190 lbs) and since im bored of covid-19 posts i will answer everything.
i m doing math at 3am, AMA
I have the bad virus AMA
I am a pastor whose church will be open tomorrow, AMA
I'm a karma whore AMA
Oil worker stuck offshore until further notice. AMA!
I am a person living in the Philippines in the National Capital Region which is in quarantine because of Covid - 19 AMA
I just started my own subreddit!
I don’t use toilet paper because I take a shower after I shit. AMA!!!
I'm currently moving out my dorm a month early, AMA
I know almost everything about Merlin, AMA!
I have the Alice In Wonderland Syndrome AMA
I’m IDF solider AMA
I am an asshole thats a jerk I cheat on my wife, taxes, drink and have had 4 hit and run
Just watched 5 films in the cinema consecutively in one day. AMA
I'm a small agapornis fischeri that doesn't know any words, AMA
I am a Psychologist who specializes in leadership and personal development. AMA!
I am a mortgage loan officer in the US and there is a lot of confusion about the current rates and the impact that Feds cutting rates has had. AMA
I will answer every question with my phone's suggested text only. AMA.
AMA
I will try to connect thing(1) to thing(2) AMA
I was diagnosed with Dissociative Identity Disorder yesterday. Help me understand things better, by AMA
I’m currently a Amazon warehouse employee amid this outbreak. AMA
I am adopted and was abused AMA
I currently have all the symptoms of COVID-19. AMA
Ask my dog anything, I will answer with what I think my dog will say.
I have PCD (Primary Ciliary Dyskenesia), so all my (internal) organs are backwards, AMA
I have PCD (Primary Ciliary Dyskenesia), so all my (internal) organs are backwards, AMA
AMA
My job is considered critical infrastructure (defense) by the US government. AMA.
I love to do dares. AMA
Almost every relationship I've ever had was toxic in one way or another. AMA
I am a normal human. AMA
13 year old Swedish Star Wars nerd, AMA
Just AMA
Over 1 Millions Euros Lost Bc covid-19 AMA !!
I’m anosmic, meaning, I can’t smell AMA
I'm a grocery store cashier with 3 years on-the-job experience. AMA
I’m not vaccinated, AMA
I have an overactive imagination AMA
Just lost 19lbs AMA
I hate supreme, apple and tiktok , AMA
In my first online class rn, AMA!
I am a Spanish (third most infected country at the time of writing) college student in full military-enforced lockdown, completely alone and away from home. AMA.
I am on Reddit, AMA
I am a random loser that's not at all interesting in any way AMA!
I’m bored ama
i sometimes go months without brushing my teeth
Just made out with my Girl Best Friend. AMA - It's more interesting than it seems. ;)
I’m incapable of getting in or managing a real relationship. AMA
Say or ask me anything and I will be offended by it.
I caught my mom and my uncle fucking a few times. Ama
I am a college sophomore about to publish her first novel with a small press in Washington DC. AMA
When I was younger I was raped multiple times by my neighbours dog.
I have a very thick Brooklyn accent
My parents both have the virus and I don't. AMA
AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
Just AMA
I’m bored and need to practice my digital art work.AMA.
Tax Questions? AMA
Say amything relating to jojo in any way not jojo siwa
I physically can’t swallow down any type of fruit, as it causes me to throw up or feel sick immediately. AMA
Tell us the worst case of your life
Im malaysian ama
Say anything and ill make a bad pun or joke out of it
I'm a psychopath, ask questions
I just bought two packs of toilet paper, AMA
Covid-19 Patient Zero - Hope your well. Not waiting to pandemic-shame you, but Im sure a few people around the world have some questions.
Illinoisan working the graveyard shift at a gas station after mandatory curfew goes into effect tonight. Ask me anything.
I live in the US. I am paying more this year for health insurance than I paid last year for unassisted out of pocket cash payments for cancer treatment.
I live in the US and pay more money this year to have insurance than I did last year when I was uninsured without any assistance for cancer treatment. Ask me why
Im, sexually attracted to fear (of other people) AMA
American Amazon worker! AMA
I have a gamer dad, ama
I am a 16 year old boy who suffers from psychosis because of anxiety AMA
I´m a psychologist - Specializing on Reaching Your Goals - AMA
My paranoid parents have just kicked me out of the house due to their fears of Corona, ask me anything!
All Religion is a lie AMA if you want the truth
Hi Reddit, I'm a software engineer spending the last 2 years working on an all-new socio-political and economic system underpinned by the blockchain AMA
I am an essential worker (Package Handler of a major shipping company) during the COVID-19 Pandemic, ama
If it's vanilla I'm bored. AMA
I actually like school ama
I as of this moment, have just finished catching every single pokemon. AMA
My name Kim Jong Pune. I wife of The Great Leader
I'm an American Citizen stuck in the Dominican Republic because of the Covid-19 situation.
I'm an American expat in Beijing on government-mandated home quarantine. The neighborhood committee just installed a smart sensor on my front door to make sure I don't open it. AMA.
I’m a Walmart employee ask me anything.
I was born with craniosynostosis, and underwent 2 surgerys. I am also living with a rare condition call Juvenile dermatomyositis. AMA
Nawty AMA on my sc: joshtwinkxxx
Im transgender, AMA!
It's 3.29 AM- AMA
I decided to take a break from my job and self-quarantine myself before Covid-19 became a big deal. AMA even about other topics!
I think I may have spread the Corona virus in my country and I’m terrified
AMA and I will respond in a code
I am a normal 14 year old boy in quarantine like most of you ama
I'm an edgy gay furry who works at a refinery, ama
my name is mark and I am on lock down ama
Im bored cant sleep and am in california ama
I'm an insomniac. AMA
Currently on Coronavirus patient guard at Fort Stewart GA. AMA
Ask me a question then edit the question to make me look bad.
I am an Indian (16F) in self isolation,bored so AMA
I am a 16 year old boy and I have covid-19 virus. AMA
Camp counselor of 8 years - ask me anything!
I am on an ambulance as an EMT on the front lines of the COVID-19 Pandemic in California. AMA!
I am Bipolar, ADHD, and have Social Anxiety Disorder all at the same time. AMA.
Ive died and saw somethung that changed my life
I'm a teenage crossdresser AMA
I can see time. AMA
I'll change your mind. AMA.
I am a 21 year old man who just realized his parents were abusive. I wasn’t really allowed to have friends so i didn’t know this behavior wasn’t normal. AMA
My birthday is today but Corona virus has closed almost all the businesses in my town and almost completely ruined my special day. AMA
Im dead AMA
I'm a lazy slob who quit cleaning his bathroom about 2.5 years ago, see link for pics...AMA
I'm a lazy slob who quit cleaning his bathroom about 2.5 years ago, see link for pics...AMA
I’m joining the United States Marine Corps, AMA
I'm a lazy slob who quit cleaning his bathroom about 2.5 years ago, see pics in comments...AMA
I'm a floor manager in an Indian tech support scam call center. Ask me Anything... My life is a mess
a tann kirxdfg cd pnn jvircadfr af p qdgi
A guy who works at Trader Joe’s in Seattle, WA. The center of the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. AMA!
I watch around one hour of porn everyday AMA
ea, a opgi cear pqqdvfc rd cepc xidxni qpf epsi uvf pfg ckw cd mvirr tepc a po rpwafm.
My boyfriend turned out to be Aromantic AMA
I'm having an existential crisis ama
I'm a psychopath ama
Im geting a new Account because im banners at 90% of subreddits so give me suggestions on what k should post and where ama?
It's 11:25 at night and my dog just got skunked AMA
I panic bought all of the Viva paper towels - singles and value packs at Fred Meyer AMA
I believe journalists are the cause for wars, pigeons, terrorism and violent behaviour. AMA
I made out with my mailman.
I have my own idea but, What is the meaning of life?
I’m a cashier at a grocery store. Ask Me Anything!
I live around 15 miles from where the US covid-19 outbreak started. AMA!
It’s my crack day and I didn’t realize AMA
I am a National park employee in Yosemite, currently here waiting out the quarantine AMA
Reddit AMA, as far as I’m aware I’m in one of the last countries to get the COVID-19 Virus
I just spent 15 hours playing minecraft, AMA!
i’m drunk rn. ama
I will try to make any word a JoJo Reference Ask or Tell me Anything
I saw very weird/ creepy stuff in my sleep AMA
I have Podophobia, or the fear of feet. AMA!
I've never seen Avatar AMA...
Waddup I’m an Indian teenager living in a joint family in an 7 BHK flat and 3 of my family members are politicians. AMA !
I just got a vasectomy 9 hours ago, AMA
AMA I'll respond exactly as a liberal
AMA and i will as politically correct as possible.
I am the Coronavirus, Ask me anything
I’ve been eating spaghetti for 3 days straight AMA.
I'm a support worker for people with severe mental health and we are struggling to feed them and ourselves as people are panic buying . AMA
My ex and I decided to get a divorce right before the pandemic and are now quarantined together. AMA.
I’m a bored teenager,ask me anything
I'm a Brazilian 18M with nothing better to do, ask me anything
Japanese-American teen who returned to Japan, AMA :)
I am currently a senior at a public high school in America AMA
I'm Chinese. AMA.
I’ve had chronic nightmares almost every night of my life and have all sorts of tricks for handling the school after waking up. AMA
I’m a Jewish atheist liberal married to a staunchly Christian conservative. AMA.
I work in a grocery store during the COVID19 outbreak.
I’m allergic to the sun. Ask me anything.
I'm a Doordash Delivery Driver who's working full time in and around Chicago during the COVID-19 event and lockdown! AMA!
My school closed for a month, AMA!
I’m about to Cum! AMA!
I just went to the bathroom AMA
I’m a homophobic midget
My stepmom hates me AMA
I work in Psychiatric Intensive Care ward and have mental illness AMA
I am a nurse in Southern California and I have honestly worked 60 some hours these past 7 days since the spike that has occurred with COVID-19 AMA
Im watching MTV Classic, AMA
I was in a serious car crash, AMA
I still support onision, ama
Does anyone work from home, I need help.😬
Quarantine sucks😠AMA
I was suspended for something I didn’t do. AMA
I am a customer-facing JPMorgan Chase relationship banker, in the United States, during the coronavirus outbreak. AMA
I was raised by an anti-vaxxer/conspiracy theorist. AMA
AMA and I'll ask it to my friend without context
(Request)A Former Rockstar Employee
I have a very severe peanut allergy (anaphylaxis) but I have never had more than a few hives. AMA
I am literally a random redditor who lives in brazil and wants to be asked questions. AAMA!
AMA but edit your question so I look like a moron
podcast
I've spent the last 10 years with several undiagnosed mental disorders and I've somehow managed to survive until the age of 25. It has affected my education, friendships, and overall life, and I have no idea what to do with myself. AMA
I am Syrian AMA!
Swiss Citizen's take on the handling of the Covid19 in one of the best healthcare systems in the first world, with the help of 8'000 of our military personal.
My parents are parents AMA
My parents are anti-vaccine AMA
Growing up, I had a hunch that one of my parents had given up a child for adoption. In 2009, I found out that I was right. AMA.
I had a silverfish in my ear for 24 hours AMA
I work in a gated community / private village. Ask me anything!
I'm a meningitis survivor. Ama
New Yorker- My city is on complete lockdown starting Sunday :) AMA
I‘m bored, wad up, haven‘t left home for 6 days, ama
I have 24 hours left to live, ama
No one is talking to me and I’m bored AMA
Was arrested once in my life and when I was I was completely handcuffed and shackled. AMA
I went to high school with and had a couple classes with Adam Driver aka Kylo Ren from Star Wars. Ama as long I still have interest and am not completely wasted due to the Corona Virus. By wasted, I mean drunk 🥴
I’m an extrovert living like an introvert, possibly with depression, in Wawona, Yosemite National Park. Ask me anything!
Ask me random questions that don't have to do with the coronavirus.
I proposed to my girlfriend yesterday amidst the Covid-19 pandemic, AMA
I have high level ADHD and am extremely successful in school AMA
[REQUEST] Someone in the US who has recovered from a serious case of COVID-19 and can talk about the experience in detail
I didn't get in
Quarantined in Italy and had my first date with a pretty girl on FaceTime, AMA!
Give me any sentence and I’ll make it exaggerated/clickbait-y AMA
I think the great TP Shortage will cause Americans to buy bidets AMA.
I'm a Star Wars fan AMA
I’m a woman suffering from depression and currently in self isolation because of Covid-19. AMA
My Favourite Sport Is One Of The Only Profession Competitions In The World That’s Still Running Right Now...AMA
I work delivery. I am exponentially getting angrier at all the beggars who harass me while I just try to do my job. AMA
I need advice plz help AMA
I will be offended by anything you say AMA
I'm a Travel Agent - Although I can't answer all your questions (#legal) I can try! AMA
I’m a Walmart Employee that is working during COVID-19, AMA!
IAMA ex-gangmember that just came out jail AMA
My county just had its first Covid-19 case, AMA
I’m from Tennessee, AMA
i have multiple persoanlities (part i forget what), AMA
18f with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Panic Disorder, Depression and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder- AMA
HELP! I got stuck in Quarantine and I'm bored
Psychologistv is trying to figure out if I have 3 personalities or if I'm just crazy. AMA
Professional online poker player from Australia - COVID-19 has seen the industry have a mini boom. AMA
I only bought three rolls of toilet paper for the next two months, AMA!
Two weeks on testosterone, AMA!
I work in manufacturing pharmaceuticals and antivirals, AMA
I am an African Gray parrot with an estimated vocabulary near 1000, AMA!
Bored F22 from France. Will answer to every question. AMA
Bored F22 from France. Will answer anything. AMA
I(13M) like hugging my pillow. AMA
Today I had confidence for the second time ever, AMA
I am LGBTQ+ and I am not a Leftist AMA
I have AD HD AMA
I am a human. AMA
I'm an auto mechanic - AMA!
I just cancelled my trip to the UK that I’ve been planning for over a year. AMA
HOSPITAL AMA
Today I had confidence for the second time ever, AMA
My dad served in the French Foreign Legion Ask him anything
I used to be an incel until I slept with a prostitute, AMA
In rage over my sister's stupidity, i knocked myself out accisentally by slamming my door AMA
My store now limited 1 of each item per membership (admitedly bulk) ama
I am 19F, lived in 5 countries, been to 60. AMA!
I’m trying to get better at digital art - AMA to draw
I live in Netherlands, in the province with the most people infected with COVID-19. AMA!
I am depressed and keep myself in check with poetry... AMA
I have epilepsy. AMA
I am a pathological liar, AMA
i am a faomus redditur who has gottn 200000 karma!!! ama!!
I'm a so called "Panic Buyer", and I don't care about anyone else, AMA.
I am a self quarantined male to female crossdresser who got back last week from a trip overseas. All alone and bored at home. AMA.
My dad served in the French Foreign Legion Ask him anything
I spent $115usd on videogames today AMA
AMA I’m a diagnosed psychopath.
I had to go to the hospital for my dislocated elbow, while being next to covid-19 patients AMA
Ask me anything, then edit your reply to make me look as bad as possible
saw someone else do this but I have OCD (and other anxiety disorders), diagnosed at a young age AMA
I live in Vegas (with most of the state shut down) and it’s my 25th birthday today AMA
I'm just a regular Christian guy (28m), AMA :)
I'm a Chief in the US Navy. AMA
I have ADHD and Autisme... Ask me anything
I dated an incel, AMA
Me (25/F) and my little brother (11/m) are stuck in my apartment on corona lockdown. AMA!
I wish I was in a coma, AMA
Prison Staff AMA
High school principal that has had 5 kids commit suicide AMA
I am a delivery driver during the coronavirus who cannot quit or won’t receive unemployment AMA
I have a 65 year old Sugar Daddy. AMA
one of my posts reached the top 25 of r/popular, AMA
Where I live, the coronavirus ratio is literally 50 times worse than the ratio for the world. AMA.
22F, I have travelled to over 50 countries AMA
I'm from Russia. Ask questions.
I have autisme AMA
I am an ordinary person. AMA
Hello, I am from Russia AMA
The Coronavirus is now in my state, AMA.
The state I live in will go into full lockdown starting tonight. As I am suffering from depression and panik attacks in my day to day life I am scared of what this will do to my mental health. AMA
You guessed it, I’m quarantined and very bored. Please ask me anything under the sun
I have autism, AMA
My final exams have been cancelled and I have no purpose for the next seven months- AMA
I'm a furry, ama
I exhibit most COVID-19 symptoms but the NHS refuse to test me. Instead they advise that I quarantine myself at home. AMA.
I potentially stopped a school shooting
I am a racist AMA
My zodiac sign is Scorpio, AMA
I wont get offended by anything, AMA
Playing assassins creed IV and self quarantining AMA!
Hospital life during COVID-19 AMA
theres one thing i will totally deny knowing anything about, AMA
AMA with Laura Conover, Democratic candidate for Pima County Attorney, Friday at 6:00PM
Finish the lyrics AMA
I’m an immunodeficient college student. AMA
I recently got 600 karma. AMA
I’m in day 10 of quaranteen after testing positive for COVID-19. Ask me anything.
Weird paranormal experience? Someone please help me explain what could have happened.
I have multiple personalities. AMA
V I B E ama
Bravo six going dark ama
I'm largely unaffected by the coronavirus because of my job AMA
I opened a porn website when I was 15 (legally). AMA
Area 51
I'm Joshua Collins. I'm a 26 y/o Socialist truck driver running for Congress. My opponent dropped out &amp; i’m running in an open seat. AMA!
I'm Jamaal Bowman, a middle school principal running for congress against a 30-year incumbent (at the epicenter of the NY corona outbreak). AMA.
Acid Guru
K
I’m an 19F with ADHD and Depression. AMA
I have OCD AMA
AMA i will turn what ever you say into something sexual. AMA
I opened a porn website when I was 15. Made good money. AMA
I have been working from home for over a year before the outbreak. AMA
Today I Moved From a 14 Room House to a 7 Room Cottage AMA
Actual Human Being, AMA
I broke my head open 4 times before I was 5. Ama
My city is under complete lockdown because of the coronavirus. AMA
My dad tested positive for COVID-19 and I (23 F) am beginning to show symptoms. Ask me anything I guess!
I worked at an upscale dog boarding/daycare facility for 4 years AMA
Im a metalhead
I AM IN A PUB IN SCOTLAND THAT JUST GOT QUARENTINED AMA!
Hello reddit, I'm Jesus, ama 😁😁
I have my legs up on the wall and screaming for no reason cause I’m very bored. AMA
I was scammed by the same guy multiple times AMA
I’m a high school senior (18f) who’s graduation is currently cancelled and is now devastated. ama
Im your DHL Guy. Ask me anything :)
I have the coronavirus. AMA.
Did road construction for 4 summers while in school. AMA
My mom is a cafeteria manager and has worked for elementary and middle schools. AMA
How to sanitize/ disinfect a multi story house?
I'm bored so let's talk about my disorders (ASD ADHD and Anxiety) AMA
16 years old and house hopping, everyone i know is going into self isolation. i’m really scared and i’m hungry as hell and literally any money would help
ama
I have tested positive for COVID-19 I also have asthma which makes this 10× worse. AMA
AMA: Our team created COVID-19 in China
AMA: I created COVID-19 ask me anything
I i just made my own subreddit ama
My username is 100% truthful. I would absolutely surprise people in my life if they knew the things I’m really into behind closed doors. Mom/Wife/Teacher Please AMA 👌
Pharmacy Technician AMA
I’m cartman from south park AMA
I'm a live-in caregiver- ama!
I work fast food. Three of my coworkers have been put into quarantine and we still can't close. AMA
I'm an American "Stuck" in Morocco for the COVID-19 Scare. I say "stuck" because I came on a one way anyways with no real plans to go anywhere else. I've been travelling for 6 months. AMA
Dr has told me they are sure I have Corona Virus but won’t test me as my symptoms are improving. Ama.
I’m an ER doc in a major hospital. AMA
My dog has sex with my moms arm when we watch TV, ask me anything...
About to graduate with a graduate degree in Epidemiology - AMA
My best friend is my puppy AMA
Ive experienced Aliens, UFOs, Entities, and supernatural occurrences AMA
18F, pulling an all-nighter to study for my college entrance exam that's due May, about to make some mac n cheese, AMA
I’m a cop ama
I am the oldest of 5 kids. My mom is anti-vax, a flat earther, and a religious extremist. I am homeschooled as well.
I'm in the hospital displaying symptoms of the Coronavirus AMA
I was handcuffed and shackled when I was arrested. ama
I’m a student worship pastor AMA
I am a an arab ama
I'm a live-in caregiver – ask me anything!
I seen at the minimum of 40 military trucks this morning at about 3AM driving down the freeway in michigan. AMA (no proof because it was 3 am)
I’m an elementary teacher bored out of her mind. Currently social distancing by staying home. Please AMA and keep me occupied!
I am a diagnostics expert and computer/network architect, and I'm here to discuss COVID-19 diagnostics. My name is Devabhaktuni "Sri" Srikrishna and I am the co-founder of Tropos Network, Patient Knowhow, and Technology for Global Security. Ask me anything!
I am a pedophile, controversial ama
I'm a British Secondary School teacher who has come down with Coronavirus symptoms on the last day of term. I'm now self-isolating. AMA.
Owner of three snakes. AMA
I watched and obscure, rare OVA from 1985 called SF Lolita Fantasy Ome-1. AMA.
i have GAD, ASD, and PTSD so..AMA!!
To all adults I am a student taking online classes AMA
We're The Garden and our new album 'Kiss My Super Bowl Ring' is out now. AMA!
Over 1 Millions Euros Lost Bc corona virus
I am drunk, most likely about to be stuck at home for a while because of the current situation, and I am pretty sure I have that thing that is being talked about in the news..... AMA.
I have 5 siblings with my mom expecting another in May, ask me anything!
I have short term memory loss AMA
I still wet the bed AMA
I'm 1 out of 3 triplets. AMA
I walked in on my brother having a wank
I’m 17, sitting in an airport waiting for my flight to a state half way across the country for coronacation, and my dad has no idea AMA
I spent 9 months without electricity AMA
I Work At A Fulfillment Center That Ships Beauty Products For A Popular Department Store. We're Still Operating Full Speed. AMA
I’m a very tall guy (7’1ft) Ask me anything!
I am a 17 year old male in Australia (where there are no mandatory lockdowns due to corona virus) and my parents are not allowing me to leave my house for any reason not even school for the next 2-3 months. AMA.
I am a 16 yr old "sociopath" (ASPD/conduct disorder). AMA.
Just...AMA
i sell nudes for a living AMA
I used to use between 10 different drugs, I quit all of them and now completely clean, ama!
I will get offended by anything you say, AMA.
I will find any insult a compliment and tell you why it is nice AMA
I am a panic buyer, AMA
Im under 99 years old so i can use lego AMA
I got banned from the r/teenagers ama
My sister is 17 and is having a baby. AMA.
Ama and I’ll find a way to make it about myself
I got married for a green card AMA.
People with Agoraphobia/ Anxiety, how are you doing in this quarantine?
I am a store manager for a grocery/convenience store. AMA!
Dealing with my arrogant college frat mate
My name's Hayden Christensen and I am an actor. AMA :)
I illegally spent 12 hours in the Parisian catacombes
M22 I'm just really bored, I'll answer with totally honesty
Got off Xanax cold turkey way. Ask me anything!
I had affairs with my brother's wife AMA.
I (22F) work in a city centre pub in England that can't shut until the government say so! So I've been working through all this mess AMA
I am a white guy with one nipple AMA
I will try to connect everything to "Dogs" AMA.
Its safe to assume Russia created the virus AMA
I have 0.050 mbp/s connection AMa
I am bored AMA ....
I dont have the coronavirus, AMA
I have been diagnosed with Turner Syndrome, with ADHD for 10 years AMA
I'm the only meatball man. AMA
I uhhh.... I got nothing to say. AMA
I'm about to get tested for the corona virus AMA
Bipolar and hypo-manic
I have been given 24 hours to live due to coronavirus. AMA.
Eve eats the forbidden fruit, Chinese man eats a bat.
It's my cake day and I have 10 karma. AMA.
I am making decals. AMA
It’s 5am. Been awake for two hours with crazy nerve pain from Fibromyalgia. AMA
As the new virus got people buying more stuff than they need, let's lighten the mood with an AMA
I am drinking coffee. AMA
Pulmonary &amp; Critical Care fellow in the ICU during this outbreak ~ AMA
I am a debt collector for a major credit card company AMA
Ask me, a friendly trans-woman, anything you'd like.
I was a contestant on The Chase Australia. AMA!
I'm on the Spectrum AMA
Psychologist - Changing Your Behavior
I’m a black midget AMA
My dad would severely beat my mom in front of me as a child. AMA
I have no friends. AMA
I'm 14 and speak 3 languages, AMA
I (24F) just had my first BDSM, D/s encounter. AMA.
I’m very picky at eating. Ama
I have no original reason for this AMA other than it’s my cake day. AMA
I'm bored and want to answer questions when I wake up so ask away.
I'm a live-in caregiver - AMA!
Voted DEM all my life and I will vote Trump in 2020 AMA
I went to a massage parlor AMA
It is my 18th birth day and no one said happy birthday besides ny parents. AMA
I know it’s been done a 100 times already - but I’m on Home Isolation at the directions of the NHS. I have all the main COVID19 symptoms. Key worker living in SouTh East, UK. AMA!
I will tell you how your favorite fandom sucks AMA
what need to bring for your girlfriend if you want to marry her ?
I had my first kiss with my brother.
I am 13, any adults want to tell/warn/guide me some Facts about life? AMA
I’m an alter in a DID (multiple personality syndrome) AMA
Got let go from a job before I could have my first day there, AMA!!!
I'm from Italy and my mother was tested positive for Coronavirus AMA
Its the 3rd day of quarantine in Malaysia, Im a delivery truck driver that deliver cooking gas to homes and businesses, cooking gas is an essential item so it's one of the few businesses still operating . AMA
I just entered China and am quarantined in a hotel for 14 days. AMA
I am a victim of child molestation ama
I am a victim of child melstoantion ama
I was a former money launderer for Mexicans
Imagine you could do any realistic thing you wished for. What would be that one thing you would say: "fuck the virus, I'll do it anyway"?
I was a former virgin meme who transformed myself into a Chad over a couple years. AMA!
I impregnated a salmon. AMA
I'm an 18yr old Australian working at a well-known supermarket. Ask me anything!
Two weeks on testosterone, AMA!
I am a person who sleeps with only a sheet and nothing else year round
I'm A Student In California On Lockdown | AMA
I'm a guy who's engaged, but isn't sure about how choice anymore, and is crushing on someone from work. AMA.
I've moved dozens of times in my life(23y/o), I'm nonbinary, and I can't sleep right now because of anxiety. ama
I study plane crashes and how they play out, AMA
I’ve always wanted to do an AMA, AMA!
I stay up till 2 AM playing video games and get 3 hours of sleep. AMA
I escaped Bundy. AMA
I’m A Californian Being Placed On A Stay At Home Law Tonight AMA
Medical professionals.... how bad is it?
18F. I just donated blood for the third time (since my 18th birthday), AMA.
I am a groom whose wedding (3.21) got postponed indefinitely due to Covid-19, ask us (future wife and I) anything!
I am a professional artist in high school AMA
I have Antisocial Personality Disorder and only my doctor knows. AMA.
I attempted suicide and was locked up for two weeks in a closed ward. AMA
Im bored and its 1:54 am. AMA
I was a straight male that worked at Victoria’s Secret. AMA
im an “alternate personality” in a DID system of 53+ alters, AMA
Ask me anything it doesn't matter who I am
I’m a heroin addict, AMA
I am a Mexican Teenager living in the United States. AMA
I'm killing myself because of coronavirus ama
I ate a pizza that tasted like pussy AMA
I am in a successful (year and counting) Highschool relationship AMA
Retired at 18 y/o AMA
Losing a parent in a month AMA?
I'm a 14 yr old transgender male who has the mindset of an adult. AMA
I'm depressed and have no friends, ask me anything...
I’m basically the only person in the entire quebec airport rn, AMA
Young adult who lives in San Francisco for 24 years now AMA.
My mom's suffering from a mental illness, ask me anything
I'm a Paramedic on a 911 ambulance during this COVID-19 Pandemic. AMA!
I woke up one day and had vocal tics. AMA.
I have CoronaVirus. I also had the swine flu. AMA
I’ve been taking ecstasy these past 3 nights AMA
I'm 14F, and this is deep. AMA. No NSFW please &amp; ty.
I work at a grocery store rn. AMA
I have JME (juvenile myoclonic epilepsy) AMA
I have to pee right now. AMA
I speak Spanish ama
I am bi but antilgbtq and anti pride (any childish comments will be ignored)
i am a 19y/o virgin,i am a heterosexual male , i will try my best to answer any &amp; all the stupid questions i read...go crazy
I'm Robert Downey Jr, AMA
Im at home right now and got the news that both me and my mother tested positive for COVID-19
Have gone to bed sober 4 times since February AMA
Would love for someone who is in charge of ordering and keeping their hospital/medical facility appropriately stocked in PPE to do an AMA. (America)
I am a male crossdresser who usually entertains guys but hasn't been out all week. AMA.
I’m about to play doom eternal ama
I’m male to female transgender AMA
I'm a male Asexual. AMA.
Me [25/F] and my little brother [11/m] are on lockdown at my apartment in California as we wait out corona. AMA!
I am a Medical Assistant, exposing myself to god knows what for 8+ hours a day. AMA
I'm an ex-gangmember that is currently in hiding, AMA
I feel like on all friendships im the punch line to a joke I'm not in on. Ama.
I’m laying in bed at (almost) 12 in the morning with a cat sleeping on my legs. ama
I haven't been out of the house (or had a breath of fresh air) in 8 days because of coronavirus. AMA.
M19, and I have a fart fetish, AMA!
Toothpick trauma
My ex best friend(I trusted her with everything)turned into a true junkie. AMA.
My life sucks ama
Dual citizen, asexual lesbian, IT engineer, anti-pedophile internet forum moderator. AmA!
I still haven’t gotten over my emo phase. AMA!
I am a teenager who tested positive for Covid-19. AMA
I Make Comics As A Hobby (AMA)
AMA and my dog will answer
I know how to jerk off laying down on a bed
I have covid-19 AMA
I've been in love with a girl for 8 years lost her 5 years ago AMA
Talked on a suicide hotline the whole night, AMA
I'm a sociopath that wants to make the world a better place
I am “The Antichrist”. AMA
My father is a respiratory specialist working amidst the COVID-19 outbreak, AMA
I'm a grocery store clerk in the US in the middle of the COVID-19 Pandemic. AMA
Bringing a baby into a pandemic
I've been sexually active with my Great Grandmother for over 5 years. AMA
I’m a diagnosed psychopath (Antisocial Personality Disorder) - Ask me anything.
I am a student at Eton College, the most famous school in the world, AMA!
19M with a foot fetish, AMA!
My mom might be cheating on my stepdad. AMA
I lived in a trap house for months AMA
I am a Crisis Intervention Specialist in Colorado, have intervened on hundreds of potential suicides. AMA.
I just flew from New York to Jamaica and back for spring break, AMA
I'm possibly the youngest white supremacist to possibly leave and shed my racism. AMA
I have an huge addition for video games
I have a good life. Work, save, and have a supportive family but what is a "good life in other contries?"
I meet the Mexican ex-president, Peña Nieto. Ask Me Anything
I am one of the people academically affected by COVID-19 in the UK AMA
There really isn’t anything special about me, AMA
I am a diagnosed short sleeper. AMA
I'm killing myself on saturday, ama
I’m a person AMA
My mom has borderline personality disorder, bipolar disorder, and is a severe hypochondriac. AMA
I live in Redzone italy AMA
I’m an 18 year old female who has been in both public psychiatric wards and a private psychiatric hospital. There is a huge difference between the two and I can answer just about everything you’ve wanted to know about daily life in institutions. AMA
There really isn’t anything special about me, AMA
the girl i'm currently seeing has K cup titties, AMA
I’ve had at least 200 sexual encounters with my twin brother. AMA
Today a man told me white men are victims of oppression AMA
AMA but after I answer edit your response to make me look like a psychopath.
I'm just a regular human, nothing special, ama
It’s my cake day, AMA
I'm stoned. Ama
I'm in the Atlanta area working during the COVID19 outbreak, AMA
I work in a hospital that is testing for COVID-19, AMA.
Am dead. AMA
[Request] People who have emergency bunkers and are actually staying in them now...
I’ve been a Hairdresser for 20+ years. AMA
I have coronavirus AMA
AMA Request: Person who hoards toilet paper or hand sanitizer
My boyfriend just told me he wanted to break up, and I haven't been this happy in a year. Ama
I work as a Videogame Tester AMA
I have been living in West Virginia (Cabell County) since 2013. AMA!
AMA Before I go to sleep
where the fuck is my mouse AMA
Because quarantine and not much to do, the fam and I had a bonfire in the back yard this evening. We burned a ton of board games I had since the 80s, trivial pursuit amongst them. Amaaaa
I missed my cakeday, AMA! :(
I owned a channel with over 1 million subscribers then i got terminated
I am a youtuber who has 1.6 Million subscribers! AMA
I am a former brothel receptionist, AMA
I’ve never bought anything from amazon. AMA.
I may be a bit addicted to this subreddit, AMA.
I am harambes son AMA
I am a college graduate who served 12 years in prison 6 months after graduation. AMA.
I have single handedly accidentally started 2 cults and 2 trends at my school.Ask me anything.
I am a normal teen in a below average neighborhood.Ask me anything
​
[USA] 34 yo father of (3) boys [4, 6, 7], working from home, sharing small office with wife, in-laws in quarantin in attached in-law suite. AMA
My birthday is next week and by then I'd be a 21 year olds virgin, AMA
I have a schizoaffective disorder, AMA
My gf wants to be obese
I will try to respond to every question without using the first letter in the English lexicon? QMS
I've been listening to the same song for the past 6 hours. AMA
I will be home all day tomorrow because of corona ama
I am the highest I’ve ever been in my life. Please ask me anything.
I live in one of the largest Covid-19 hotspots in the state of Virginia, AMA.
I am not completely depressed all the time, AMA
I quit my full-time job with benefits two weeks before Covid-19 exploded around the world. All my freelance gigs I lined up are now cancelled. AMA!
I still got toilet paper, ask me anything
My country is on quarantine lockdown from covid-19 *spain* AMA.
I'm an army ceremonial guard - ask me anything!
We’re a mixed race teen couple. AMA
I accidentally just chopped off the tip of my finger with a razor somehow AMA
I am an 18 year old guy from central India. Today I was diagnosed with schizophrenia. AMA about anything.
My grandmas a flight attendant AMA (AHA)
I’m a pizza delivery driver in the southeast United States. The virus is becoming a really big concern in my city as we are running extremely low on test kits and estimates put our actual infections at close to 5x the current confirmed cases. Business is very slow so I have time to answer questions!
I’m a real life Anarchist AMA
I'm a closeted 13 year old gay guy due to my imgernts parents. AMA
I have CPTSD, ama
I’m a 21M who’s attracted to an Instagram child. AMA
I’m a multi-instrumentalist and I am pretty good at playing three instruments AMA
Im in love with my best friend. AMA
I'm a citizen from Malaysia currently in Lockdown and some of my family are tested positive with Covid 19 . AMA
I am a housekeeper in a sorority house AMA
Radio TTS (an askreddit channel) uploaded my question on their channel and changed my name to their account name. AMA
I am considered to be high risk for Covid-19...and I am NOT self-quarantining. AMA.
I’m 29 years old and living with both of my divorced parents. AMA
I am a medical student from a medical college in Wuhan, and i’m trying to make a multi-language brochure with questions and answers about Covid-19 with my teachers. AMA!
Please distract me.
Both my parents are "hard of hearing"(basically they're deaf), my life was very different growing up being a fully hearing child with deaf parents. AMA
I'm a shelf stocker at a grocery store, ama
I won’t be sitting my GCSEs! AMA
Born without a left-hand AMA.
I am waiting for the Anthony Daniels AMA, AMA.
I have quadruple citizenship. AMA
I (21M) died for 2 minutes &amp; 18 seconds a few years ago. AMA
I am a child of two deaf parents AMA
I have been browsing reddit for a year but only just made an account. AMA
IAMA Agoraphobic, and have been for 7 years. Ask me anything about long term isolation.
I will counter any opinion you give here (try me &gt;:) AMA
Ask me anything
I feel like I will never be fully happy again AMA
I'm a cis woman with almost zero body hair, AMA
I’m one of the few people who knows about internet trends in my school, nobody else understands what I’m saying, AMA
Just a normal guy on reddit AMA
I attempted suicide yesterday. Ama
I’m an aspiring author whose finally coming back from Hiatus to finish my first Novel, AMA
I have dated famous females. AMA
Property manager for large condo association is panhandle Florida (Santa Rosa Beach / 30a) AMA
I have DID and co-morbid disorders. AMA
It's my 17th birthday. AMA
I can’t control my own imagination, AMA
I survived covid 19 AMA
i just found out im going to be a father with my girlfriend of 5 years AMA
I’m cheating on my wife with her 19 year old sister, AMA.
I find gaining weight erotic!
(Posting this for my dad, I’ll type his responses) A guy attacked him with a knife and demanded his wallet, ask him anything!
I’m fluent in four languages, AMA
I do Hypnosis online! AMA!
I have been Diagnosed with Capgras Disorder. AMA
I was abused by my biological father from 7 years old to 14, then put into the foster care system until 18 in the USA AMA
I have covid-19 AMA
Just tested positive for Covid-19
I‘ve caused a traffic accident yesterday, AMA.
My dad claims he knew Brandon Flowers from the Killers shortly before he got famous. AMA.
IM SPANISH ON QUARENTINE AMA
I'm an American stuck in Ukraine due to Covid-19 with an ever tightening wave of border closures keeping me here. Ama
My name is Girth brooks ama
I'm currently in self isolation/social distancing in central London. AMA
I'm the 'Quiet Kid', AMA
I am a mental health professional, at home practicing social distancing in the US. I'm concerned about the immediate and longterm consequences that this pandemic will have on our collective and individual mental health. Want to answer your crisis mental health questions, ama.
My schools just been cancelled AMA!
I have ocd. AMA
My Town has COVID-19 Ask me anything
My father is one of the most successful entrepreneurs in Brazil, our family is literally one of the richest in the country. AmA
I've been bullied into depression for being different for about 5 years. AMA!
I'm a polygamist, ask me anything!
I've been playing Minecraft and Roblox for six years, AMA
I’m one of the “stupid millennials” vacationing this week. AMA
I am a retail worker, working through the virus in NYS. AMA
I used to have really bad anxiety and depression but couldn't take meds for it. AMA
I’m an 18yrs old female and either schizophrenic or bipolar with psychosis AMA
I have a somewhat fear of balloons, AMA.
I'm getting married in Central London tomorrow, AMA.
I'm a 25 y/o Italian living in quarantine for the third week now. AMA
I am a phlebotomist currently working in my city’s (Omaha ,NE) largest hospital during this pandemic. AMA
I know Obama's last name.AMA
I just turned 18, AMA.
I'm in self isolation for three weeks. AMA
I'm a smol bean, ama
Is it safe to eat food after using hand sanitizer?
My butt cramped really bad last night, AMA
My name is Joshua and I thought we were going to live through the space age and see a man land on Mars for the first time. Not live through the second great depression. AMA
I just found toilet paper at Wal-Mart
I am under quarantine because of covid-19 ama
I'm bored, It's 2am, and I'm from the Philippines. AMA.
I have misophonia and I'm happy about the country lockdown AMA
I'm a high school student in Italy that has been in quarantine for 27 days. AMA
I've Been Professionally Diagnosed With Dissociative Identity Disorder, AMA
I have a rare genetic muscle disease...Specifically Glycogen Storage Disease 5 or Mcardle's Disease AMA
Eastern Europeans of reddit, have you ever lived behind the Iron Curtain? If so, what we're your experiences like?
Ive got my first dildo. AMA
I am an overseas teacher returning home during the outbreak!
I have a cousin who works at a hospital that is in a suburban area where there is a report of COVID-19. AMA
I am currently infected with the corona virus and I am recovering in a hospital, AMA.
I have nothing interesting about me. AMA
I've been homeschooled for a while now. AMA
Started to get a sore throat 20 minutes ago ama
Im a year 11 in the UK, AMA
I have coronavirus
I used to be suicidal and now I love my life AMA
Hi, I Am Kind Stranger. AMA
One week of quarantine and going absolutely insane dealing with my mental health. AMA
I have brittle bone disease, AMA!
I’m currently waiting to get tested for Covid-19, AMA.
I'm the Washington bureau chief for The Intercept, and I've been covering Bernie Sanders for a long time. Wondering what happens next? AMA
I think my boyfriend might be possessed AMA
I'm mostly deaf AMA
I wash my ass instead of rubbing it with toilet paper AMA
My classmate or my neighbor was infected with the cornavirus, AMA.
I just graduated Army OSUT training, but I'm still being held here after graduation due to Covid-19. AMA
I'm aromantic asexual, AMA
I work at target as a cart collector AMA
I Was In and Out of Mental Hospitals Throughout Most of Middle School and Part of High School. AMA
I am a British secondary school student who has had their school shut down due to covid-19 and has a teacher for a mother. AMA
I’m an Estate Planning Lawyer. What will happen if you or a parent gets COVID 19? AMA
My mom and I bought my grandma a Bentley SUV AMA!!
I'm a Full-time NSFW artist; AMA
I’m a stripper AMA
My mom died when i was 6, AMA!
I’m 21 and just watched an anime for the first time, AMA
I'm stuck on video in an online class for the next 3 hours. AMA
I have a close, personal relationship with infamous video game griefers, AMA
I'm a Papermaker, producing toilet paper. so u all have clean asses during quarantine AMA
I've been depressed for 3/4 years, AMA
I am a Russian student studying in the 7th form. AMA
I am the quiet kid. AMA.
I've visited most US states (and Canada) and lived in several of them. AMA!
I’m a grocery store worker in the US during the Covid-19 pandemic
I was born on Leap Day. Ask me anything.
[16M/UK] my school is closing down and our GCSEs (exams/finals) are cancelled. AMA!
I will try to connect everything to "Bread" AMA
I am an EdTech Specialist in a Major US city and responsible for ensuring education continues for our students, AMA!
I put milk before cereal AMA!
I am a multi-trillionaire. AMA
AMA Hacker
I will try to turn anything you comment into some kind of conspiracy theory, AMA,
I am a 13 year old history nerd, AMA.
I am a private investigator currently working through this pandemic AMA!
I’m in ICU quarantine for a pending COVID19 test; 90% of my medical team is using two way live streaming technology to “come in” and check on me, lessening exposure by a huge degree. AMA.
Indian citizen, father was Quarantined in Guwahati, Assam, India for suspected Coronavirus aka Chinese virus.
Both my jobs laid me off yesterday due to covid-19 affecting the area I work in AMA
Shitting rn. AMA
I'm an Indian and I hate T series AMA
I'm 15 and i just started on anti-depressants, AMA!
I help run a natural grocery distribution in SoCal. Through these crazy times were still in the stores everyday stocking shelves the best we can.
I will try to turn your comment into a sad story (try me) AMA
I have wanted to join the army since I was 7, AMA
Furry AMA
I live in London, England and work in retail, past 2 weeks have been hell as we prepare for inevitable lockdown AMA
My schools cancelled until September and I’m extremely bored, AMA!
Overdose victim
I live in a post soviet country. AMA
I'm a public school teacher with homeschool experience.
I lost my best friend because I was tired and now am in a deep depression
I'm essential staff at a large university with Covid-19 AMA
I’m the General Manager of a fast/casual style restaurant that’s open for drive thru/curbside service only. AMA!
I’m black ama
I work at the second-busiest McDonald's in my state. Ask me anything!
I have Borderline Personality Disorder, Bipolar 2, Major Depressive Disorder, Resistant depression, Anxiety and PTSD. Also morbidly obese. AMA
My keyboard keeps writing TO instead of capital K
I’ve been bullied for about 3/4 of my life, AMA
I work for a very large hospital system in safety, security, and emergency response. AMA?
I can solve a rubix cube AMA
I am a midget ama
I work for a "higher class" supermarket in London UK during these crazy times. AMA
I am God. COVID-19 is part of my strategic plan for Earth. Ask Me Anything.
Anxiety of Coronavirus ruined me - Now i'm jobless and alone
Norwegian Citizen, living in a City with strict measures due to COVID-19, AMA.
Just got sent unsolicited penis picks when I'm a male minor and straight. AMA.
Best Method For Weight Loss
Im a transgender male who will answer any questions. AMA
My dad's uncle is positive for Coronavirus, AMA
I (21F) am the last of 10 children on my mother’s side. We are also Rastafarian. AMA.
I just took a poo in a alley because I was so desperate I have really bad diarrhea 24/7 and it's not due to bad eating it's a health condition oh and I was cuaght pooping in the alley by a CCTV camera AMA
I am in the airport of Barcelona amidst the coronavirus spread. AMA.
I accidentally found my mum’s dildo 😳
I accidentally found my mum’s dildo 😳
Ripped my pants and got embarrassed in the park when I was 16. AMA
I'm a Pakistani Who moved to the UAE AMA
I just went to Tesco to say tagliatelle then left for home again. AMA.
I'm 23M, born in Romania and lived there till the age of 6 and then moved to Greece with my family. AMA
I’m a girl suffering from Tourette Syndrome. AMA
I'm Scottish and waiting on the inevitable closing of the store I work at with unpaid leave. AMA
Sat in front of a person positive for COVID on the plane. About to be quaratined in Vietnam. AMA
I am a civilian employee in a military institution. AMA.
Toilet paper
Living in Spain being lockeddown since almost a week. AMA
I was heavily bullied throughout my childhood for many reasons, one of which being slight autism. Ask me anything
I'm at work in a skeleton staffed office while my manager "works from home". AMA
I have got glasses after years of waiting ask me anything?
I’m the class of 2020, AMA
specialist, consultant in Russia / new project #soullesshomeless / NEED FRIENDS AND IDEAS !!
I am a grocery store employee, and work while nearly everyone is in quarantine, AMA
I work for a retail company who is making us work through the pandemic so far. AMA
I launched a video collaboration app 4 weeks before Covid-19 shut us down. What am I learning?
Bored 1st year 21 year old uni student AMA
It’s 3:30 am, I regret my decisions, ama
I have had very bad stomach/teeth problems. I am now okay. AMA
I'm an 18F law student, hailing from a family of really strict and uptight parents. AMA, cuz I'm bored to death from studying schools of jurisprudence all morning
To Anthony Daniels
My A-Level exams have just been cancelled AMA
I smoked a cigarette for the very first time in my life and it felt weird. AMA
I have a very big crush on a girl from school and I am a girl, AMA.
I Work in business banking in Britain, at the moment the demand to speak to anyone is ridiculous. If you have any general questions about what the outbreak means for you ask away.
I am a 13 year old who has faced bullying for 5 and a little bit years. AMA
Im a young motorcyclist AMA
I'm an Italian student and I'm having an online class right now, AMA!
I am living in the cit with quarantine. Ask me anything
We need to build a wall around Asia. We’ve had enough. We can’t be connected to South East Asia any longer.
AMA REQUEST: Confirmed coronavirus patient whos a smoker
I was homeschooled in NYC grades 2nd-12th. AMA
I’m Asian during this pandemic ama
I work at Kylie Cosmetics AMA
I am living in Almaty, Kazakhstan. Ask me anything
Just lost both my jobs within an hour of each other, single mama &amp; now I’m a bit drunk and full time uni AMA
I'M ON MY WAY TO LONDON! AMA
I have symptoms for Covid 19 , and am not being tested. AMA
My family is very rich, AMA
I am a cremation technician and I work In an animal crematorium. AMA
AMA request: Costco manager
I have SSS and sleep for 5 hours per night. AMA
I can run in my dreams. AMA
I'm 18, born and raised in Colorado and am moving to Memphis to live with extended family to afford being alive, AMA
I was in my last year of high school and now am in quarantine for an indefinite amount of time. AMA
18 year old college kid from new jersey, AMA
I am a 14 year old who suffers from preaty bad adhd. AMA
My dad, who maintains a family of 4, is a cab driver mid coronavirus crisis; he's making virtually no money. AMA.
I work at a state park ask away!
Books to prevent depression and bring positivity
Im 16 and have a semi moderate passion for ww2 history ama
What is an interesting topic you have in mind that you might want someone to explain to you?
I have coronavirus and have collected almost all real information from the CDC and WHO on it AMA preferably about coronavirus
I’m a British student currently in year 11. My end of year exams have just been cancelled AMA!
it’s 12 am and i’m bored driving with no destination. AMA
I'm not actually sure how interesting this is since it's pretty normal for me, but today marks Ten years since my mum killed herself while I was on a school trip. AMA if you have anything to ask
I am a digital artist AMA
I am a student mental health nurse in the UK, working on an EMI ward and a general ward preparing and dealing with patients of Corona virus. AMA.
I'm an 18y/o guy quarantined at home. I'm pretty bored and I'm really sick. AMA
I am intersex AMA
My school is not closed yet. AMA
I wake up at 4 am and stare out the window with my coffee waiting for kids to step on my lawn so I can call the cops, AMA.
I work in a US grocery store right now ama
I have no life or life expectations AMA
I'm an anesthesiologist with a great family and great house AMA
I feel like beating my boss upside the head. AMA
I will attempt to be offended by anything you say, AMA.
Probably won't respond til tomorrow cause I'll be sleeping but like, I'm bored and lonely so ask me anything I guess
Been using tinder for years and no date, ama
Im bored ask me anything
I’m 10 years old and diabetic. I’ll answer your questions as best as I can. AMA.
Working night shift (cop) during corona virus AMA
I ran away from home when I was 14 with a 22 year old man. AMA
I was ALLERGIC to Chocolate and Pork and idk how I got cured. AMA
I hear voices in my head, ask me anything.
I live in the Philippines - a 3rd world but highly westernized country. AMA.
I live in Bangladesh AMA
I live in America and went to really strict religious private schools my whole life AMA
Male nurse / paramedic, AMA!
I am OCD AMA
I was discharged prematurely from therapy because of Covid19.AMA
I´ve been rejected by 10 girls and after a week all girls got a BF. AMA!
I want to run away. Ama.
I’m an Orthodox Jew, AMA.
(I couldn't do this on r/askreddit) my country of New Zealand passed a law recently that legalizes abortion what are your views and opinions?
I’m 13 and have dealt with depression for three years while dealing with a mentally abusive father and went through an intensive inpatient program ama
My parents are divorcing, we just lost our house, all my friends and best friend just moved away, and I’m gay AMA
I have a Bidet and am not affected by the Toilet Paper shortage, AMA
I live in California
I'm an American teenage soldier
bf has dumped me 3x in last month, yet I still try to get back together with him
I have depersonalization/derealization personality disorder! AMA!
I tested positive for covid 19. AMA
Quarantined in ICU, Tested negative COVID-19, released AMA
Im tired and bored, AMA
I have coronavirus and am in self quarantine and found good ways to pass the time AMA
I'm the son of a self-made multi-millionaire, AMA.
I'm black, ask me anything.
I (17f) am nothing but sweet and wholesome to the person I am in love with, he only responds with stuff like “fuck you” and “dumbass cunt” :( AMA
Hi, I work for a high tech trading firm while the market is crashing around us AMA
My father’s favorite movie is National Treasure. AMA
I am a female middle school teacher staying home and drinking vodka in excess. AMA.
Gonna take a shyt
I'm bipolar ask me anything
I'm a (consensually!) submissive wife. Ask me anything!
I am an emergency manager assisting in the response to the COVID-19 outbreak. AMA.
Whole country is in quarantine and there's a curfew from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m. . I'm bored, AMA
I was a childhood bully. AMA
UK ONLY! I can give you some advice/information on income if you've been laid-off/ lost your job because of corona.
I will try to keep you entertained by answering your questions AMA
I have Borderline personality disorder, depression and ADHD. AMA
I'm a pizza delivery driver during the Corona virus outbreak. AMA
I spammed masonrayparker “who else is high af” because im sick of that comment arising in instagram posts. AMA
I have more than 50 years experience with taichi both training and teaching. Please AMA about taichi, I will do my best to answer you. Thanks, Dr. Bacher
In the last two days I've been interviewed by The NY Times and CNN and I just finished a podcast interview. All for going on a rafting trip with my friends for 25 days through the Grand Canyon that happened to coincide with growth of the Covid-19 pandemic. Ask me Anything.
i’m sad AMA
I’m a high school student in Kansas in a small town ask me anything. if you don’t know the school in Kansas are shut down for the rest of the year due to covid 19
I'm a smell synesthete, AMA
hey everyone! i’m filming my first youtube video tomorrow and i’m out of work for two weeks because of the virus. help me get started..AMA! 😄
I'm probably going to end up killing myself in the next 90 days, ama
I won Hell’s Kitchen season 2!
I'm one of the people in Florida on the news going to the beach everyday during the Coronavirus. Ask me anything.
I'm 21 and have lived in 3 different countries and been to 9 in total. AMA
The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma. AMA.
I work at a children's attraction during a pandemic...AMA
I recently found out that my boyfriend is a Alcoholic. AMA
I havent masturbated in 24 hours , ask me anything
Two years ago, I planned on committing suicide today. AMA.
I'm a retired career pickpocket &amp; scammer - AMA!
I Have Autisim. AMA
I'm a trans woman dating a cisgender man. Ask me anything.
AMA Request: Toilet paper hoarder, why?
I’m in self isolation in the UK. AMA.
I have no toilet paper and I need to wipe. AMA
Jus came back from the chicken spot
I asked out my crush and she said yes AMA
I am a trained crisis hotline counselor who takes Suicide Prevention, Disaster Distress, and Teenline calls. I provide emotional support in times of crisis. AMA
Ask me a ridiculous question.
I am living with the Coronavirus in Boston, Massachusetts AMA
AMA, I’m bored
What would you ask?
My period smells really bad: AMA
Called out a fake “Glasgow Gangster” on Reddit AMA
My Reddit Karma is FINALLY higher than the Dow Jones Industrial Average. AMA
I’m a crazy person ama
I am a pedophile, controversial ama
I'm a Chinese going to boarding school in the US next year. Currently in an international school.
I'm trying to generate interest in my new sub. AMA or don't but check out r/CokeAndPussy
I’m a 20 year old girl from Canada. AMA!!!
I quit eating candy over a month ago but this quarantine has me wanting to eat a ton of it. Distract me, AMA!
Im average, AMA
I'm miserable. Ama
My county just got a covid-19 warning, AMA!
17 year old, rolling on about 1200mg mdma AMA
I was homeschooled my entire life until I came to college. AMA
17 year Costco employee here, AMA
I just lost my job due to the Coronavirus and I’m getting drunk AMA
I have the common cold AMA
I an currently admitted in the hospital as a cancer patient but am being affected by the COVID19 policies and procedures. AMA
I’m an orthodox Jewish teenager who recently switched from a Jewish private school to public school AMA
I just got done working a 8 hr shift disinfecting gas pumps after every use AMA
I cut myself AMA
Italian here, ama!
I just finished a pen without losing it or someone taking it. AMA
I am a Roller Coaster Inspector that does daily morning inspections for a major Theme Park in Florida, and have to sign off everyday before a single person can ride. AMA
My crush has been my best friend for a year now.
Clingy M with micro penis
Anxiety is back again. Name an activity and I'll tell you how you could be harmed while doing it.
I am very lonely stuck in my house. Ama
Corona virus hasn't shut down my school yet AMA
What not everyone understands about Covid-19 death rate
i shoved corona up my ass
I quit my shitty supermarket job just before this whole virus thing. Ama!
My mother is a Crack whore prostitute, my dad is in prison for robbing a bank, and my little brother committed suicide ama.
I live in Austria, we have been under lockdown since monday, but an hour ago my region was completely quarantined, meaning you can't leave you house, except for grocery shopping. I have been home alone for over a week and haven't seen a real human in that time. AMA
I am sick and tried of being quarantined and want to die. Ama
I enjoy pooping my pants, AMA.
I just accidentally broke the toilet seat at my boyfriend’s parents’ house AMA
Insult me, I will find every way to turn it into a compliment or some good advice AMA
13 with the virus
Trypanophobia
my 5-year old brother just woke me up and threw up in the bathroom, AMA
I am traveling cross country from Los Angeles to Boston with my boyfriend to be with our families during the Coronavirus pandemic ... AMA...
I just got out of hospital quarantine with a $160k bill that my insurance refuses to pay. AMA.
Corona and poverty
I’m tipsy off of a mix of modelos and extra hoppy hipster beers as a way of dealing with corona quarantine. AMA
I'm 16 years old living in the Uk and was supposed to take my final exams this summer which have since been cancelled. AMA.
I live on a ranch in rural North Dakota... AMA!
I work at Hot Topic AMA
Kindergarten Teacher in Florida 😷
I attend the Mississippi University for Women but I’m a dude AMA
We're in isolation AMA
I am an English A-Level student who's exams have been cancelled due to the Corona virus
I realized i have a mental disorder, i don't know what. Help me find it out by AMA!
I have misophonia (hatred of specific sounds, but on a severely-elevated scale.) AMA!
I'm Italian, and I've been staying home for the last days due to the virus. AMA
I am a professional gamer who spends at least 8-12 hours a day on video games AMA
In 2015 Tim Peake has took seeds into space and bought them back to earth. He gave the seeds to 600,000 school children. I was one of them that has seen the seeds and even planted them. Ama
Autistic customer service agent at a department store in the midst of COVID-19. AmA
I experienced my first earthquake earlier today after almost 19 years of never being in one AMA
What’s happening in Alaska with the coronavirus AMA
I've finally realized that I've become one of the "fuck these kids, get off my lawn" people and I'm not sure how to process it. AMA
I`m a citizen of Belgrade, Serbia that is now under the State of Emergency and Curfew due to Coronavirus Pandemic. AMA
I'm a grocery store manager working 6-day weeks because of the Corona scare, AMA.
I'm the Subway overnight lady and my job is in jeprody due to the virus. AMA.
My best girl, a 7yo Golden Retriever, Luna, died last night due to complications from her Chronic Kidney Disease. AMA
I am being self isolated. As long as it's not information too personal, ask me anything.
I am a normal person living a somewhat normal life
I think Chuck Norris would destroy Bruce Lee. AMA
Ask me a wildly personal question
I'm one of the few in my Country who still is allowed to go to work during Corna Crisis. AMA
I'm form Switzerland. We have the 2nd highest number of COVID-19 infection per capita in the world only behind San Marino. Our whole country is on lockdown. AMA!
I study Games and Interaction, my school is closed and I don't have enough karma to post on r/teenagers to find playtesters for my project. AMA
I just broke up
My parents caught me and some of my friends with weed 25minutes ago, AMA
I can give really shitty advice and solve your problems in terrible ways that will probably get you arrested or put on a watch list. AMA
I'm an aerospace defense officer - I just completed our new infectious disease training
I'm white and was adopted into a black family. AMA
I am a Graphic Designer and Social Media Marketing Consultant AMA
I’m mute AMA ( don’t hold back)
PM of Mauritius Island in Indian Ocean announced that 3 persons have been tested positive for coronavirus. One of them was back frim England and roaming around before before quarantined. AMA
I’m convinced the Corona Virus is completely blown out of proportion AMA
Hey, im a 17 year old currently living in the UK and school is closed, possibly staying closed for over 6 months. AMA
I am a Dual UK/US citizenship holder, and have lengthy experience living in both countries. AMA.
I have a fat fetish/am a gainer. AMA
I'm on a medication that makes me a slow, forgetful zombie and I cannot get a med change because my hometown psychiatrist is not responsive due to coronavirus pandemic, AMA.
It’s 5 pm who ordering me pizza
I lost my mobile phone on the train in Japan in 2018. AMA
I from Russia. Ama
I'm a ninja/parkour/freerunning coach AMA
Grocery megastore employee in the United States in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, AMA
I have a record breaking small dick. Ama losers B-)
I gain money from the covid-19 / corona virus pandemic. Ama! :D
I just had my nasal swab test for COVID-19. Now in quarantine. AMA
I'm traveling internationally with multiple layovers during the pandemic, AMA
I’m suicidal. AMA
I am an australian
I used to be addicted to sniffing gas AMA
I have 3 brothers and I'm the only sister, AMA
I’m an EMT first responder in California in an ambulance. AMA
Я живу в России.
I explore abandoned buildings for fun! AMA
I'm under quarantine for COVID-19 in the United States. AMA!
I thought not going to school due to the coronavirus would be fun. The only thing self isolation is helping me is to see that i have no friends.AMA
I have Ordinal Linguistic Personification (OLP). As me anything about it!
I am a stocker in the Pharmacy/HBA area at a Neighborhood Walmart. Front lines to crazy town. AMA
I'M Spanish ask me anything
My mom is an anti-vaxxer, thinks GMO corn is extremely bad for you because it was created with radiation, and thinks bluetooth, microwaves, and charging ports cause cancer. AMA!
I'm a teacher in The Netherlands, the school are on lock down and I now have to teach from home. Ama!
Made front page of Reddit for marrying my childhood sweetheart. Ama
I’m a panromantic asexual they/them user, who is also a teen. AMA
I can (on command) predict the future while dreaming
I am transracial. AMA!
I'm a third-party travel consultant currently getting a break from the covid induced madness. Here to answer your travel questions, AMA
I am allergic to preservatives. So, I need to eat only organic food. AMA.
I’ll get offended at what you ask AMA
I work for H&amp;M who refuse to close their stores during the corona virus outbreak
I have SU (Solar Urticaria). AMA
I'm a teen mom, AMA!
In an unsurprising plot twist, after being deemed "essential" as a tech start up and having to work on site, I was possibly exposed and am now on quarantine, with plans to shut the office down if need be. AMA!
I am a time travler and has seen all of 2020 AMA
Just a kid who's going to miss out on my eighth-grade year and graduation because of the coronavirus. AMA.
Reddit, I discovered Jack Harlow, AMA
I'm a bit of a selfish prick nowadays. AMA.
Alaskan teen who works at Kroger grocery store, AMA
day two, lockdown in san francisco. ask me anything.
Angela Merkel just spoke to all of us Germans directly through the TV. Happend the first time ever, AMA
I saved up all year to find out my spring break got canceled ama.
I work at a grocery store, ama
I work at a secret testing facility that is closed off from the public, with our own police and paramedics that is doing testing on the COVID-19, and I signed a whistle blower policy. AMA
My birthday was just canceled due to the Coronavirus. ama
Im an alien from outer space. AMA.
AMA request: anyone with very strong and somewhat controversial opinions about vaccines
I fainted during church at my school, AMA.
I don't have a sense of humor, AMA
Im eating a pomegranate, AMA
I am in a stable relationship with a horse - AMA
I am a pedophile, controversial ama
I sleep in a coffin - AMA
I am a UK Secondary (11-16) English Teacher, based on the recent COVID-19 updates, I am happy to help with any questions - AMA
I can answer every question with another question. AMA.
When they arrested me, I was handcuffed and shackled. ama
Ask me anything but change your question to make my response extremely offensive
I am listening to Spotify. AMA
My grandfather is a sugar daddy. AMA
I'm an ex gang member joining the police force ama
I am a young adult and still don't know how to tie my shoes ama
I was sent to prison in one of the southern states as an upperclass white male. I made life long friend that changed my outlook on people AMA.
AMA and I will thank you for asking the question.
Opportunities for Veterans!
British Schools close on Friday - English 17 year old here AMA
I am a close relative of Saddam Hussein, I’ve experienced (and lived through) the Iraq war, I had to flee from my country. AMA!
I am a 14 year old trans girl, AMA!
Coronavirus School
Former incel now doing great after I smashed your Mum - AMA
I am a Korean war veteran living, and currently isolating, in San Francisco.s
My mum workins in a hospital, and has possibly contracted the corona virus, we have been put in quarntine, shes started showing symptoms and i just need something to disract me.
My country just declared quarantine... guess who's still going to run and walk around like it were nothing. AMA
I was in Special Education my entire life, Ask Me Anything
I like high heels , Ask me anything
I have crippling anxiety. Ask me anything.
It’s 2 pm
My inside perspective on "quarantine" in México
Grocery Store (Wegmans) Cashier AMA
I am a K-Pop fan. AMA
I am the corona virus AMA
I never left my house in days and never took a shower in days, I’m taking a shower as I type this. AMA
I've spent $6000 on used panties from women online
Was handcuffed and shackled when I was arrested. AMA
I know quite a bit of music theory. AMA
Im filipino we have lockdown goin on for about 4 days now i can provide insight on what its like AMA
21 M
I’m an Orphan AMA
24 male texting 13 girl;is this creepy?
I have Epilepsy AMA
I attempted a paracetamol overdose and went to hospital, AMA
I DON’T have the Coronavirus. AMA
AMA
I just released DUNK LORDS, my basketball beat 'em up, during a March with no madness. AMA
My roommate is a pain in the ass AMA
I’m a 14 year old transgender boy AMA
AMA and then edit your question so my response sounds f*cked up.
I’ve got a cold and now nobody wants to be under the same roof as me AMA.
I just found out I'm a hoarder. AMA
I'm an unemployed highschool graduate with mental illness dating a nuerotypical, academically gifted college student with a job who is studying to become an engineer. AMA
I was Tiktok famous then quit, ask me anything
I am currently in the honeymoon/passionate/chemically driven state of love, AMA!
I sold, throw or gave all of my stuff because I was supposed to move to Canada at the end of the month. My visa ends in 3 weeks if I have not entered the country and because of the Coronavirus my home country won't let me go and Canada won't let me in. AMA
AMA and then edit your question so my response sounds f*ucked up.
I work in digital marketing for UTZ. AMA!
I have corona virus and I haven’t seen my friends in a month AMA
I'm a completely normal person, AMA
I have corona virus AMA
Former incel.now a volcel AMA!
🅱️eter AMA
I order groceries for a high volume store and we are running out of food ! AMA
Got pegged for the first time last night
I am a normal human. AMA
Eating breakfast
Self Isolation AMA
I will answer all your questions with memes AMA
I have R.A.D (Reactive Attachment Disorder) AMA?
Road Trip
I'm an Italian in lockdown since the start of March. AMA
I'm a Coronavirus, AMA
I went from 2 jobs (Barista &amp; Waitress) to 0 thanks to lack of work from the COVID-19 pandemic. Went from working 65 hours a week to 0, USA, PA. Bored out of my mind AMA.
Just created this account, deleting in 1 hour. I’m an a-list celebrity and am choosing to stay anonymous. Ask me anything.
AMA-- I'm a dancer, violinist, shopping addict, MATHCOUNTS competitor, and Science Bowl nerd. Happy to answer any and all questions you have!
everyone says im stuck up bc my family has money but i dont think i am! AMA
I'm Jamaal Bowman, a middle school principal running for congress against a 30-year incumbent (at the epicenter of the NY corona outbreak). AMA.
I am Saint Peter. Dope Fisherman and Greeter at Heaven's Door. First vacation in 1,925 years and my boss has to unleash a plague on you ignoramuses before I'm 30 years in. I am pissed. AMA.
I've been working from home for 7.5 years. I love it and wouldn't go back to the office. Struggling with it? AMA!
I’m a day late but, in honour of St. Patrick’s day, what questions do you have about Ireland? Culture, life etc.
I am a resident in a California shelter-in-place county who still goes to work. AMA
5 weeks holidays AMA
I Have 3 Nipples. AMA
I asked out my crush last night AMA
I was homeschooled in the 90s without internet. For those of adjusting to online schooling and staying indoors, AMA
I have chronophobia (the fear of time) AMA
I work for a supermarket , it’s been a rough few weeks AMA (except if we have any toilet roll)
I have OCD and autism. Ask me Anything!
I’m an independent wrestler from Ohio who can’t work for like a month AMA
I write erotic poetry. ama
Tell me a number, shape, angle or letter and I'll tell you its personality and gender
I am nobody but I need karma to post on r/showerthoughts so ask me anything
I'm in Brazil and Covid just started showing up here, AMA.
I am a 17 year old female with coeliacs disease living in the uk AMA
I don't have an interesting title. Ama
i am a normal human, a human, not an anthropomorphic animal, i am a normal human nerd. AMA
I'm a home carer (England) during this Coronavirus outbreak. AMA
Analysts of reddit, Will jobs get hit due to oil market trend?
Myself and my two year old daughter both have coronavirus, she is an asthmatic and I'm a bit scared. Ask me Anything. Distractions are helpful
Just went through an earthquake and am too stressed to game in the basement AMA
Earthquake just woke me up, AMA
I told my parents I don’t want to be a muslim anymore 4 years ago, AMA
I am Coronavirus Covid, ask me anything. (30-min live)
I was on 5 different drugs in one Day AMA
I just got diagnosed with Autism around an hour ago, AMA.
Currently slacking off on the toilet at work ama!
I am currently going through the screening process of the coronavirus in the United States. AMA
Is there a proud abusive people?
I am a university student who now has all online lectures. AMA
I am an ex-professional rock climber, AMA.
I have tics AMA
Corona
I’m a canadian. Americans, AMA!
I am messed up, ask me anything.
I’m indirectly profiting off coronavirus AMA
I'm a 28m in a big city in the Netherlands, AMA!
My father works at a funeral home. AMA
I'm Jewish. AMA
I was in a rock and roll band in Australia and toured all over the country for the last five-six years, played most of the big festivals and with some of the biggest current and emerging acts. AMA
I just spent 6 months in a low security prison in Australia AMA
I’m a disneyland paris cast member, ask me anything!
i forgot and missed my cake day (16th of march) AMA
I live in India, ask me anything.
My school has been shutdown because of the Coronavirus
I have 9 pet geckos, AMA
i am totally a human and definitely not an anthropomorphic animal AMA
I experienced the feeling of going to sleep and a dream. AMA!
I just got laid off due to coronavirus cuts, please AMA to distract me!
I'm bored in quarantine and fairly sure I have coronavirus AMA
I roleplay female celebrities and characters for men to masturbate and get their sexual fantasies. AMA
I am a shelf filler (16) in the Netherlands. AMA
I live in India where everything is cheap I have two maids who come in for an hour per day and they get paid rougly 10 dollars per month, ask me anything about the price of other stuff.
20 year old recovering alcoholic, AMA!!!
I am a boy experiencing the coronavirus outbreak in Madrid. AMA
AMA request: Someone who has run out of toilet paper and can't get any more!
I am a cisgender woman that people keep mistaking as a trans woman, AMA.
I am new , AMA , Are you really can AMA ? if you let me post this question
I raised my sister since she was a baby
Had runners diarrhea this morning and shit in a bush I get it most mornings AMA
In one year I went from never trying any substance to being a meth addict and alcoholic. AMA
I am a scooter rider, AMA!
I'm a member of a motorcycle club AMA
I am a Hernia patient.AMA
I've been sick for three months and the coronavirus has cancelled my appointment to find out why i can’t move, breath, or think clearly AMA.
I have a reading and writing disability ask me anything
I was together with an abusive, liar psychopath for 7 months. Is there anything you want to know?
I’m a french girl
I spent a full day without eating anything and only drinking water, AMA
I live in london and my school has closed because of the Corona virus!
My mom is an anti vaxx. AMA
I am anti-vax.
i’m high rn AMA
All three of my jobs that I have are placed on hold due to the Corona virus. AMA!
I am on lock down in Mallorca (Spain). Today the army arrived.
20F college student, day 2 of quarantine in SF and looking to be entertained. AMA!
I'm on a paramilitary reserve being activated for Coronavirus, waiting at a military post for specific deployment information. Ask me stuff!
Quarantine can get lonely. Let’s play would you rather!
I'm in a paramilitary reserve, and just have been activated for Coronavirus.
I am a 17 year old boy with ADD and depression, love badminton and sports in general, love video games. AMA
Going to sleep
Brought my mind to a level of understanding beyond reality. Can answer any question that requires truth and creates understanding. AMA
I'm a paramedic/nurse, working on both the ambulance companies &amp; hospitals designated COVID-19 team
I’m a bit of a porn addict, I’m slightly under age (male). AMA
Today is my kake day AMA!
25yo, been cheated on in every relationship ive had, i guess AMA lol
I'm a Introvert, AMA
currently driving to austin texas from maryland to take my friend who’s immuno-compromised home to be with her immediate family, ask me anything!
I experience sleep paralysis a lot. AMA about that.
I am a huge Iron Maiden fan AMA
I'm a shut-in, AMA.
AMIPOTUS - Is it feasible?
I alienate everyone and make them hate me because I'm not worth a shit and everyone around me dies, ama
I'm a restaurant worker in CO. Everything has been shut down due to Coronavirus. AMA
I made a new account and need atleast 50 karma. Help a brother out. AMA
I have an iron deficiency AMA
I love Minecraft and want to talk about related stuff. AMA
It's my Birthday! AMA
I’m funny. AMA
I am in 14 day quarantine in case I have a covid19 AMA
I had Electroshock Therapy and was Involuntarily Detained Due to False Information AMA
I'm a front line security guard for a Canadian hospital during the Covid-19 epidemic. AMA
How to know the diamond is real or not. AMA
I’m a Disney security guard who’s here during Disney’s (Anaheim) first ever full resort shutdown. I just got done exploring the suites at the hotel for the first time and am working more. AMA
18kt Gold Jewelry Process
I have seizures. AMA
Made a new account and need karma. AMA
There is a dancing man in our town. Ama.
I’m a 22 year old White, American, cis-gendered male. AMA
AMA and I'll give you a crazy answer.
Forced to shelter in place near San Francisco. Ama
Hey guys, I’m a irrational hormonal teenager that’s just been put on lockdown for COVID-19 in the UK. AMA
I am the OG "Bubbles" who dominated Quake 2 multiplayer in the 90s. Ask me anything.
I like high heels , ask me anything
I won an art award and now my work is being nationally judged. AMA.
I Was Pressured To Resign From Boeing After Bringing Up Safety Concerns AMA
Just learned my favorite show had a movie made 30 years earlier. Ama.
I'm OCD ama
I am a resident live in Wuhan now is still lockdown AMA
I took an ambien ama
Lost my job due to COVID. Accidentally drunk. AMA.
It is 1:04 am and I’m bored AMA
I’m from the USA and two days ago I flew to Japan and am currently in Kyoto and will soon go to Tokyo. AMA
what do you want to talk about?
I am lead scientist at Wuhan Institute of Technology AMA
(16F) Rest of my high school, sports and most of my work got cancelled because of the Virus. AMA
We are at day 2 of quarantine in Honduras.
I went mute and got a new voice a year later AMA
I am a Canadian conservative. AMA
I'm a Texan teen. AMA
I survived cancer at the age of 8 AMA
I've been in a mental hospital twice in the past ten months. AMA
17 Female, ADHD, love sharks, obsessed with Troye Sivan, former gymnast and national champion. AMA
My best friend is a Trump supporter (and I’m not). AMA!
I like cake. AMA
I'm in South Korea. Today's the 5th day that recovered corona virus cases have outnumbered new ones. AMA!
I´m destined to die alone! AMA!
I am (technically was cause corona virus) a middle school student about to go into highschool AMA
i’m in one of the top orchestras in the nation, according to my teacher, ama.
I can pay commission and u can get free product. AMA
Grocery worker in a large city during the COVID pandemic. Ask me anything
I have neurofibromatosis (NF1) AMA!
I was raised Anti-Vaxx, on Homeopathic Medicine, without Modern Medicine, and Lived to tell the tale AMA
I'm (not proudly) a highly narcissistic individual who is very emotionally and psychologically abusive to my family. I show callousness to most people's situations and can be quite insensitive to others suffering (most of the time not directly to them), I can be selfish and extremely hurtful. AMA
I am a student who’s school has unfortunately not closed yet/talked about being closed yet due to the corona virus, AMA.
vibing during quarantine and online shopping. AMA!
I have pdd-nos autism ama
I’m new please excuse my stupidity
I voted for Biden in the Florida Democratic Primary just to spite Neekolul and her army of simps... AMA!
I'm an atheist. AMA
I Don't Feel Any Positive Emotions Anymore
Im 63 years old and have never had a girlfriend before and am still a virgin. AMA (Part 2)
Teaching my 7 yo son baking. AMA and yes, he will answer your questions.
I am a 15 year old obese girl with lots of health problems that are out of my control, but am more physically fit than most of the people I know. AMA
I met my husband in a bar AMA
I have gone blind, what do you want to know about being blind?
Shoot your shot
Making some BIG moves on some products that might just make this Corona virus be easier to avoid.AMA!!
I have been trying to learn blender (A 3D anination app) AMA
Im Mexican. AMA
Can you help me find the cartoon, there was a big red 3D robot, and the cartoon came out about 10 years ago?
What’s something that a movie created that people believe is true?
I am an Arab refugee AMA
My Dad Is An Alcoholic (AMA)
I am infected with Coronavirus. (COVID-19) Ask Me Anything.
One of my friends is secretly Ed Sheeran
I have no life, AMA.
I want to get back together with my ex AMA
I like beer. AMA
AMA then edit your comment to make my response offensive?
I can answer question for you in terrible ways. AMA
I’m a fairly normal person. AMA
Quarantined for cake day, AMA
HOLY MOLY
Ask me Anything
looking to talk choral stuff. AMA!
I am 14 and obsessed with LEGO
Im 63 years old and have never had a girlfriend before or sex. AMA
I won the honorary workplace misogyny award! AMA!
Movie theaters are closed in mi city (since 3 hours ago). Today I was going to watch My Hero Academia: Heroes Rising, that movie is not going to return. Ama Fuck covid
I'm a choir boy, AMA
Landlord is putting restrictions on me due to COVID-19
I am from a country where cousin marriage is preferred over "strangers" marriage. AMA
I’m a party pooper like me Mosley
I'm a staffing recruiter currently hiring for companies that handle your food in the US. AMA
I manage a grocery store in California AMA
I’m Canadian and all restaurants, bars, museums etc have shut down due to the virus. AMA.
Cake day and im quarantine AMA
I left an abusive marriage after 5 years. AMA
I'm 'boring'. AMA
I haven't interacted with a human being face to face in 12 days. AMA
Ryan, here. North Adams resident and Internet-Tortured encyclopedia. I'm beyond bored when writing this. AMA
I'm in Mandatory Quarantine for Corona Virus. AMA
Years ago my mother refused to marry a millionaire. Ama.
(I know this is late but...) I saw the Unite-the-Right rally, AMA
People with autism: Whats the "oh god im autistic" moment
Ama, but change the to make me look weird.
My dad works and a grocery store and sees 450-650 (corona crazy) people a day ama
Door to Door Sales Rep for Charter/Spectrum that still has to work even with the COVID-19 Outbreak, AMA
My city went into a self quarantine, you’re only allowed to travel for essential purposes, and I’m bored as hell, AMA
I play tuba. AMA
Made it to level 17 karma
Our whole education system is canceled due to Coronavirus (COVID-19), AMA
My (former) stepparent was in the KKK and a neo-nazi who abused me and my siblings. me and my family are away from it now but it’s been less than a year. obviously i cant say super specific things, in case my identity would be found out. AMA
I was invited to a chatroom for a school that I dont go to! AMA!
I was raised Mormon. AMA
AMA but edit your comment after i respond to make me look like a psychopath.
I live in Kansas and school just got shut down for the rest of the year AMA
I don't have the world famous coronavirus but I may or may not contract it in the future. AMA
Bored with no life
I’m on a well known party island that’s being locked down because of the coronavirus. AMA
AMA - Did 3.5 weeks in lockdown in China (300 miles from Wuhan)
I'm drunk and hurt af, AMA
Im eating Insanely hot Hot Wings AMA
I have severe depression and feeling very lost in life.. AMA
Tonight my [61m] dad and [27f] smoked weed together for the first time. AMA
Prevent artists from leaving this place.... Holed up in a motel room. Lots to give, none to give to. Music, art, politics, depression...
I’m someone with Aspergers who was raised by people who didn’t understand my disorder, AMA.
I have been struggling with suicidal thoughts for the past 7 years and now have no will to live AMA
I’m a 18F in my senior year of high school with a part time job. I can’t go to either because of covid-19. I’m stuck with my abusive family for 2 weeks. AMA
Tell me a word and I will give color and maybe gender!
Playing💣🧨bomberfriends💣🧨
I am the son of a millionaire business owner, AMA about my life and all
I need karma. AMA
Ama
i live in spain and this is the 5th day in quarantine. AMA
I have schizoaffective disorder. AMA!
i've been playing roblox for around 10 years, ask me anything i guess
I am a professional hacker
I'm a teledildonics/sex tech researcher and engineer, project lead of buttplug.io. AMA.
Tonight I was walked out.
I only need 3 hours of sleep daily, AMA!
My city is under quarantine due to Coronavirus and a close family friend has it. AMA
If my life was a season, it would be fall.
Kansas School Shutdowns
I am very avid DND man AMA
I had a huge crush on this girl for five years and recently decided to move on. Now I caught myself looking for some pictures of her and she's cute AMA
I was laughed at for washing my ass with a water pik, now you peasants don't even have TP - AMA
I am a girl who considers herself “one of the guys”
I’m 16 (M) years old under strict lockdown in France, AMA
I’m one of ten kids. AMA
I’ve lived in Tampa, Fl my whole life...and Tom Brady just signed to the Buccaneers. AMA.
I'm 13, autistic and I have adhd, ask me anything
My family were the stars of our own reality TV show. AMA
I am three and a half years old and I am self-quarantined in the US, AMA!
I'm dating my cousin. AMA
I'm trilingual. AMA.
I’m a grocery team member at Target during COVID-19/grocery-pocalypse. AMA
I’m an INTJ with schizoaffective bipolar and misophonia (mainly). AMA.
Door trouble
I have really strict parents (about technology) AMA
I'm Scottish.AMA!
I am Donald Trump AMA.
I lived in 3 different continents, have 3 passports, speak 4 languages and am currently quarantined in Kreuzberg, Berlin. Spanish, English, Portuguese, German accepted. AMA.
My father is paralyzed and I have to take care of him. AMA
My birthday is on St Patrick’s Day AMA
I am a CTO in an online casino, AMA
British twat AMA
My state has just cancelled school for the whole year and I’m super pumped AMA
My country has just imposed a curfew due to COVID-19 and I have a pass to leave my home... AMA
I got 500 karma, AMA!
I started wearing diapers, just for fun AMA
I’m a sociopath, ask me anything.
I've witnessed a terror attack, ama
I had the Corona Virus and spent 18 days in quarantine. I've now beaten it. AMA
My little brother is transgender AMA
I watched all of breaking bad but skipped every scene with Skyler AMA:
I’m just an average guy. AMA
M23 who has never orgasmed, AMA
I've been working from home in USA for 15 years, and grew up in Communist Romania, where government lockdowns and social control was pretty common. Ask me anything!
i have dissociative identity disorder (multiple personality disorder). AMA
I have lived in West Virginia for six-and-a-half years. AMA!
I’m not part of my city’s quarantine because I work at a general store, and so I am one of the most vulnerable relatively-healthy people in the are. AMA
Actual psychopath here, not some 14 yr old white girl that took the Facebook quiz. AMA
I saved a dolphin. AMA
Never watched anime. AMA
Just had the worst poop of my life. AMA.
I'm a mute and have 2 moms. AMA
dying from accidental intentional self inflicted brain C.T.E. as a troubled teenager
I have 45 iq AMA
currently in isolation and really bored. AMA!
I work at a 24/7 luxury doggy daycare and boarding, AMA.
My compulsive masturbation disorder/porn addiction has caused me to stumble upon some of the strangest corners of internet porn the web has too offer. Ama
My life is worthless and by the time I've awnsered these questions everyone who has ever told me to kill myself has won
I just watched attack on Titan season 2 episode 7 AMA
Ask me any question, and I'll try and answer it in one word. AMA
One of my reddit friends made my life perfect. AMA
My name is Ken. AMA
Im an extrovert with adhd stuck in quarantine in my small apartment AMA
I found a penny AMA
I work at a high end food market (basically a specialty grocery store) in NYC AMA
I'm overusing/abusing/taking more antidepressants than i was prescribed. AMA.
I’m a not-so-crazy republican, AMA
Out on a walk in the park I live by, AMA
I did this over the weekend, but I’m bored. I am a diagnosed psychopath. AMA
I’m an American veterinary assistant of a still-operational vet clinic during the COVID-19 outbreak. AMA
The college I strip at closed today. Now I have no where I can strip for a room full of strangers. AMA
I'm a short guy with a short &amp; thin penis. AMA. [32/M]
I main Scout in Team Fortress 2
I drank a lot of cold brew and then accidentally took a Vyvanse at 4pm instead of benadryl AMA
My mom was a stripper for 15 years. AMA
Just got laid off ask me anything
Abuse victim AMA
I've been havin some really awesome sex dreams lately where, all the women have like 16 extra bones... AMA!!
I’m a naturist/nudist ama
Let's do a NSFW AMA since im stuck home (F, 19)
I saved a newspaper clipping from my city that reads “Woman stabs man over Vienna Sausage”. AMA
Canadian Claims Adjuster handling western region Alberta/BC Auto claims
Going on three years with sub 20 karma AMA
in self-quarantine because of immune issues and board out of my mind AMA
I speak to myself as if I were someone else. AMA.
I am an EMT working in NYC in the middle of the corona virus outbreak. AMA
Latex and rubber loving girl here, ama :)
I work at a grocery store. AMA
I'm a hypochondriac and generally anxious person trying to stay positive, AMA
I'm a Healthcare worker in the Bay Area CA
Hey I’m a college student and I have housing insecurities because of the virus shutting down campus AMA!
I have yet to buy toilet paper. AMA.
I have a perfect nose. AMA.
I am wrapping myself in a bunch of toilet paper to walk around downtown Dallas looking like a mummy. AMA.
I’m a person who works for a retail company in a busy mall that won’t shut down and makes me go into work. Ask me anything!
I tried to cut down a peer at school after he hung himself. AMA
Schools closed for 30 days in Finland AMA
Lived in Guangzhou throughout the outbreak. Ama
I am in quarantine awaiting* results. AMA
[AMA]Cruiseship crew member, ship under quarantine, in a city under lockdown
About to delete Reddit, AMA
I used to be a 'niceguy,' AMA
I was just presented with the honorary degree of a Doctor of Philosophy in the field of Geopsychology. A. M. A!
I’m a Grocery Store worker during the COVID-19 outbreak in the USA, AMA
I’m a witch that can communicate with ghosts and is in a group for it
AMA To Draw
I have been working from home for 2 days and have already completed everything I had to do for the week...AMA
I'm a 6'4" white male who's emotionally unstable with a depressing job and fucked up every relationship I've ever been in ama.
I'm an early college student. AMA!
Just finished day 1 of self-isolation in the UK - AMA!
I came out to my friends the other day AMA
I am the grocery manager of a large grocery store AMA
I’m a 20 year old bisexual polyamorous Wiccan Navy “veteran” with a fun amount of trauma! AMA
I just beat my mom 20 times and feel very good now AMA
My boyfriend isn't speaking to me because I said I hoped his mother died of coronavirus ama
Was completely shackled when I was arrested.AMA
Hello from Poland that's currently in fight with Covid-19! I'm your girl inside, AMA!
I’m an animal rights activist who broke into a dog-fighter’s property to expose him, and discovered a person he’d been holding captive since they were an infant and raising them to think they were a dog. AMA
I was in an online video call class for school, AMA.
I'm looking for some Ametuer coders to make a game with. AMA.
1 year on reddit AMA
I'm a chiropractor ~ Ask me anything
I’m a lazy person by nature who hasn’t been bothered by the corona quarantine. I live in NYC for clarification
I am a Grocery Store Cashier in a MO county with 3 confirmed cases of COVID19. AMA.
I’m bored asf. AMA
I am on immunosuppressants and am afraid that my mom might have COVID-19 AMA
i ran away from home with little to no traces when i was 21 and i am now 26. i am finally going home. AMA
I am a 45 year old guy who just joined Reddit, AMA!
Just lost all of my friends due to my depression. AMA
I can understand English, Modern Greek, Koine Greek, a big percent of classical Greek, and I am currently learning French, Tongan, Gilbertese and Japanese. I love foreign languages. I am 14. I am getting the Proficiency diploma this year in May in English. I write music, poems and novels. AMA.
Longing to engage in bisexuality
I'm a manager who oversees the "Essentials" area at a large retail store. Basically the departments where everyone is panic buying. AMA
I live in California AMA
I have sex 4x a day on average and still manage to work full time, take care of a household and my husband, and raise three children. AMA
I’ve made out or had sex with a few of my cousins ama
Im too energetic on adrenaline ama
I made out with my cousin AMA
I have ibs d and always have diarrhea in school AMA
I’m a student in the uk and ny school has stopped my year from going to school AMA
I’m a student in the uk and ny school has stopped my year from going to school AMA
I know several millionaires. AMA about them.
who's obligation
I will play devil’s advocate and counter any view purely as an intellectual exercise. AMA
I’m doing at home learning right now ama
I order groceries for a major grocery store AMA
My father was accused of murder
(15) Both of my Parents died last October within 2 weeks of each other to unrelated causes
I'm a Goodwill Ecommerce employee in a state on shut down AMA
I’m a SW &amp; this is my first cake day
Travelled to 4 different Airports in India, in a duration of 10-12 hours. AMA.
I'm stay at home for 3 weeks because of coronavirus
I’m in Washington state. All schools, restaurants, gyms, bars, and movie theaters have been shut down. AMA
My job is too order all the groceries for a major grocery store in a state effected hard by the coronavirus AMA
I live in a 3rd world country and we are all in a 3 week quarantine, and everything but supermarkets drug stores are closed.
I'm a time traveller, AMA.
I'm Nepali. Nepal has not been affected by CoViD19 yet atleast thats the information circulating. So AMA.
I'm a time traveller. AMA.
I'm a Recreation Therapist. AMA (:
I am a student at a school in the UK that is being forced to remain amid Coronavirus open despite it being dangerous to do so, AMA
I’m a simp and I’m proud of it, ama
I Am AntiVaxx during the Coronavirus
I’m based AMA
I’m a Native American and Our Reservation Just Got Quarantined due to COVID-19, AMA
Drunk at home during quarantine AMA
RN in LA who is disgusted by the US healthcare system (AMA)
Quarantined, off school, and bored, AMA
Im a ching chong. AMA
I am an American quarantined to my hotel room in Peru during a nationwide lockdowns. AMA
I have the Covid-19 virus. Currently chilling in quarantine. They let me keep my phone, so why not do a AMA
I have new one follower on reddit. AMA
I’m a server at an old folks home! Ask me anything!
I weigh 103.6lbs. AMA
11 months ago I died for almost 3 minutes AMA
I’m an Irish man in Ireland on St Patrick’s day where every bar in the country is closed AMA
I got banned from r/AskReddit. AMA!
My father and grandparents escaped from communist Russia in 1967. AMA.
Im a Chinese in Asia right now. Studying in high school. AMA
I am rascict, AMA
I’ve used 12 rolls of toilet paper since 03/13, by myself, AMA
I’m a grocery store worker during the corona panic AMA
Just went to a Covid19 assessment centre, 37m with mild symptoms. AMA
I am 29 years old I’m from California and I am nonverbal Autistic. AMA
I don’t use this sub to get people to give me karma so I can post on other subs, AMA!
Hi! I am Alexey from Ukraine. Ukraine is one of the former republics of the Soviet Union. 15 years of service in the Ukrainian army (field artillery major reserve). At the moment, I am heading a car repair enterprise after an accident. Now , a lot of broken cars are imported from the US.
I am a loser AMA
I'm both bisexual and genderfluid, AMA.
I only have like 17 karma ask me anything
I'm a crane operator. I do tandem lifts on wind turbine blades. I'm currently at work and it's my birthday AMA
I have a 65 ibs, hyperactive pitbull with a tinder account AMA
I contracted Covid-19 on a trip to Busan South Korea AMA
I’m a girl AMA
I’m in home isolation for 14 days AMA.
I’ve been to the psych ward 5+ times AMA
Hi, I’m Conor Dougherty. I'm an economics reporter for The New York Times and I wrote a book called Golden Gates: Fighting for Housing in America. AMA
My mother is encouraging me to be a pedophile, AMA.
I work for a branch office of a large bank in the US (non major city) and we are still working in the office with no plans of working from home anytime soon! AMA!
Hi! I am Alexey from Ukraine. Ukraine is one of the former republics of the Soviet Union. 15 years of service in the Ukrainian army (field artillery major reserve). At the moment, I am heading a car repair enterprise after an accident. Now , a lot of broken cars are imported from the US.
I am 20 years old with down syndrome AMA
I am self-isolating at home. I ran out of face tissues and I am now using precious toilet paper for my runny nose. AMA!
I have being learning from school because of the corona scare for 3 days now. AMA
I know this receives a lot of hate but I have 158 IQ-AMA
Met a girl on Minecraft. We are now married. AMA.
Just flew from Asia (via Hong Kong) to the US (SFO) after 8 days in Thailand during the COVID-19 crisis. AMA
I KNOW ITS DUMB BUT I NEED TO POST ON R/MEMES AND R/WHOLESOME MEMES BUT I DONT HAVE ENOUGH KARMA SO PLEASE HELP ME?
I work at whole foods AMA
I miss my exgf and I'm in a car on the way to the airport AMA
I lost my virginity to a hooker today, AMA
I just got diagnosed with asperger syndrome, AMA
Ask me anything about my asian life :/
Spanish/Catalan on the 3rd day of 15 or even a month on lockdown. AMA
I’m immune compromised and staying trying to stay positive AMA
My school gives online classes on Discord
Just got done fapping to some shady shit ama
I'm terribly suicidal, and the past days have been worse. AMA
Today is my birthday. Kind of bummed out since my plans were canceled due to the coronavirus curfew. AMA
I bag anyone who dies in my county.
I am 100% Greek and living in Greece, AMA
I just hit (and surpassed) 69 karma. AMA
I married a girl I met on Minecraft. AMA
Costco Employee During the Crisis AMA.
We are a Couple from California who travelled to New York for Vacation. Ask Us anything.
I'm Irish and it's St. Patrick's day. Everythings closed. AMA
I'm on LSD, AMA
I have a very limited medical knowledge. AMA
I need karma. (Pretty Dumb? I know)
Intensive Care Specialist AMA
I am retarded ama
I'm a jobless event photographer because of Corona, AMA!
I am a foster dad in Indiana to two kids under the age of two. Good, bad, and ugly. Ask away!
I am the healthcare worker who made an AMA last week saying I got coughed on by a doctor who tested positive for Covid-19. Now am starting to develop very minor symptoms. My work told me to self-isolate till Sunday evening. Incubation time in younger people is longer. Ama
My first time voting just got cancelled. AMA
AMA, but change your question to something really sad after i reply to it
I work at a supermarket / grocery store in Australia. AMA.
I work at a Supermarket/Grocery in Australia. AMA.
Ask me anything but edit your comment after to make me seem like a lunatic
Hi. I'm m 20 horny. Ama
I am A Filipino. The Entire Luzon Island is having a quarantine and a State of Calamity Ask Me Anything!
My two older brothers have just been jailed for running County Lines in the UK AMA
Coronavirus panic kicking in
My cock has got the Coronavirus AMA
CoronaVirus
Carphone Warehouse employee for 3 years. Lost my job today after store closure announcements. AMA.
I am an IB diploma student in Finland. The whole country is going into quarantine. AMA
75 year old granny ask my for dinner i sayd no
I'm an American assistant produce manager who had a sinus infection towards the end of last week. AMA
I'm a 19 year old Lebanese and we have the worst economic crisis since 1915. I'm literally broke and so are my parents. AMA
Alone on my birthday - AMA
I’m currently self-isolating due to the coronavirus pandemic, i have all but one of the symptoms. AMA.
I will respond to the most interesting question you have.
I know it's pretty pathetic but I need Karma to ask on r/tooafraidtoask and r/nostupidquestions so please fire away!
I was a Christian that became an atheist, after a couple of years I converted to Christianity again. AMA
I just pressed my finger to my anus, farted then raised it up to my nostril to sniff. AMA
I'm a spanish teenager who can't leave my home, I'm bored AMA
Taking forever to get karma, AMA
The frenxh government sent a text message to all the frenchs saying we arent allowed to go outside exept for important stuff. AMA!
I’m a simp. AMA!
I've been creating a fictional universe since I was 15, I'm now 24 - AMA
I've attempted suicide four times and have spent the last two years in total social isolation. AMA
I am a self diagnosed depressed teen, AMA
AMA and I’ll respond with an image link to each question
Self-Isolated due to Coronavirus, AMA (On first day of self-isolation)
I'm a male dating a trans woman for 2 years now, ama
Im just here to bust a nut
My Parents Got Divorced When I Was Six. AMA
I will get offended by anything you post
In 2018 I lived in self isolation for a year in the black forest. Far away from friends and family. Almost no socializing. AMA
I’m returning home from an affected European country, headed to Quarantine, AMA!
Practically homeless during the COVID pandemic.. AMA
Just a guy AMA
I’m Italian. 15 days in lockdown. I can provide spoilers on how Coronavirus quarantine goes. AMA
I (28m) tested positive for COVID-19, AMA
First cake day AMA.
I am a national level debator and have been recognized as an excellent orator have won many national competitions. AMA! AMA!
Being stuck at home caused me to be hypomanic AMA
I live in Santa Clara County where our 3 week quarantine starts today. AMA.
I'm mentally unstable AMA
I'm literally good for nothing and therefore cannot do AMA about any topic. So, AMA.
I work at a gun shop in America. AMA
I work at a Gun Store in America, ask me anything.
My local footy league just got postponed until mid June after 4 months of preseason AMA
I have a net worth of 1.7 million, ama
Final year of graduation from IIT BHU, locked myself at home to avoid the COVID-19. AMA
I have a genetic condition called 16p 11.2 Micro Deletion Syndrome AMA
Im in Peru and the whole country is on lock-down, AMA: Just created my account
I work at Walmart and I have to be there in 30min (3am EST) AMA
Dave, 32, Hospital Emergency line/Reception/Admission AMA
17 year old female with ADHD, rhythmic gymnastics AGG national champion. AMA
Nocturnal American here. AMA!
I am an expert Plague Inc player who has destroyed/failed to destroy humanity over 1000 times; AMA
I'm a teenager with several health issues and anxiety and I live in a city with several cases of Covid-19...I haven't left my house in a week. AMA
I am a subject of the COVID-19 lockdown in India, AMA
Im really sick AMA
My fiancée is at another guys house and just blocked me on text because I accidentally blocked her on snap. AMA!!!!!
In 1989 I got straight up punched in my throat. It was also the first day I tasted iced tea and listened to Nirvana. Still hate iced tea. Still love Nirvana. AMA.
In 1989 I got straight up punched in the throat all willy nilly. It was also the first day I tried iced and listened to Nirvana. Still hate iced tea. Still love Nirvana. AMA.
My Country is going on a Partial Lockdown AMA
A person once told me that a conversation they had with me kept them from completing suicide, AMA
My schools are still open, ama.
I reported a family friend to the county for building a guest cabin without a permit after he expressed support for an italy-style lock down in response to coronavirus. He recived a letter in the mail today informing him that was being fined $5,000. ama
I’m your therapist AMA
I am a vegan who won’t shut up about it.
Farmer in 2020 AMA
I am going to kill myself, need something to set me over the edge AMA
Im in San Francisco on Coronavirus lockdown. AMA
What’s it like to be an objectively attractive person?
I am staying home for 2 weeks because of covid-19.AMA
I’m just an average, 22 year old college student
Dislike this post, ask me something, and then change your question so my answer is disturbing, and dislike my answer.
I was heavily depressed today for a tiny stupid reason. AMA
I’m on shrooms right now. AMA
I study Jewish elites, AMA
I live in missouri, ama
AMA, but edit your question to make me seem rude.
I am an introvert, AMA
AMA but exit your comment to make me seem rude
An honest teenager AMA
Im a child prodigy AMA
Borderline &amp; Bipolar Uni Student AMA
I was just robbed. AMA
Today's my birthday, AMA!
I'm a respiratory therapist just put on quarantine due to exposure. AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me sound racist
I'm the son an Indian millionaire (lower middle class of the top 1%) AMA
I'm a military member on hiatus due to COVID-19 AMA
30 year old Chinese female Dutch raised currently in isolation AMA
I'm an Illinois election judge who is working at a polling place in the morning. AMA.
I enjoy punching wasps when they land on bricks or concrete. Only broke my hand once because of it. But now I don’t trust lampshades. AMA.
I'm an Illinois Poll Worker whose working the primary in the morning and a college student who has been displaced by COVID-19. AMA.
I just jacked off twice. Circumcised. No breaks between the two nutting sessions. AMA
I have very bad luck with girls. AMA!
I just listened to my 33 hour long Spotify playlist from beginning to end without stopping. AMA
I'm living the "nympho hot girl, nerdy boyfriend" trope in real life and I'm dying. AMA.
I’ve had a fly stuck all the way in my ear before. AMA
I work at Cracker Barrel in Florida, and we remain open during the Coronavirus. Or main customers are 65+ and they are still coming in. AMA
Uber Driver in Washington D.C. AMA
I just ran out of lotion and can't do it dry. AMA
I’m a formal social security administration employee. I adjudicated every type of claim. AMA
I have had 4 Coca-Colas today, AMA
I was born with 6 fingers on both my hands AMA
diagnosed with a stomach disease and had an eating disorder when i was 3. AMA
I just shampooed my ass hair, AMA
Imma 13 year old stoner
I'm a 13 year old failed suicide attemptee. AMA
I just discovered that you can be high and sad at the same time AMA
My 2020 is several earthquakes worse than yours - AMA
I'm Respiratory Therapist AMA
My country is in martial law and if anyone leaves their house they get a $5,000 usd fine and half a year in prison - AMA
I just shampooed my ass hair, AMA
I am a 14 yr old from China and I'm going to boarding school in the states next year. AMA
Just got my lying cheating ex girlfriend arrested for auto theft and don’t feel bad about it AMA
I've been to a mental hospital 6 times, AMA
My immunocompromised seven year old just broke his nose and they have us waiting in an OR in the emergency department to avoid him coming into contact with anyone who may be sick. AMA.
I can make anything negative
I’m A 13 Year Old Who Has Done Most Sexual... Things AMA
My ex boyfriend tried to murder me on my prom night! AMA
I'm weird 👹
I'm an alcoholic veteran and I'm done drinking
I'm killing myself tomorrow, ama
I’ve Just Down-Voted Four Comments in the Same Post. AMA
I’ve Just Down-Voter Four Comments in the Same Post. AMA
I am from Malaysia starting 18 March till 30 March, Malaysia will be in a partial lockdown. AMA
I’m in a better mood bc of the coronavirus which is illogical ama
I'm a famous singer I've had a track which topped the U.K. singles chart for seven weeks
I am the Corona virus. AMA
I have an evil second personality AMA
I am a musical theatre student with Aspergers syndrome and social anxiety. AMA
Living in West Virginia, which is currently the last state without any cases of COVID 19. AMA!
I was diagnosed with asperges but it turned out it was just social anxiety and now now i have to live telling people i am not autistic and they think im lying AMA
If you were prime minister/president, what would you implement to stop the spread of Coronavirus?
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
Starting my career at a state facility the week COVID-19 spreads in the US. AMA
My IQ is at least 132. AMA
i am a fraternal twin ask me anything
Give me a song title and I'll tell you what color(s) and texture it is
AMA, but i'm madly in love with you!
I suffer from a rare disease which triggers an allergic reaction when exposed to the cold (COLD URTICARIA) ask me anything
AMA request: An immune compromised individual that has either successfully recovered from coronavirus OR successfully avoided coronavirus by quarantine
Ask me any sort of Reddit-based quest! (just nothing NSFW, please and thank you.)
American living in Western Germany during the coronavirus lock down. AMA
Welfare fraud bounty hunter, ex physical therapy assistant - ask me anything!
Coronavirus gave me A bigger dick and immortality ama
Almost 4 year old account and mainly for porn never had gold or silver AMA
Part-time cashier during the coronavirus I work at HEB a Texas based store which got number 1 store to work at AMA
My country is about to go into Lockdown Tomorrow. AMA
8 cases of Corona virus in my SMALL city. AMA.
i have emetophobia and scopophobia... AMA!
AMA I went through "My Celebrity Experience"
Everything you say I will turn it into a deep philosophical discussion and will turn depressed. Ama
I live in the epicenter of coronaviurs in Germany AMA
I’m an immunocompromised, high-risk 17 year old who had to take three flights over 3 days because my campus closed. AMA.
I’m 18 years old and I got high today for the first time. AMA.
I love going to r/selfies and commenting this on every post. AMA.
I've had regularly occuring existential crisises since the age of 5. AMA
F 19: I'm coming to terms with having been sexually assaulted- AMA
I can’t sleep worrying about Covid 19. AMA!
I’ve been doing self harm AMA
My dad is self isolating in a shed outside. Ask me anything.
I am a comedy genius that has been confirmed by science, ask me anything!
21 y/o Chinese female from NYC AMA
I'm a 14 yr old (F) who has a body count of 6 and lost my virginity at the age of 10 AMA
Me and my family, (mom, dad, two sisters, two cats, and two rats), are now quarantined together for the next five weeks. AMA.
Me and my friends have been making a game known as “The Reign of Chungus” using Super Mario Bros X. AMA
I'm 27yo, had my first kiss yesterday and also started dating just recently. AMA
I'll reply with a poem that tries to roast you, but end up roasting myself. Ama
Cancer survivor AMA
I live in the U.S. and I’m a 14 year old girl living in a super pro-panic family. AMA
Metalhead in NJ AMA. (First One)
My mom had a bad fall and my dad didn't even get up to check - AMA
I have tried suicide many times (7) and I'm 16 AMA
I'm Australian. AMA!
I've recently identified as objectkin, a subsection of otherkin, AMA
I am a gender fluid, bisexual switch. AMA
I just finished my 15th day in a row of work in a supermarket AMA
I’m not normal ama
I'm eating a sammich with peanut butter that expired 2 months ago ama
Im a ordinary person who can't wait for Doom eternal to come out AMA
Was visited by aliens when 11
Was visited by aliens when 11
I’ve had my job offer and contract taken back due to Coronavirus. AMA
Met a paedophile yesterday AMA
I used to work in an autopsy suite / morgue, AMA.
I’m Kim Jon Un ama
Working during coronavirus
My mother works in a top hospital dealing with Coronavirus protocols/treatment. AMA.
a normal person i think. ama
I’m in Rome, the capital of Italy, currently under lockdown. I have online lessons and can’t leave my house. AMA
I'm diagnosed with schemic heart disease ask me any question you would like to ask
I have aphantasia, AMA! (self-diagnosed)
AMA but edit your comment to make me seem totally racist.
I can’t get over a girl I dated 4 years ago for a few weeks. Ask me anything?
I’m bored as heck, ask me anything?
My partner and I believe we are infected with Coronavirus (untested, symptoms for over a week, now in isolation) AMA.
I am completely normal. AMA
I was a wolf in my previous life AMA
Sleep cycle fucked as fuck, 4:30am RN, AMA
I work in Corrections ama
I'm a GP (Family doctor) in UK and revamped my surgery to help my 4000 patients. AMA
I finished up a rather large project yesterday, now I have no idea what to do for the next two weeks. AMA
I used the Cleveland Clinic's drive thru Coronavirus testing this weekend and tested positive, AMA.
I am a man with 2 penis’s AMA
I'm a high school senior, and I found out about an hour ago that school will be online until April 3rd. AMA!
My Highschool is closed due to Cornavirus (Covid-19.) ASK ME ANYTHING
Company remains open for repair of the most disgusting human possession AMA
I want to try online sex work, AMA
I have synesthesia and see large groups of numbers in different colours. Ask Me Anything
I love it when my girl calls me ‘Daddy’ AMA
I am in management at a grocery store in Ontario, in the heart of the demanding chaos. AMA
I am a person with enough TP. AMA
I am a chilean student in quarantine and im going to have online classes AMA
I am starved for touch AMA
I'm an EMT during this lovely pandemic, AMA.
When i was a teenager i used to wait until my parents were asleep and go down to the basement to get a bottle of liquor and get drunk in my room. AMA
I have been diagnosed with Ligma-19 ama
My husband and I have a 17 year age gap, we have been together for 9 years AMA
I'm unlucky as all HELL, with Corona going around, I currently have an open wound on my hand from my wife's cat biting me. AMA.
Best friend left me AMA
I just got quarantined for 14 days AMA
I'm an employee of a military base daycare who's being forced to work even though we have confirmed cases of COVID-19 in our area. AMA!
In my friend group “pickleball” means sex. I started the inside joke. AMA
Me nut gud englis esk me aniting
I don't give a shit about Coronavirus
A 14 year old guy with depression. AMA
I'm bored, quarantined and my computer broke. AMA
i have multiple personalities, AMA pt. 3
Im at work right now. AMA
My baby brother fell down stairs and almost died ama
Just got a 6 month summer vacation because of corona.
I am an agent from the year 2075, AMA
Ask a pre-engaged teen anything!
I’m mute AMA
Got sent home from college, my mom is having me make a daily schedule now that I’m home. AMA
I don't feel empathy, ask me anything.
My university is closing cause of COV-19. What about you?
Just got cancelled from school for the next 2 weeks probably longer if this doesn’t slow down
I got the coronavirus last month and I’ve already recovered, now I’m cleaning up on Tinder because I can’t carry or receive it. AMA
I live in Spain and I have been in quarantine for three days because of COVID-19, AMA!
I am bored out of my mind cause my parents wont let me hang out with anyone AMA
I have a fapping addiction, AMA
I’m flying to China tomorrow AMA
I am Dumb,AMA
I have a crush on a teacher. AMA
Reddit mods are pussies, AMA
I live in Ontario. AMA
I’m bored waiting for my doctor ama.
US citizen who got on the last flight leaving Italy, now self-quarantined in a remote location.
My boyfriend is mad at me because I said I hoped his mother died of coronavirus ama
I'm an AI Machine Learning Technician at MIT, Ask me anything.
19 years old Christian girl AMA
Detroit Stripper AMA - no job b/c of coronavirus
I’ve had a BDSM fetish since young, AMA
i’m severely depressed and am starting to lose hope on life. AMA
Just wiped my ass with toilet paper. AMA
I'm a teenager being affected by the social implications of the coronavirus. AMA
J
Extremely unhealthy, overweight and out of shape individual turned fitness enthusiast/ personal trainer AMA
Just watched Hereditary and I’m not sure if i’ll ever peacefully sleep again. AMA.
Cleaning my room in the Bronx
I’m a 16 year old who lives and works around the more radical left in California, AMA
Just got done cleaning chitterlings for 6 hours, AMA
I have multiple forms of synesthesia, AMA!
I’m bored AMA
I'm Bored. AMA To Draw
I’m attracted to older men and don’t see myself getting married to someone my age. AMA
things to consider in contact with girls/women ?
When I was 12 I was sent to a children's psychiatric ward
My Girlfriend just left me and I can‘t meet up with anyone because of the corona Virus AMA
Italian here, Ama
I am a teen suicide survivor, AMA
Detroit Stripper AMA - Coronavirus GoFundMe link at bottom
I’m from Venice, Italy. AMA
Pretty sure my boyfriend of six years is a clinical psychopath, AMA!
My Day went like this: Had a panic attack in the gym, got free tampons, listened to my neighbors complain about the army helicopters flying over our gardens during training, and stopped my cat jumping out the top floor window. AMA
I recently discovered that my GF is white, AMA
I’ve had sex for the first time, AMA
I [16 F] attended Center For Discovery of Stamford CT 1.5 months; AMA
I am a pansexual 13 Year old Male AMA
I just got diagnosed with COVID-19 in Toronto Canada - AMA
I’m Gordon Ramsey and I’m gonna show you how to add the coronavirus to your dish, fucking cunt...ama
I am a Reddit user. Ask me anything!
Hi everyone. I’m schoolboy from Russia. AMA.
I had to cancel my (18F) birthday party because of the coronavirus so I made a Reddit account instead, AMA
cried myself to sleep last night. AMA
my mom is a anti Vax mom on crack, ask me anything!
(F18) I just turned 18 and couldn’t throw a party so I made a Reddit account, AMA
I have just been put into self isolation because my sister has a cough AMA
I was that guy with the nice mum who all my friends had a crush on. AMA!
I’m convinced the universe sent coronavirus to save me from failing school, AMA
Sleep paralysis king
I’m starving myself for last 30hours, AMA
I am an OG Minecraft Pocket Edition player who was sort've toxic. AMA
COVID-19 is makin me losing my mind. AMA
I am 21 almost 22 with a wife 2 kids and 3 dogs. Ask me anything
I just missed my cake day. AMA.
I just got off a weeklong cruise yesterday. AMA
I (female) used to be a serial heartbreaker. AMA
I work in a 4 star Hotel in England. AMA
My country (Switzerland) just announced the state of emergency over Coronavirus, and I'm in the most contaminated region. AMA
I’m a father who beats my children, AMA
I’m a former Social Security employee. I processed claims for disability, retirement and everything else. AMA
Everyone is and will be working from home except for me. I will have to come to work. AMA
I learned to speak english before school started
I’ve been told that I have a various mental illnesses by non professionals but professionals reactions are “you’ve got a mental illness but we don’t know what” AMA
My country is in martial law and if anyone leaves their house they get a $5,000 usd fine and or 6 months in prison - AMA
I got a vasectomy 1 hour ago and have lots of time to kill. AMA
I am a indian 13 year old (m) who lives in Florida, AMA
I ate human feces
I am a white supremacist AMA!!
My SIXTH cake day and the first one I've ever remembered. I still don't even have 300 karma!
I was the guy with the nice mum who all my friends had a crush on
I'm a grocery store worker during the COVID-19 pandemic. AMA.
I was that guy with the “hot mum”
90%+ of the Corona panic is manufactured and unnecessary. AMA.
I have a baby ball python on my bed rn, AMA
I'm an unrebellious teenage girl, who loves her family very much. Ask me anything.
Today is my first Cake Day AMA
What’s it like being a teacher right now with the coronavirus shutting down schools?
I work in a home for physically and mentally disabled adults with behavioral problems. They are quarantined right now. AMA
AMA and I’ll format the response as a haiku
I live in Switzerland, Ama
I was born with a heart disease, ask me anything
Horny AF right now
I'm a cruise line employee currently at the airport after signing off my ship due to the shutdown of the cruise industry. AMA!
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I’m a second generation cattle rancher in California, ask me anything!
I am a practicing Muslim. AMA!
Just traveled from France to JFK, returning last night! AMA!
I just did a really stinky fart. AMA
CEO of remote work company AMA
I went to the dentist AND target....didn't get the corona virus....AMA!!
I'm an English 17 year old, Ask me anything!
I haven’t showered in a week AMA
I literally just ate AMA
I’m an average teenager AMA
Today i survived school shooting wich lasted for 5 hours.
I am a furry. AMA.
I Am a bowl of spaghetti, ama
I’m 17, made $1000 in a week selling boosted board parts. AMA.
I have DID, so... AMA.
I am diabetic ask me anything
Im a college student in the US who works for one of the big 3 auto manufactures. My team has been quartined but still has to come into work AMA!
I'm a trans, pan, poly, furry that is in JROTC, wants to be a firefighter cadet, wants to commissionas an officer in the US Airforce, and is also trying to get a NASA internships. AMA
I have Cystic fibrosis and am currently in hospital which is complete lockdown from today. AMA
My ex girlfriend dumped me for my friend
Weed dealer in NYC , AMA !
I'm currently on my first day of self-quaranting, and in college for environmental/civil engineering. I have a research assistant position in engineering, hobbies include painting, snowboarding, and an aquarist who raises shrimp and fish.
Just a swedish boi ama
Jus jerked my micro peen
I’m an infectious disease and microbiology masters student (graduating in April) AMA!
What's your “He got what he f***ing deserved” story?
Just wanted to talk to anyone
I am a happiness coach and professional speaker for the last 5+ years with tons of experience with clients, Ask Me Anything!
Ask a drunk black Frenchman anything
One of my friends is extremely narcissistic. AMA
I have borderline personality disorder, AMA!
I am a married man that has sex with college guys. Ask me anything.
I have just been informed that my school has been closed
I'm a first year Music and Musical Theatre student at University in the United Kingdom... AMA
Im praying for the obese americans
I used to be an online competitive gaming addict, so did my brothers become. AMA.
I'm a non-essential start-up tech employee being forced to work in office. AMA.
I'm an American who is currently in Taiwan during the COVID19 pandemic. Ask me anything
I don't work at a grocery store, but shop at one. Ask me anything!
I upvote every question, AMA
My girlfriend and I filled a Chevy Suburban to the brim with toilet paper, water, toiletries, peanut butter, crackers etc. Put a sign on the windshield "Free Supplies" and was surprised how well behaved and thankful people in need were, restoring my faith in humanity. AMA.
I am a 20-something who just got laid off from an office job in the U.S. AMA
I didn't know my dad was adopted until I was 21, AMA
Aspiring choral director and classical singer, AMA!
I live in Alabama. AMA!
I live in Alabama. AMA!
I live in Alabama. AMA!
I (23M) am an atheist that told my parents about my stance on religion and they acted like the conversation never happened. Years later they still try to “sell” me on the idea of god. AMA
I am a 14 year old white girl. AMA
I'm a high school student returning from a school trip out of state in the middle of the Covid-19 pandemic. AMA.
im 9 with depression
I like triggering feminists. AMA
Throughout the CVID-19 Outbreak, I have continued to go to - and am going right now - the gym. AMA.
I live in a small touristy island that's about to shutdown all airports/Ports while STILL not infected with CoVid-19. AMA
Im not allowed to go outside bc of the coronavirus, but im infected AMA
I’m Gay, Yet I Don’t Identify with the LGBT Community and I’m Voting for Trump. AMA!
Give me Answers and i’ll try to think of a question to go with it. AMA
The fast food restaurant I work at is shutting down lobby and only doing drive thru due to the coronavirus AMA!
I’m a female on my period AMA
I'm a full time retail worker working during the coronavirus scare. AMA.
Someone I know is possessed by an owl
Three years ago today I was admitted to an adolescent psychiatric unit. AMA
I’m 16 with depression from since around 12 Yrs old AMA
I'm an atheist surrounded by religious people AMA
I am a 16 year old male with Autism, ask me anything
What’s your favourite 2 line joke?
What’s your favourite 2 line joke ?
My dog is on his last day. AMA
I work for one of the only companies in my country that will more than likely not shut down temporarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic, AMA
I’m an Intensive Care Unit (ICU) nurse. Ask me anything!
I’ve Been Working Remotely For the last 5 Years: Ask Me Anything
I am a French student stuck at home and home-schooled because of Coronavirus. AMA.
Explain the English muffin.
I just bought the last pack of toilet paper at my local supermarket, now I'm afraid of robbers and highwaymen. AMA!
I’m from Peru and we are on quarantine for coronavirus AMA
I am a Canada Goose expert AMA
I’m bored because of the quarantine. Let’s play a little game! Two truths and a lie!
Been waiting 5 min for a match in PUBG. AMA
Hi. I’m an American citizen under martial law/quarantine (day 3), stuck in my apartment in Barcelona. Cabin fever is an understatement. AMA!
I work in a military educational institute, AMA.
I am a 16 year old American male living in Germany. AMA!
AMA Israeli Teen.
28M, UK national, in Poland for 14 days due to international lockdown over COVID-19 concerns. AMA!
I worked for nearly 2 years on a charity programme with men accused of/or charged with domestic abuse, AMA
I am currently driving across Canada in the Covid-19 panic AMA
I’m an American teenager (white) who lived in India for 5 years, AMA!
I was born with only the left side of my heart. It’s backwards. I’ve had three open heart surgeries. I also used to have arthritis and i have a weak immune system. AMA. I won’t get offended.
I'm a daycare worker without a job because of covid 19, AMA
I am a college student who works 2 full days in a row at a grocery store a week and we just had our 2 most busy days. AMA
AMA but when I reply change your comment to make my reply seem extremely offensive
I think online dating app isn't healthy, and it brings myself down ... Any thoughts?? 23M
I have no school for three weeks, might be increased to eight but I don't know. AMA
I deported the very person who hired me in the first place. AMA.
Bored because of the strict quarantine here in the Philippines AMA
I'm quarantined but NOT board AMA
I'm making beats. Looking for rapper or singer 23M
My school was canceled due to covid-19, AMA!
I have been working from home for almost 10 years. AMA.
Currently self isolating after returning from Japan, (no symptoms) location UK ama?
I'm from Austria, a country that's basically on lockdown from today forward due to Corona. AMA!
I am an American from the Pacific Northwest who is currently in Taiwan. Ask me anything
I'm stuck at home (and bored out of my mind) because of the pandemic. AMA!
I’m a possible Sociopath. AMA
I am a 13 Teenager with an healing stone mom AMA
my brother ran away for three months at 13, AMA
I'm an American who is currently in Taiwan. ask me anything!
I sleep crazy amounts of hours AMA
I’ve been in a long distance relationship for three years. AMA
I'm a poor student barricading himself in his flat due to fears of having the coronavirus. AMA
Big JoJo fan here, AMA!
My school closed down due to Corona virus for at least 3 weeks, school is the only place I truly feel safe and can talk about my shit. Please Ama
I've seen Infinity War more than 10 times and can basically recite the whole movie, AMA!
Good day! I'm the ordinary guy who just ate his lunch. AMA.
I (F24) was groomed &amp; sexually assaulted between the ages of 15-17. I only told a therapist for the first time last year &amp; have been recovery focussed ever since. AMA.
I have OCD, curing it with only power of will, AMA.
I was raped at 13 by my family therapist. AMA
I'm bored. Ama.
If you AMA I will answer the question
KFC Manager (Aus) AMA
I’m locked in my room for 3 days now, I think I may have coronavirus and I’m awake 5:24am right now, AMA
I just got over food poisoning 10 minutes ago, AMA
For those that have/had COVID, can you describe a day to day of progression of your symptoms? What would have been helpful in retrospect (food, meds, etc)
I know a crap ton of pick up lines give me a theme and ill make it a pick up line!
Intensive Care Specialist AMA
I will literally tell you anything about my life. AMA
I need to boost my karma to post on /wholesomememes.Ama
I am a person with severe OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder), AMA!
I live on a US army base AMA
I live on an U.D army base AMA
I am a person with sever OCD, AMA!
I live in Austria Tyrol and we have since yesterday a ban on going out. AMA
My school just sent an email saying that the school will be locked down tomorrow. AMA
I'm a kid who lives with another family now AMA
Walking behind women
I work at a supermarket during a doomsday prep. AMA
My family run a loan shark business in a small country, Southern Asia, AmA
I’m 13 years old and sued my parents cause they wouldn’t buy me an Xbox
No one wants to talk to me because I’m highly unlikable so AMA
I have been working out on my body for 365 days exactly! Ask me anything
I’m in love with my friend and she doesn’t know so AMA
I'm a high school football player who's suffered from a concussion. AMA
I am the moderator of a dozen large subs including r/noahgettheboat (360k users). AMA
I'm gay. AMA
I, a 17 year old, just finished a 13 hour shift in a grocery store. AMA!
A sad and bored optimist AMA
I’m self isolating
I need to boost my karma to 500 to post on teenagers, AMA
Home, bored and studying for my driving licence. AMA!
I live on an island called Kwajalein AMA
I saw the face of God on the Portland MAX Blue Line headed to Gateway AMA
I am a regular 12 year old kid. AMA
Just a college kid home because of the coronavirus living in a city that has declared a state of emergency AMA.
I have Asperger's syndrome and more than 160 IQ. AMA
AMA: I'm a college student - will answer all questions
I'm an Iranian male living in the United States AMA
I'm in love with a schizophrenic meth addict AMA
I do freelance work for big events in nyc. Now there are no events for the foreseeable future. AMA!
I am a school teacher from Switzerland and starting today I'll be teaching my classes from home because of the COVID-19 AMA
I work in a residential facility for children and youth with Autism. I am scared what's going to happen to my kids if we shut down due to COVID-19. AMA
IAmA Request: Covid-19 recovered patient (at least a few weeks)
I'm a successful stained glass artist/contractor and have my work around the world. AMA
I work at a McDonald's AMA!
I am what the media likes to call "Alt-Right" "Nazi" "Racist" and "Hitleresque" Ask Me Anything.
I work the at a McDonald's AMA!
I have an inflation fetish. AMA.
I'm a 29th degree Freemason. Ask me anything.
I’m mega bored and have trouble sleeping. AMA
AMA in your language, I will google translate the question and response
I have stage 4 cancer of the adrenaline gland - AMA
I have Chiari Malformation, AMA!
I’m a teenager. AMA - I’ll answer anything.
People with glasses wearing surgical masks
I will not answer truthfully to any question AMA
My school has been cancelled and now I'm showing symptoms of corona. AMA.
I have Schizoaffective disorder. Ama
I work nights at a gas station. Ama
I work third shift at a gas station and see maybe three people all night.
AMA: I Have Been Prescribed Adderall and Vyvanse for 4 years
I deliver for DoorDash. AMA
I won't reply to anything you ask, AMA
I’m better than you, AMA
I slighty drunk, 33F... ask me anything, ANYTHING.... and I will answer
Yesterday(3/15) I had birthday. AMA
I like lemons. Ama (also I'm bored)
I don’t have an internal monologue, ask me anything.
I work in a dog kennel. AMA.
Sorry for being basic but I really want to post in r/memes
I'm an identical twin. AMA.
I just got high off an edible for the first time. AMA!
I recently tested positive for Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)
I just had a dream in which I was a psychotic killer. AMA
I am currently existing. Ask me anything.
I’ve been almost continuously drunk since last Tuesday. AMA!
I’m dating my high school teacher- ama
14 year old white girl who actually has anxiety and depression. AMA
Question for girls (or guys)
I go to an online school, AMA!
I go to an online school, ANA!
I'm a Serial Cheater who is engaged. AMA
I used to be a severe alcoholic AMA
I’m a white teenager (American) living in India, AMA!
are you bored this quarantine? Do this.
Im in home quarantine for COVID19 with my boyfriend and we might break up. AMA
I find elf/pointy ears attractive AMA
ama
I could easily roast the shit out of you, AMA
AMA. Once i respond edit the question to make me look crazy
I’ve seen every episode of family guy AMA
I'm a professional speedcuber. AMA
I’m cooler than you, AMA
Sorry for being basic but I need 500 comment karma to be able to post in randomkindess. Ama
[19F] My college closed because of the Corona Virus AMA
I was born and live in Brazil. AMA.
I’m a Ronald McDonald clown AMA
I live in Iowa and my school was just shut down. AMA
I’m about to emotionally break this girl who wants to talk to me, AMA
Guy with two cats, and they are okay. AMA
I’m a 22 year old hairstylist AMA!
I didn't know my mom and her sister were twins until I was 10. AMA
I’m a privileged white teenage girl, living in the richest county in the US - AMA
I live in the U.S. and my school was just shut down. AMA
Random Australian AMA
I am disconnected with a variety of my emotions, AMA.
Hey Reddit! I'm a bear. AMA
I have been trolling for 16 years minus being in prison ama
Married a Canadian after 4 years of long distance and a second grade teacher, AMA
Self hating trans-woman. AMA.
My country just get the first coronavirus patient and everyone is in panic, AMA
I will answer all questions.
I’m an RA (resident assistant) still working for a college campus that has been shut down due to the Corna Virus, AMA
I will not answer your question. AMA
I'm second day in reddit. AMA.
I work in the food industry in Ohio and have been laid off due to COVID-19. AMA
My country declared the state of emergency today AMA
I live in Canada 🇨🇦 AMA
I work as an Uber Eats driver to make ends meet. AMA.
Emergency room nurse/Educator AMA
The band I’m in is making progress! AMA
It's 3 AM, the government beg us to Stay at home during the Covid-19 outbreak, AMA
I’m a teenager going to a crowded coastline for spring break. AMA
I'll find a positive side to any awful things you ask me, AMA
I like bath and body works.............a lot AMA
I’m feeling pretty lonely... AMA
I play Viola one of the most oppressed instruments AMA
I’m stuck in the US and was supposed to be finishing my year abroad in Germany but can’t anymore. AMA
Retail worker in a health food store in the US. Ask me anything.
I’m confined in France due to the coronavirus outbreak, AMA
I'm a 15 year old producer, AMA
I'm a trans man...AMA!
I live next to Time Square in Manhattan, today I almost got jumped after leaving the pharmacy store with a roll of TP (I really needed some), AMA
I(M18) am a FWB for a F/F relationship AMA
For everyone who has never lived in a bad neighborhood AMA
I am a clinical lab scientist in a hospital during the COVID-19 pandemic, AMA
Currently having a anxiety attack laying in my(18M) crying until my girlfriend comes over. AMA to keep the thoughts away
I work in a grocery store during the coronavirus pandemic, AMA.
I’m a Job Corps Student being Quarantined to my center, AMA
I fled the United States and just renounced my citizenship -AMA
I'm sick. Ama
My car just got stolen. Ama
School is Cancelled Due To Covid-19, AMA.
I am a 20 year old Marine tank crewman, AMA.
I’m a guy with the answer to your problems. Every. Problem, AMA!
I was born and raised in Iran, went to a strict Islamic school for 7 years, won the US Green Card lottery, left school and moved to the US alone when I was 19 (6 years ago). AMA!
IAMA flight attendant. Hopefully I'm still a flight attendant next month. Aske me whatever.
My country declared the state of emergency today AMA
I work at a grocery store as a order writer. AMA
im living in a shutdown city of 2 million AMA
I play paintball....but im 14. AMA
I’m high as shit and my girlfriend left me for my friend, AMA
I work at events AMA
Hey Reddit! I'm some guy. Ask me anything.
Hi, I’m a successful student with an ego I’m trying to rid my self of. AMA
Drunk and just took 15+ sleep aids AMA
Born and raised in Metro Detroit. AMA
I will answer any question honestly, and will not ignore any questions. AMA
For four years I've worked for right-wing, Catholic Church-related radio station in Poland. AMA
I'm half a year old on Reddit today,AMA
I'm a worker at a large grocery store chain. AMA.
I love my girlfriend with all of my heart and our relationship isn’t toxic. AMA about our relationship
Day by day diary - 4 days in COVID-19 in Toronto, AMA
I have a deep rooted hatred of government and want to kill all those who ever wronged me. AMA
I’m a West Virginian currently in the only state in the US without the coronavirus. Ask me anything.
I'm 36F and like much younger guys
Just got back from breaking Coronavirus curfew - AMA
My work just closed because of covid and I work at a casino AMA
My biological father was and abusive, drug abusing, drunk. AMA
I’m an American college student that has decided to travel during the COVID-19 pandemic. AMA.
it’s my first cake day. ask me anything
I’m a 911 dispatcher, AMA
I forgot I ate mushrooms before I took a nap and I just woke up tripping AMA
My city is in a lockdown AMA
I'm Italian. AMA
My household and myself are developing coronavirus symptoms and I’m struggling to sleep. AMA
I Am A sports reporter with no sports to report on. Ask me anything
I have Athsma
I'm sadistic ama
I am currently living in the third day of the lockdown in Madrid, Spain AMA
I am a 20 (M) who has had 9 official girlfriends throughout my whole life but I am still a virgin. AMA!
I am a domestic abuse survivor, AMA.
I have vitiligo, AMA.
Getting a tattoo blasted on my ankle right now AMA
I’m a redditor, AMA
I am 13 and from Dublin,Ireland AMA
I went from brunette to blonde and ppl are nicer AMA
My brother is pretty much bullying me at home and I hate him. AMA
My parents believe the coronavirus is all an elaborate hoax to get Trump out of office, AMA
I have 12 siblings and 9 of them are LGBT AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I have abandonment issues and reject people before they can reject me. AMA
I feel bored AMA
I’m a cop (repost) /AMA
I live in Paris, which is shutting down, AMA!
I’m a parlour sex worker and onlyfans content creator. AMA .
Recently found a new passion in cooking and now I'm on my way to join a culinary school, AMA!
I had a beautiful childhood, AMA
I’m a Republican watching the democratic debate AMA
I’m having a hard time bending my right arm. AMA
I have Xanthophobia (afraid of the color yellow) AMA
I'm a Bollywood singer who has sung the blockbuster songs of srk and more Im currently at new york so US time and I have a net worth of 50 Million Dollars I did one film which flopped really bad had Akshay Kumar in it.
Middle school science teacher, AMA
I have three nipples AMA
My school just got cancelled because of the coronavirus AMA
Me and my husband are full time grocery store workers in the coronavirus panic. AMA
I am a female who's into DDLG/mommy/daddy kink, AMA!
I am a guy who beat down a dirty cop.
I’m currently buzzed from red wine doing homework questioning my sanity AMA
(AMA) I have the so called COVID-19 aka. Corona-Virus
I have BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder) AMA!
Seasonal Worker living in Winter Park CO AMA
I’m drunk and it’s my birthday. AMA
I had a manic episode last year. (Ama)
I am the son of a German billionaire, AMA!
I own a quite successful car repair garage, AMA.
I’m playing truth or dare with a hot girl I have a crush on
I’m paranoid I may have COVID-19, AMA!
I am M and had a F+ with my hot roommate (F) but have mostly said no when she asked for Sex. AMA
heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy my turtle fucked my mom on the ass AMA
I left an abusive relationship when I was 15. AMA.
I’m bored ama
I'm a pizza delivery guy, AMA !
i do not like my mother , ama :)
I live in Seattle and signed the paper work to buy a house the same day the market started dropping ama
I used to make reservations for Parks Canada and Ontario Parks... Ask Me Anything
I (20F) consensually lost my virginity at 13, to a boy I knew for three days, and do not regret it to this day, AMA.
Im immuno-suppressed, my parents put me on lockdown due to Covid-19 AMA (16, F)
Chilling on amphetamine and feeling chatty but lonely ama
I am a world renowned stand up comedian and NASA engineer, AMA.
I am a 16 year old psychiatric patient. Ask me anything.
I am a Sociopath AMA
Today is the first day of lockdown in Spain because of COVID 19 (AMA)
I am an American student who was repatriated back to Chicago, USA from Madrid, Spain last night. AMA.
6 weeks ago I was in China. Now I'm in the USA. I've seen both responses to Covid19 firsthand. AMA.
im 13 AMA
I'm one of the many college students affected by University closures, I'm isolated from my friends and very bored and lonely since I had to go back to my home state. AMA.
I have schizophrenia...... A.M.A
I live near Heinsberg, the City in Germany with the most COVID-19 infections. AMA
I`m from Serbia,which is now in the state of an emergency and in lockdown,AMA
I have a cold, AMA
I'm a creepypasta writer- AMA
I have 5 face tattoos! AMA!
Discord AMA with Chris Grace (Jerry from Superstore)
I was adopted, my mom never married, and I don’t have a father. AMA
(F20s) I've been extremely unlikable since early childhood. AMA
I’m a female AMA (No filter) (Yes I’ll show you my toes)
I work in fast food and our restaurant is not shutting down for COVID-19. AMA
I'm on a teens program in a hospital with a COVID-19 patient
19 year old female | I am obsessed with dating homeless guys AMA
I have kind of an immunity to cold, AMA
Discord AMA with Chris Grace (Jerry from Superstore)
I am a rich child, AMA
I have no girlfriend and I’m in high school ama
AMA mental health edition
I Have Been Unfairly Banned From r/AskReddit, AMA.
I have no joint in my right thumb. AMA
AMA Finally happened, I have friction burns on my bum cheeks from too much toilet roll usage and a skin condition on my hands from over use of alcohol based hand sanitizer
My school is closed because of corona but I got a part of my school to teach via discord. AMA
ama but then edit your question so you meke me look like a psycho
I lost one of my testicles
I texted my Ex today, AMA
My Reddit age is exactly 100 today AMA
I'm a clinical psychologist (in training) in Canada. AMA!
I am a transgender male, AMA!
I am an Argentine teenager whose classes have just been suspended in their country thanks to COVID-19 AMA
I am one of the 60 people in India who have the coronavirus. AMA.
I married my soul mate after 12 years together. AMA.
(20f) I'm a furry, otherkin, witch, a part of vulture culture, and have peculiar fetishes. AMA
I'm 13 on reddit AMA
I'm bald gal with scars on face. AMA
I don’t have Covid-19. AMA
I will not answer your question. AMA
Chilling alone in a coffee shop AMA
i live in sweden, and our public health authority and goverment are letting us down, ama
Am I doing this right? Any advice for a 23 year old?
I'm the creator of The Story of Lutum or Homo-Parkus spec evo project. ask me anything
I live in the netherlands. the goverment just declared national emergency AMA
I'm a student therapist, and we're about to move all our sessions to online therapy due to COVID-19. AMA.
Positive for Covid-19
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
I have ~130 undergraduate essays to grade before midnight. AMA.
I am a Walmart stocker working overtime to catch up on everyone hoarding stuff AMA
Total lockdown has just been announced! I live in the quarantine zone now in europe. Ask me anything about life here in the quarantine zone in a big northern european city. AMA
My county's deputy health minister just tweeted "there is 1% chance of getting corona virus but 100% chance we will die anytime, we should just surrender to GOD." AMA
Astrophysics has consumed my mind. AMA
I am a suicide survivor. (I was ten at the time I am now twenty one. AMA)
I only ate grapefruits for 15 years
All major universities in my area had announced closure due to covid 19 except my university LOL. AMA
My university just made all classes for the rest of the semester online, AMA
Ama
I realized that the flour we've been buying for the past decade is gluten free. AMA lol
I survived the h1n1 illness and outbreak from 2014. AMA.
I AM A QuiRky 14 yEAr Old gIrl. I Am noT like OTHeR GIRLs cAUse i Like tO plAY video gAMES uWU so qUIRkY. GiVe mE ATteNTIoN. AMA
Just took the meanest shit of my life AMA
15, caught corona virus,uk
Covid19 is starting to technically shut my school down
I’m a school teacher in NY whose school has not yet been shut down. AMA
I was a former Rockstar Games employee from 2007-2015 AMA
I masturbate to pics and videos of famous female celebrities almost all day every day. AMA
I'm a young genius, who will probably go nowhere in life, AMA!
I have 5 dogs AMA
I am a diagnosed Psycopath. AMA
Teaching English in Vietnam
I’m a woman that loves Reddit. AMA
I'm German
I am under lockdown from the coronavirus. Someone on my street has it now. AMA
I'm an American stuck in the UK during the outbreak AMA
Im Stuck in Morroco due to Cov. 19 - AMA
I'm a teen living in England. AMA.
My school just got closed for the next couple of weeks because of Corona and I’m bored, AMA
I am Italian (Rome) and also operator of the Italian Red Cross. AMA.
Just walked through a pretty crowded Zürich main station and only saw two people with face masks. Covid-19 is a thing here, so I might die within the next three minutes. AMA
I just left my card in my jeans, and now those jeans are in the washing machine being washed. AMA.
21yo M with coronavirus (COVID-19). AMA
You give answer. I will reply thru questions. Answer Me Anything.
I’m only attracted to trans women AMA
Kenya Corona virus - three confirmed cases, schools closed, courts proceedings postponed
(18F) I have two entirely separate boyfriends. One (18M) is for cuddling and hanging out, the other (34F) is for dating and having sex. AMA
(18F) I have two entirely separate boyfriends. One (18M) is for cuddling and hanging out, the other (34F) is for dating and having sex
I’m the son of a terrible father who has done steroids, has a brain tumor, immune system is bad, he has ptsd and is a very bad person.
Former Neo Nazi/White Nationalist
My country just went into lockdown for three weeks. AMA
What at-home skill can I learn during a two-week quarantine?
i’m a beginner webcam model. AMA
I am currently working even though my city is supposed to self quarantine, AMA
My parents just told me and my siblings that they're separating. AMA
I have been working from home for years due to a neurological issue. AMA
I just got laid off because of Coronavirus AMA
I was molested for a couple years as a little child - ASK ME ANYTHING
I’m a MAP. AMA
I am NOT anxious and I am NOT depressed
AMA and I’ll reply as fast as I can! (Warning : very fast)
I've been passively provoking people for fun since I was 6 - AMA
Just got friendzoned, AMA.
I’m a student journalist in Washington State, the epicenter of where where COVID-19 is in the U.S. I’m a senior in college and my classes have been moved online next quarter. I had to cancel my final spring break trip bc of the virus. I have two parrots. AMA.
I have a racist, homophobic, anti-vaxx, flat earther father. AMA
I am living in a country where there's not a single case of covid-19 (yet?). AMA
Skipping a family party AMA
Being aroused by taboo things AMA
My school got shut down for 3 weeks because of coronavirus. Teachers are sending online assignment instead. AMA
I stock the shelves in a grocery store. AMA
I have been doing Doctor-by-Text for over two years now. AMA.
I Have Dacryphilia AMA
My mom is working in the only hospital in my city and we live next to my grandparents.Im desperate for advice and im really anxious.I havent slept for days!I need a coping method to not get anxiety attacks
Im living in the YMCA building, AMA
I am a 12-year old kid on Reddit. Ask Me Anything
I am in one of the countries where coronavirus is everywhere AMA
I am living in lockdown in the uk AMA
I like the smell of Lowes AMA
I work at Target, our shelves are empty, and all my department and surrounding department co workers called in. AMA!
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
Due to the CONVID-19, schools, some workplaces and events are canceled but not my workplace. I work in a cookie factory as a packer so unfortunately I have to still work, AMA
I work throughout a major hospital with coronavirus patients in Michigan AMA
I havent played videogames since i was 7 years old. AMA
It's my Cake Day! AMA
ADHD!
AMA but edit your question after I answer so I look like a jerk
If there was an apocalypse who would you have with you and why?
What kind of question do i post so i can get passed here ?AMA
My cake day is tomorrow. AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
It's my cake day and I'm a bit bored! AMA
I know all forbidden knowledge ama
I’m a college student inside the Metro Manila (capital of the philippines) lockdown due to COVID 19. AMA
I own 12 dogs and 20+cats / AMA
13 yo fat Irish smoker
I’m an American nurse taking care of coronavirus patients. AMA.
We are a Spaniard and American living in Madrid under state of emergency. AMA!
I have been awake for more than 45+ hours, Ask me anything
I have pooped every day in 2020 and up to 4 times in one day AMA
Five months ago I went through a psychological trauma, now I can't feel negative emotions anymore. AMA
I have been an active Klansman for 3.5 years and have participated in a lynching. AMA
hey im new to reddit but umm basically i can tell interesting stuff so basically umm my turtle bit my shoe and tried to sex it, thats all tho, AMA
I live in the Overdose Capital of America, we even had a Netflix documentary! Ask Me Anything!
i live in Croatia AMA
AMA! Sitting on the ledge of the window because the cool air is nice (lvl 3)
I'm a Mexican American(27M) in 5 year ongoing long distance relationship with a Russian Israeli(25F) AMA!
I'm an autistic legal minor, AMA
I’m the Regina George at my middle school. The Queen Bee. AMA
I have coronavirus... young and healthy, AMA
I'm a 16 yo israeli teen currently quarantined at home. AMA
I smoked too much weed before going to sleep and forgot to vent the room..when i woke up i couldnt breath properly and i thought i have coronavirus.AMA
I smoked too much weed in my room before going to sleep and forgot to vent it..when i woke up i couldnt breath properly and i thought i have coronavirus.AMA
I’m a Californian university student with confirmed COVID-19 cases in both my school and home county. I’m basically banned from coming home. AMA
Spaniard living "state of emergency" in Madrid. AMA
i had a meme youtube account on the rise with 285 thousand views and growing subscriber rate at 13 then stopped AMA.
I am a dancer: AMA
I will answer like im retarded
I have synesthesia- AMA
I drink warm water, AMA
I feel sick AMA
I’m a reddit troll ask me anything
My family is a karen.
Just flew from Paris to Italy AMA.
I am a WWE Superstar.... Ask me Anything
I keep a list of every person I have kissed on the mouth, made out with, or had sexual activity with. AMA.
Ask me anything...
I Live in Italy, and i'm sure you know that the situation with Coronavirus here is really bad. We're locked in hour homes and we can't do much. AMA (sorry for bad English)
I am an 18 year old Indian Engineering student. Ask me anything.
I'm 13 and have 2 girlfriends, both of them accidental, AMA.
7 years later, I ran into and fucked my highschool unrequited crush. AMA
I'm 20 and just started as a travel agent AMA
I’m from Scotland &amp; i am currently volunteering at the LWHC, Kenya for 3 months. AMA
I'm Korean living in South Korea. Ask me about Coronavirus.
Yesterday I tested positive for Covid 19 . AMA
I disagree with and have an argument against everything you say
I am a supermarket cashier. I worked until 430am three days ago, a 14-hour shift two days ago, and a 9h45m shift yesterday. AMA
Yesterday I had to put down my dog. AMA.
I'm a Hong Kong citizen living with the crisis of the virus in Hong kong is at it's largest.Ask me anything.
Coronavirus made the place I work at lose all business, and now I'm out of work AMA
I might have coronavirus
I live in the Quarantine Zone in the Philippines because of COVID-19. AMA
I've been aware of 2020 being the year SHTF since 2012. I want Paradise, World Peace, and Know How to Have it NOW! I know the exact plans of the Globalist NWO because I'm schooled in their beliefs, and I am a generation removed from them. AMA
You know what this is. AMA
All the emojis on my phone are the same AMA
I live in London, UK and have been diagnosed with Corona Virus (COVID-19), Ask Me Anything
16 year old in Ireland during the shutdown of schools because of Coronavirus. AMA.
I used to work for a car insurance company ama
I volunteer in a childrenshome in Israel, close to The Gazastrip. AMA
All my flatmates just moved out, maybe till the end of the rent!
I was homeschooled in high school, and taught myself every subject. AMA.
I had depression, the one that won't let u get out of bed. AMA
I am a young man serving my mandatory military service in Cyprus. AMA
I take sexy naked picture of girls as a hobby for fun. AMA
I am brutally honest. Ask me anything.
I am brutally honest. Ask me anything.
I’m awake bc I’m out of weed and I’m probably bipolar and gonnaget manic last time this happened my Shrink called the cops on me ama
I'm on a plane without a mask right now. AMA
I'm currently volounteering as an emt in Florence, Italy, the situation isn't the best over here, AMA!
I’m a soldier participating in the military exercise Cold Response 20 which got cancelled due to the Corona-virus. AMA
I get pneumonia when I got a common flu so I def die of Corona hits me AMA!
My mom found me memes ama
My girlfriend has secretly been reading my throwaway account for the past year. She just told me now. I’ve posted some very juicy and secretive things. She’s “accepted” me for who I am. I’m so shook. AMA
I’m a homeless outreach worker in Los Angeles. AMA
I work at the sewage plant. AMA.
Ask me anything
I am a furry, ask me anything
I work at a grocery store amidst the coronavirus hysteria and we made just under $1,000,000 in two nights, AMA
Not sure if I have the flu or the plague. AMA
I am a part of a high school all girl soul band that goes on a tour in Europe roughly every years. AMA
I’m sick of hearing about COVID-19.... AMA!
I’m about 7hrs into the most intense shroom trip of my life and it’s not showing signs of going away any time soon AMA
I am a graduating senior in college whose school will be transferring to remote learning after spring break (because of COVID-19). AMA
I am a psychonaut who experienced ego death, ask me anything
Ask me anything
Dear Reddit. I’m a diagnosed psychopath. AMA.
My mom makes house-calls to extremely misbehaved and/or mentally ill kids under the age of 12. She's like the real life Supernanny. Some of the stories she comes home with are nuts. Ask me anything.
I can't breathe right now. Ask me anything.
I just got 3 youtube ads in a row... ask me anything
I've been at home for 40 hours, AMA
Just turned 18 and I'm fucked up. AMA
I’m an American here who has been stocking up on ammunition, gasoline and I commenced a self imposed boot camp in preparation for the pandemic and aftermath. AMA
I started taking Testosterone Injections a week ago, AMA?
I am a 15 year-old, Cantonese, Mormon, and international school student living in Hong Kong. AMA
Hi, I suffer from anxiety, obsessive compulsions, and auditory hallucinations. If you've ever wanted to ask something about mental illness and/or its various treatments but have been afraid to, you can ask me.
Im 16 and I'm probably gonna end it
I'm in a militia that is currently activated against Coronavirus - AMA!
I lived in a mental hospital. AMA.
I am an American traveling back to Italy tomorrow. AMA.
I'm a combat soldier in the Nachal Brigade of the IDF,ask me anything
I'm a Victim of Child abuse and have PTSD from it ask me anything
I have an IQ of 173, ask me anything.
Tested positive AMA
I am a 16 yr old who had appendicitis, and then had appendix ruptured, AMA
I will answer all questions as a cartoon supervillain. AMA
My mother is Anti-Vaxx. I have no vaccines in me. AMA!
Used to get high on gasonline often. Ama.
I Have Never Been Sick (30 Years) AMA
I've wanted to be a pornstar since I was 14 years old. AMA! ❤
I am considered a “professional parkour athlete” AMA
I’m at ihop at midnight in a CV-19 heavy locale. AMA
AMA Requests?
i’m a senior in high school and my school is closed for a month because of the corona virus. ask me anything.
Adopted from China, currently living in the US AMA
My wife and I brought my daughter (9mo) into the ER with a high fever and they kicked me out to the literal curb. AMA
I'm a teenager living amidst the Corona Virus Pandemic. Ask Me Anything.
I have Ordinal-linguistic personification, a form of synesthesia.
i have multiple personalities, AMA pt. 2
My dad just got tested for COVID-19 ama!
My school just got shutdown because of the Corona Virus. AMA
I (18M) am a rape fetishist. AMA
I'm allergic to almost every antibiotic ever. AMA
I (20f) am otherkin, AMA
I'm a middle schooler living in Pennsylvania who's school just got closed down for two weeks. AMA
I was raped when I was 10. AMA
I once ripped a man's jaw off for saying the word "hopscotch" AMA
i will support trump if bernie isn’t the nominee. ama
I recently told me GF I am into BDSM AMA...
Middle school teacher
I believe otherkin are stupid and fake. Ama
It’s 4 am and I’m self studying Japanese, AMA
[Los Angeles] I have 2 rolls of toilet paper left and can't find any at my local stores due to the COVID-19 panic. AMA.
I’m a cart pusher at Walmart during this whole coronavirus scare. AMA
I got COVID-19 without realizing it AMA
Belly butten pungent oder💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦
I ignore quarantine - AMA
I’m a teenager. Ama
AMA and I'll respond with song lyrics
I'm a masochist. AMA
Well, I'm in Washington state..the epicenter of USA.. and I work in a detox.. AMA
I have a terrible taste in everything AMA
I am a homeless female AMA
I am an Israeli who remains calm as the country prepares to go into a full on lockdown and curfew to prevent the spread of COVID-19. AMA
I discovered that I have super human hearing that allows me to focus on one thing, everything else will be as if it isn't there. AMA
its my cake day, AMA!
Our school shut down for 5 weeks and my friend just asked me to meet up with all of our friends (it’s like 8 people). AMA
I feel as if my head is always geared towards solving problems and fixing stuff, i want to help everyone i can so AMA
Google Chrome just randomly deleted 5 years worth of tabs off my phone and I'm not sure how I feel about it. AMA
I received my first “Happy Ending” massage today, after extensive research and convincing myself. It was amazing.. AMA
I'm a little with a Daddy 💖💕 AMA
I was in a real school shooting, but didn’t know it wasn’t as bad 3 hours after it was concluded
I’m into older women (usually in middle age), AMA
I went to Costco today because I was too curious what it would be like, ama
I'm a paranoid schizophrenic, AMA!
I am bored its 7:55 pm rn, AMA
I used to be a Suites Manager for a major North American sports &amp; entertainment venue AMA
My ex cheated on with my best friend
I‘m a Muslim. Ask me EVERYTHING. [AMA]
I think the coronavirus is fantastic ama
I know all about the Wuhan Flu. AMA!
I am a Store Manager at a major grocery store in the US. AMA
Firefighter/Paramedic on duty right now. AMA
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I lost a reddit follower. I had 15, now i only have 14. AMA!
I received my first “Happy Ending” massage today, from an Asian women, amidst the coronavirus hysteria.. AMA
Currently In relationships with three woman ama
I'm going to read that in the morning because I'm going to sleep. AMA (for a good morning)
I Am A Carpatho-Rusyn. Ask Me Anything.
I probably have COVID-19. AMA
I am the manager of the liquor store attached to a Costco! AMA about these crazy times!
I am 25 years old and married. I want to take away the fear of marriage [AMA]
I'm from Europe and haven't used toilet paper in years AMA!
Im literally a normal redditor, nothing interesting, and kinda young. ask me anything
I'm a zoophile, ama ζ
My last roll toiletpaper on saturday, guess what: there is no more toiletpaper in my WHOLE city! [AMA]
I had a pet skunk, AMA
Ama and I will put a response that doesn’t answer the question.
AMA US study abroad student in Germany who is being forced to come back to America
I was diagnosed with covid 19 and was in quarantine for 2 weeks AMA
I am a regular ol' dude. AMA
I am on quarentene on Spain AMA
Im (15m) going skydiving in 3 days for a late birthday present. AMA
I come from an incredibly fucked up rural high school heres a list of things that happened AMA
I'm Asian living in NYC, with an insane conspiracy theorist dad, no sustainable food left in my house and my school hasn't closed yet, AMA!
I had a weed induced psychosis twice. AMA
I had a weed induced psychosis twice. AMA
I’m deathly allergic to all dairy, nut, seafood, and egg products as well as slightly allergic to most fruits. AMA
Teenage Psychopath
Cororna virus has been confirmed in the county I live on ask me anything
Medical student from Poland. Just ask me questions, i'm bored.
I've decided to finally finish highschool and become a herpetologist. AMA.
NURSING HOME ADMINISTRATOR
Last time I posted an AMAs was four years ago, with nudes included, that then my best friend found and started answering anonymously.
Can't draw or animate but decided to try to make a garbage YouTube cartoon by myself anyways. AMA
Can't draw or animate but decided to try to make a garbage YouTube cartoon anyways. AMA
I just got a snake, AMA
I’m currently in charge of disinfecting everything, making sure my cat and father stay safe, and taking care of myself, while all my father does is play video games and fall asleep forgetting he took off his underwear. AMA.
In the space of three years I have experienced the death of seven friends and affiliates to street violence AMA
Just lost my virginity. AMA
I am a Nursing Home Administrator responsible for 100 residents who are not allowed to see their loved ones AMA
Just got dumped by my girlfriend of 6 months AMA
I just moved into an apartment and because of the COVID-19 freak out, I officially have no toilet paper! AMA!
I’m a Personnel Security expert with twenty years experience regarding all types of Security Clearances across all agencies. AMA
I have severe OCD, AMA
I am a programmer going to highschool living in Germany. AMA
I don’t use body language to express feelings, AMA
I bought 300 rolls of toilet paper in preperation for covid-19. Ama.
I cannot differentiate between certain emotions..AMA!
I just got out of a long term open relationship, AMA
I have Borderline Personality Disorder. AMA.
I live in Sevastopol, the most secured city in the world... ama
I’m a high functioning Autistic! (ASD 1) AMA!!
I haven’t checked how fast I can type since 6th grade. I recently tested it and I can still type 100wpm AMA!
Due to the threat of coronavirus my school has closed until April 14th. AMA.
I'm in quarantine AMA
Ask me questions
I’m drunk
I am sexually attracted to canines, ama
I am a man with two penises. AMA
I'm from Switzerland (speaking swiss german). Ama
My state (NC) just issued an executive order of no school for 2 weeks due to coronavirus concerns. AMA
A worker of the RSS, AMA!
I am a mexican highschooler who's school just got quarantined because of Coronavirus, Ask me anything!
I went to walmart and saw like 13 people panic buying because of COVID-19
I love dog dick, ama
Paramedic/ED nurse/radio ham/prepper. AmA!
An ambulance has brought me into a busy london A&amp;E Majors with possible Covid-19 &amp; a UTI. It is incredibly creepy. Hearing the and seeing the panic behind the seams. Ask me anything
Today I bought an olive tree/sapling, AMA
I was groomed online between the ages of 13 and 15, AMA
AMA Request: Someone currently inflicted with or recovering from Covid-19. [serious]
I used to be a drug dealer. AMA.
I’M FROM IRAN ASK ANYTHING
I work at a trampoline park. AMA.
AMA and I’ll answer like a wacky super villain.
I‘m 15 and lost over 2000€ with stocks last december/January. AMA
I work in a 24 hour luxury doggy daycare and boarding, AMA.
Sitting alone at home on my sofa.AMA
I am asexual AMA
I ran into a pedophile (took place online)
Edit your comment to make my post sound gay
I have been given an atomic wedgie and a hanging wedgie (AMA)
I am a normal person with no reason to be posting here AMA
Im a girl. Ask me anything
I'm just some guy. Ask me anything.
ＯＦＦＩＣＩＡＬ ＥＭＩＮＥＭ ＡＭＡ - Ask away, ask anything!
I have SURVIVED a diagnosed COVID-19. AMA
I deliberately don't wash my penis because I kind of like the smell! AMA
I am a student in Seattle who now has 6 weeks off due to corona virus
I'm going to say the N WORD AMA
I made a YouTube video answering previous a AMA, check it out ? AMA inception ?
I'm a transgender man. My regular friend group consists of a non-binary person, 3 trans men (including myself), and a bisexual woman. Ask me anything
I'm a diaper lover. I wear diapers 24/7 by choice. AMA
George Lucas ruined my childhood AMA
My father was a good friend of Robert Kardashian AMA
I [18F] have two boyfriends, one [18M] for hanging out and the other [34M] for sex, AMA
I just found toilet paper at Wal-Mart ama
I was conceived and raised to be a lust object for adults. AMA
I have a fever and a dry cough, thinking of going to walmart to buy another 200 rolls and cough at old people ama
My schools shut down for coronavirus AMA
I Own Two Chinchillas (Grey And Dirty White) AMA
AMA and edit your question to make my response sound perverted.
I was full time homeschooled until middle school ama
I experienced The Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon,AMA
I’m an aspiring artist, ask me anything!
AMA as long as it gas nothing to do with corona virus. I will answer with complete and total honesty.
I can outsell any salesman, and close multimillion dollar accounts and on one cold call. AMA or ask me how! Free advice for you sales reps out there. I sell multimillion corporate debt to negotiation companies.
today i am 18 and trying to get money so i can celebrate. im selling pics on snapchat. AMA!
I’m a bigot. AMA!
I am a band kid AMA
My wife just cut my daughter's hair and it's so bad I don't even want to look at either of them For fear of making them feel bad.AMA
I’m a bagger at a grocery store during the insane influx of people sticking up on everything AMA
My Coronavirus closed because of school, AMA
I am allergic to the humidity changing AMA
Just had a vicious nosebleed, AMA
I live in Northern Italy, the whole country is on total lockdown because of Coronavirus. AMA
My Lynn English high school closed for 2 weeks due to the coronavirus AMA
US 2020 Census Warning from Insider - AMA
I had close contact with 2 COVID-19 positive assholes, who thought it would be a good idea to come to work. AMA.
My dad left me when I was 3 and died today AMA
I had a chance to play professional football before getting injured and getting dropped AMA
I am a boomer who raised an entitled millennial AMA
Straight dudes of Reddit- why are you straight??
I just tested positive for COVID-19. AMA.
I'm a manager at a popular grocery store. AMA
i’m a US citizen returning from europe and trapped at the airport for 9 hours now AMA!
I have put myself in quarantine after showing Covid-19 signs. Government won’t test me, in Sweden. AMA
I'm a mentally insane bipolar retarded moron who bought waay too much toilet paper and hand sanitizer cuz some other retarded morons were doing it. AMA
I’m eleven ask me anything don’t snitch aight.
I was in a real lockdown but I didn’t know it wasn’t as serious until 3 hours afterwords AMA
New vaccine for coronavirus
I skipped the whole fetal stage when I was a baby, AMA
I bought a pizza for Pi day AMA
I'm a 13yo that doesn't like TikTok, AMA
i am a beginner webcam model. ama
I'm italian and i live in most infected area of all italy. AMA
I just got back from Ireland. Everybody over there is drunk all the time. Also, all they eat are boiled potatoes and Lucky Charms. Each family eats about three or four boxes of Lucky Charms a week and they put Guinness on them instead of milk. It's fuckin nuts over there. AMA
I will literally not reply to your question. AMA
My dad tested positive for COVID-19. Ask Me Anything.
I might be the only person on this thread not talking about coronavirus, AMA.
I am an infectious disease expert and trained virologist at the University of Colorado Boulder. I am also developing a medical diagnostic to aid in disease surveillance for coronavirus. AMA
I have coronavirus and i'm not going to report it AMA
I just went shopping at Walmart. And didn’t sanitize the handle of my cart. And licked said handle on a dare. AMA
I have Aspergers, AKA mild autism. Ask me anything!
I might be the only person on this tread not talking about coronavirus, AMA.
Highschool shut down due to COVID-19 and we are continuing all our courses online (Distance Learning), AMA
In COVID-19 coronavirus self-isolation in Lisbon, Portugal AMA
I'm a public school teacher in Ohio. AMA about how schools are handling Covid-19.
Me (M 13) and my family have just gone into a 3-4 week complete isolation due to the corona virus. AMA
I just got back from Ireland. Everybody over there is drunk all the time. They get drunk and fight. Also, all they eat are boiled potatoes and Lucky Charms. Each family eats about three or four boxes of Lucky Charms a week. It's fuckin nuts over there. AMA
I’m an American and as everyone has went to scramble to buy enough groceries for the apocalypse, I bought enough weed for the apocalypse. AMA
I accidently kicked my balls, AMA
I just got leg surgery, I am also paralyzed from the waist down, AMA
My dad is immune suppressed during COVID-19, AMA
i just cut my own hair AMA
Im a front end cashier dealing with panic and rage of customers. please god kill me. AMA
I was raised in a very religious household. I've been an atheist for the last 19yrs. AMA
We've got no bread left at home bc stores don't have any, AMA!
I'm a West Virginian. I'm in the only us state to have no confirmed cases of Covid-19 (As of 3/14/20 1:34pm) AMA.
Everyone in my class are panicked without me. AMA
My asian friend got bullied at school thursday because people pointed at her, saying “She has the Coronavirus!!” out loud. She’s been isolated in her house for the next two weeks. AMA
[AMA] We are the Beyond Skyrim Project, a modding team that aims to bring the entirety of Tamriel to Skyrim, Ask Us Anything!
Ask me anything and I'll answer with a quote from someone!
I stocked up heavily on toilet paper. AMA
My homie just downed a whole .4 glas of vodka, ask him anything
I work grocery in California AMA!
why cant they keep the toilet paper in stock me and my husband bought 1000 rolls but we need more?
I have a weak immune system AMA
I am a covert narcissist from a family full of narcissists. AMA.
Im a 16 year old living in Norway, AMA
I am living in Oregon, US and we went into emergency mode a few days ago and school was canceled. Everything is postponed and people are freaking out. We have about 30 cases here. AMA
This week I found my families old camera, being able to watch videos of me as a baby, and my relatives before I was born. AMA
I am an exchange student from Canada living in Brazil AMA
I have Casadastraphobia (Fear of falling into the sky). AMA.
I work at a grocery store during this whole corona virus panic. ama
I worked at the White House from 2004 to 2013. AMAA
It's snowing here in Portland, we are in a state of emergency, and school is out for a week. AMA
I am fluent in 2 types of Chinese AMA
I’ve just been on a mental breakdown. Ama
I have 7 rolls of toilet paper left. Please ask me anything about living on the edge!
I'm a Belgian tourist in southern Spain that has no clue how to get home when Spain goes in lockdown on Monday. AMA.
I'm a travel agent located in South America. AMA
I am a type 1 diabetic on self-quarantine after being exposed to someone who possibly has COVID-19 but can’t get tested. AMA.
Former fetus here. AMA
I'm hungry and bored ama
I am a 24 yr old Indian Girl. AMA
I'm One of "Those" So AMA :)
I've been living in self isolation for 4 years. AMA
I am russian, Ask me anything.
I am a nurse and I have been banned from my hospital due to a VERY mild fever due to the new COVID-19 protocol. AMA.
I am a random guy who lives in Italy. It's my tenth day of quarantine, AMA
I do junk removal of residential properties, AMA
‪I’m a Venezuelan expat in Spain, Bitcoin activist since 2011, founder of the educational &amp; humanitarian non-profit @btcven, I’ve been #StayTheFuckHome for almost a month now. I've been eating twice per day for the past two years, and I believe in freedom: Locha Mesh (@Locha_io). AMA!
I'm a highschool senior in a smaller town in Canada. My province just announced it's shutting schools, extracurriculars, and a bunch of events down. People are reacting and panicking. AMA
Cynophobia
Me and my husband have over 1000 rolls of toilet paper in the basement to survive corona, ama
I live in Sweden, Stockholm. AMA
I’m alive. AMA.
I am a High School JR. living in southern West Virginia. AMA
I am immune to brain freezes. AMA
I’m a 24 year old guy living in the UK. AMA
Yesterday I went to Walmart,and I only bought what I needed.Ask Me Anything!
I found a snail
Female Uber drivers
Am attractive to women after having leg breaking surgery. AMA
My first Reddit Premium is about to expire. AMA
I have a condition that makes me involuntarily throw up after every meal. AMA
My 3 year old nephew who is blind and autistic just played twinkle twinkle little star...AMA
I live in Austria. Every day there are new quarantine zones and many are in panic AMA
I'm currently working at KFC. AMA
I have a phobia against frogs. AMA
I am hungry , what should i eat at midnight ？
I'm still not convinced that Coronavirus is even dangerous. Certainly isn't as dangerous as the 2009 Swine Flu in the US. AMA.
I’m a cop (quarantine edition) /AMA
I was a hacker AMA
I'm a 911 call taker/dispatcher in NY. AMA
I'm a school portrait photographer in QLD Australia amongst the corona spread and am becoming more aware of my chance of coming into contact with corona. AMA
I'm a Founder of a CPG (food/beverage) company and an expert on food distribution AMA
My school is NOT cancelled due to the coronavirus
[Request] employees of Zoom, video conferencing app
I compete in chess tournaments, AMA
We dont use toilet papers AMA.
I just got back from a week long cruise. AMA
Me and my friend predicted our school closing also im stuck in my house for now because of Corona Virus AMA
My kids’ school got cancelled due to the coronavirus and they will now be stuck at home with me for 2 weeks. AMA
I am currently sleeping in a opel astra F AMA.
My Mom is a classic Karen. AMA
I make over $100,000 a year as a doorknocker. Ask me anything
My school got cancelled for 2 weeks because of the coronavirus. AMA
I’m a child of deaf parents living in Ireland ask me anything
I live in Nepal which is immediate neighbor to China and India but I am not worried and it is a meme to me and my friend.AMA
I am 13 and comitted an all nighter. Ama
All schools and social/sporting events have been shut down
AMA Request: Someone who is stocking toilet paper
I am a north american who went to the supermarket amidst the coronavirus panic just to buy cream cheese because i have a normal amount of everything else at home. AMA
I'm a Department Manager at a major grocery chain AMA
I’m adopted AMA
since people panicked about COVID-19 iv'e wished for the world to end AMA
I’m a normal human, AMA.
I finally had sex with someone...
I w*nk off to Pokémon. Ama
Lewd artists of reddit, what was the weirdest commission you have ever received?
Except Virus , Italy , Wuhan , US , what is hot topic ?
I've been un a toxic relationship for 6 years. We lived together all that time. Now I've been free for a year and a half.
I am a teenage Ethical Hacker AMA
I'm an American who hasn't bought any extra toilet paper AMA!
my boyfriend has coronavirus, AMA
I have a scar of a man with long legs sitting down on my finger. AMA
I am quadlingual at the age of 12 AMA
Italian in house quarantine AMA
[Request] People who have DID
I'm a 35 year old virgin, AMA.
My country is about to close down due to covid-19 AMA
I just spent a week in a mental hospital against my will. AMA
I need karma ama
(REQUEST) Someone who has studied the societal changes of the Spanish flu in 1918
I had to give a stranger the Heimlich at a restaurant last night. AMA!
I'm MtF transgender. Ask me anything you'd like.
I have Covid-19. AMA.
LIVE IN THAILAND DURING COVID 19 AMA
[Request] Hoarders of Toilet Paper. Explain yourselves.
Self-isolating from coronavirus in London AMA
I am hypersexual. AMA.
I’m a manager at a hotel in Big City, USA with a lot happening related to COVID-19. AMA
I'm baking a cake. AMA.
I hav only 177 karma ama
I pierced my ear last night AMA
I am a ginger that actuallg gets pussy. Ask me anything.
I have about 10 banned accounts in LoL AMA
NZ Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has just destroyed my entire trip AMA
I’m stocking the ER in a hospital with confirmed COVID-19 cases right now. AMA
I love posting girls
Need someone to talk to AMA
I am a classic balkan teenager. AMA
I went no contact with my entire family and moved countries, AMA
I am a high school student schooling from home due to the corona virus AMA!
I have HPPD (Hallucinogen Persisting Perception Disorder) AMA
i have corona, AMA.
Currently going through an identity crisis and video games no longer distract me from my crippling depression. Ask me anything.
5 months ago I was jumping outta airplanes as a paratrooper and felt on top of the world, now I’m getting out because I tried to kill myself 3 times. AMA
I tried to kill myself at the age of 10. AMA
I'm a young sociopath AMA
I shaved my own head yesterday and my parents aren’t speaking to me anymore. AMA
I lost 77lb, AMA.
I ate at a KFC and one of the people who served me food had the Corona Virus AMA
I'm from Alabama, ama
Is there any way to naturally increase the size of your penis? I’m desperately looking for answers, Any help at all would be appreciated. Thank you.
Grandpa used to be in the mafia, AMA
I'm out of pants. AMA
My grandpa apparently used to be in the mafia, ask me anything
cliff
I own a 400 acre fictional country - AmA
I plan on killing myself this upcoming Tuesday. AMA.
I'm a bored af South Korean. AMA
My state was one of the last 4 without the Corona Virus and now it's in the town I live in AMA
A girl and i had to cancel our 2 day weekend date cause of corona virus [AMA]
I am a student who lives in an Italy red zone of the virus. Ask me anything
I am a student who lives in an Italy red zone of the virus
I study the Jewish elite, AMA
I just had bad heartburn it felt like i was going to die AMA
The corona virus is in my city, AMA
I'm a Syrian kid from Syria. AMA
The guys that kidnapped me wrote their side of the story on Reddit AMA
I should be dead by now AMA
I’m a mental health counselor working in a local county jail and have recently begun working more with suicidal inmates... ama
I am a human.AMA
The Corona Virus has made me have OCD (germophobic to be specific), AMA!
I made 30$ at school for giving people small squirts of hand sanitizer for 2$ each AMA
I’m not allowed to google stuff anymore after I got into a fight with a pack of Gypsies over a squirrel incident.
I'm a Registered Nurse, AMA
I’ve been awake since 4.30am (uk time) due to my husband snoring. It’s now 6.30am and I’m laying awake browsing Reddit. I need to leave the house in 45 mins to be able to go food shopping at 8am cos of all the panic buyers. AMA to help pass the time.
I am an italian redditor in a lockdowned Milan, AMA
I donated one of my eggs when I was younger and now am raising my biological child as a single mother (28 y/o), AMA
I have severe OCD, AMA
My city’s public schools are open, AMA
I am currently living in semi-quarantine for coronavirus (my environment, not me personally), AMA.
I got a sugar daddy I’ve never met to send me $4,000. AMA
I’m officially under quarantine after going to a school trip to D.C because of COVID-19. AMA
I have foot fungus. Ask me anything.
Foreigner who’s grown up in Taiwan for 25+ years. AMA
I am currently in a relationship with an 103 year old woman. AMA!
There's a huge forest fire behind my house. AMA.
Ive almost drowned AMA
I have a pet rock . AMA
A kid in my school contracted COVID-19 we had to shut down the district for a month. AMA.
I grew up in The Hamptons, in New York. AMA
AmA Uni student with the corona
I have a six pack, AMA
I suffer from DID ( dissociative identity disorder) and am still finding more alters everyday.
I live in washington and in quarantine. Ama
Ive been rejected by every girl i asked out AMA
American family in quarantine awaiting testing
I’m driving 21 hours across country. AMA
I work at an American midwestern grocery store during the Coronavirus panic, AMA
26f, Pain Slut. AMA
Im a student whose classes were cut off because of COVID-19. AMA.
OK. We're talking about farts here: What adjective would you use to describe your farts: zesty, spicy, poisonous etc? I will accept your farts. I will love you for your farts. AMA
I’m also an American medical professional with the novel corona virus. AMA
I’m lonely AMA
About to go to sleep ama before I go
I have lots of TP and hand sanitizer AMA
I had Coronavirus symptoms in mid to late January AMA
i'm homeless and live in a hotel. AMA.
I'm high for the first time. AMA and I'll reply with an audio tape.
A year ago I brought plane tickets to travel to NYC and across Europe. After saving for over 2 years everything might change bc of CoVid-19 , AMA
I live in Montana which was the last state to have Covid-19
I bought the last 11 cases of toilet paper at the walmarts ama
COVID-19 Just came to my town. AMA
I’m going to welding school next fall. AMA
I am a simp AMA
I used to write fanfiction... ama.
I work filming and editing video-classes for a large university. AMA
I ran a small farmer's market in central California for 10 years. AMA!
I was born 3 months prematurely weighing 1 pound and 2 ounces. AMA
Death with the Coronavirus with 2 months already. (mental health/productivity) AMA
I'm a Spanish student who has had his classes cut short by the coronavirus, AMA
once on someone’s stream I was banned because I used a pokimane emote and the mod called me a simp AMA!
I have worked for Costco for 6 years. Yesterday was the highest sales date since my store opened. This morning was the highest door count (number of members entering the warehouse each half hour) I have ever seen. Coming into the weekend I low key fear for my well being. Ask me anything!
im going to lose my virginity tommorow AMA
I Work at a local christian thrift store on weekends AMA
Im a 11 year old,AMA
Im a 11 year old kid
I assign youth inmates to what facility they'll go too. AmA!
I just beat your girls cheeks all up in the sheets 9 days out the week sons AMA
I'm a middle school student struggling with ADD, ask me anything!
I'm an anti-vaxer of 3 happy children and believe COVID-19 is a hoax. Ask me anything
[20 F] Ever tried hypnosis?
I work in the bakery department in a grocery store AMA
17 y/o male here. Diagnosed with Coronavirus. AMA.
I'm an American that lived in a Middle-Eastern country as a kid. Ask me anything.
I live in a quarantined community because of the outbreak AMA
I work in a retirement home in mid-america and we are on Lockdown.
American girl in self-isolation, waiting for test results. AMA, I’m bored as hell.
AMA, and then edit your question to make my response extremely offensive
I’m an American that’s out of toilet paper AMA
There is no work/school in my school district for the next 2 weeks
I’m a mother to an immunocompromised baby during The Coronavirus pandemic. AMA
Im 13 yrs old, and i have Developmental Coordination Disorder(DCD)AMA
I was hospitalized for anorexia when I was 12 years old. I am 17F, almost 18 and I have relapsed again.
I am 14 and in college. AMA
I cut all contact with half my family as a teenager and have maintained it ever since. Ask me anything.
I cut all contact with half of my family and have maintained it to this day. Ask me anything.
I'm a gay guy, ama
Im someone who cannot smell and can't taste over 10000 flavors, AMA.
I am not from this Universe. AMA
I am a hoarder of Toilet Paper AMA!
My school is not shut down because of coronavirus
I have Aphantasia, and have no minds eye, AMA.
My best friend of 20yrs past away. a few weeks after his death, i used seduction techniques to seduce his wife . AMA.
I only bought 1 pack of toilet paper today. AMA
I am a live audio engineer. I pay my bills by running the sound (and sometimes lighting) at live events, lots of them with 250+ people in attendance. A lot of (probably all of) my work depends on the events that for the foreseeable future, have been cancelled. Ask me anything.
I tried to break up with the guy I've been seeing earlier but then he choked on steak and I couldn't, AMA.
AMA but after I've answered your question change the question to make me sound horrible.
Last frontier
I have 2020 karma AMA
I got an early morning job that starts at 3am. I am used to going to sleep at 3am. I currently trying to adjust, kinda sleep deprived. AMA
My school is closed until April 14th AMA
I just got fired from my serving job I've held down for over a year. AMA
I just found my birth family, AMA
I'm drunk and my food order just got an hour added to the original delivery time, AMA.
I was so paranoid that I thought our old car parked outside was someone trying to rob me. AMA
I "blackout" for several hours at a time and can't remember anything that happened after AMA.
I have a Panic Disorder and Tourette's AMA
I am a shaolin monk that now performs in a circus show, performing a solo shaolin flexibility form. Ask Me Anything
I work in a Level 2 Corrections Facility in the US. AMA
I'm a prison guard preparing for COVID-19 to make an appearance. AMA!
I play DnD and I'm the DM AMA
I was questioned in regards to a heroin investigation today, ask me anything.
Im on a 13 hour trip out of state AMA
I’m thinking of ending it. AMA
I am the spouse of someone with D.I.D. I have Bipolar 2, ADHD, and an auditory processing disorder. AMA!
I am a neon artist. I mostly have made commercial signs, but occasionally do an original piece. I’ve been in the business for 22 years. AMA
School just closed for a month. AMA
I'm a senior in high school and i'm out of school until April 13th, AMA!
My School is being shutdown due to Covid-19 AMA
I have Autism Spectrum Disorder and if I find something that interests me, I collect organize and study all information about it and become a "pseudo pro" within a week. Ask me anything.
I just took a shot of Jack Daniels that I paid 69$ for 750ml...AMA
I'm a senior out of school for the next week due to the coronavirus and spring break, AMA!
BioMed student, LARPer, EMT, hobby biology &amp; compsci, hobby SFX artist, airsofter - AMA!
I'm a 14 Year old boy from the Netherlands. AMA!
I know this isnt an AMA but i need help, please?
I live in Bolivia, the first case of COVID 2019 was detected 2 days ago and today we have 10. People and institutions are obscenely unprepared. AMA
My job just issued a company-wide work-from-home order for the next 30 days AMA
I am a 19 year old pornstar. AMA.
Michigan just confirmed 12 cases in the state. I work in supplies at a major hospital in northern Michigan - AMA
I haven’t got the Coronavirus. AMA
I am taking a shit rn. AMA
I'm a girl who loves porn. AMA.
My sister is dating my ex. AMA
I’m stuck at home for the next 14 days. I’m going to be bored as hell. Please AMA. Literally anything to entertain me for a couple hours.
There's some information in my country about Coronavirus that is not getting on national media, AMA
I’m asexual AMA
I’m a closeted lesbian and my parents are conservative Catholics who are still having trouble fully accepting my trans sister who came out 3 years ago, ama
I’m currently working from home due to COVID-19. AMA
I’m asexual AMA
I make up to $97/hr AMA
During this toilet paper shortage, I decided to eat a hot curry.
I am a shaolin monk that now performs in a circus show, performing a solo shaolin flexibility form. Ask Me Anything
I’m a travel agent working through this Corona mess - ask me anything!
I had a chance to play professional football before getting injured and getting dropped
I had to do my regular grocery shopping in the middle of everyone panic hoarding. AMA.
I am a registered REPUBLICAN who votes REPUBLICAN who is pro choice, pro science, pro gay rights and all around socially progressive....and yet thinks the democrat party is completely disillusioned to being financially efficient for the American people...AMA
All schools just shut down in my state because of the CoronaVirus
My school just got shut down until April 13th due to corona virus. Ask Me Anything.
I am at work (hotel) and Covid-19 has caused everything. AMA please.
I’m going to die in 24 hours, AMA.
My stupid sister STILL uses TikTok, AMA
My school has been quarantined from the Corona virus for the next three weeks. My birthday will be missed during that time. AMA
I had novel h1n1 (swine flu.) AMA!
I'm a furry ama
Former Casino employee. AMA.
Stuck on the toilet unable to sh*t. AMA!
My friend and I are doing everything we can to get home before all the borders close. Mission: Tbilisi to Amsterdam.
My school just got shut down for corona virus and my spring break plans are possibly going to be canceled. Living in Oregon, the whole state may shut down. AMA
Coronavirus (Covid-19)
I am a professional chef. Any food prep, storage, or recipe ideas you need I can provide AMA
My school shut down due to Corona Virus
I just got home AMA
I knocked up a girl from tinder who was visiting on a J-1 visa. AMA
I have a 101 degree fever and a headache, probably going to die of corona in the next 48 hours ama
I am an introvert..AMA
Teenage Hacker here. Ask me anything.
I live in Brazil AMA
I flew from the States to Munich, drank a beer in the airport, and then immediately flew home. AMA
NSFW I have visited over 100 escorts AMA
My school just got closed due to Coronavirus concerns, AMA
The guy next to me in an exam a couple days ago just got tested positive for Corona. AMA.
I live in Argentina AMA
I go to high school in wisconsin, and our school district just shut down for four weeks because of COVID-19. AMA
I am an Japanese person being avoided because of coronavirus. AMA
AMA, please, I've been a bit bored recently, and I wanted something to raise my spirits!
I had the Corona Virus, AMA
Taking my first poop since the rationing began. AMA
AMA
If you got fired for bullshit and you want to fuck over your old job this is the time
My (now ex) boyfriend just dumped me today and the only reason he gave was, "I have to".. AMA
I live in washington and my school just shut down for 6 weeks, AMA
I am in Spanish corona quarantine zone AMA
My city is under quarantine for 3 weeks
I live in Cincinnati, don't have a job, am 30, and go to school full time. AMA.
15 of my school’s school days just got cancelled due to Coronavirus (23 including weekends). AMA
Buzzed, American, working for an insurance company. AMA
I'm an American with Coronavirus, AMA
Someone in my county has the corona virus ama
AMA but edit your post to make me seem like a psycho
I’m a student in the USA right now. AMA!
I had a CoViA18 last year. AMA
I am just a regular guy who works at wal-mart amidst this COVID19 scare. AMA.
I am just a regular guy who works at wal-mart amidst this COVID19 scare. AMA.
I live in Croatia. AMA
me and my husband have accumulated over 1000 rolls of toilet paper in our basement, ama
I live by the beach in Florida, and my spring break just got extended to 3 weeks because of coronavirus. AMA
My entire island has cancelled all schools and public gatherings for 6 weeks bc of coronavirus AMA
Today is my first cake day. AMA.
Yo I’ve been lurking on reddit for over two months and I figured now would be a good time to get some spicy q’a and give some tastier A’s or if not this is a good way to lose all my karma so go for it
I’m a Alaskan badass AMA
AMA
Decided why not post this since alot of people do.. My dad left my family when I was 3 years old, mum got into an abusive relationship when i was 6 leading to me and her being mentally and physically abused until i was about 8 years old I'm not 21 ama?
My country is gradually being shutted down because of Coronavirus, AMA !
I thought r/AskMeAnythingIAnswer was the real AMA until I found this one. AMA.
AMA
I live in Seattle, ground zero of the US coronavirus outbreak. AMA
I'm new to Reddit and don't know most things.
I’m a white, conservative, high schooler who has to be constantly judged because of my political views. Also my school is starting to react to Coronavirus. AMA
I think that girls who don't shave their underarms should be told off! AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She’s the leading star of a big movie franchise. AMA
Today was meant to be the day I died
I'm a Hungarian and the goverment just closed all schools.AMA!
Im u/NiceNiceBot and I’m back, if you want to see what I can do then check my profile. AMA
I work at Tim Hortons and put 14 timbits in your 10 box AMA
My school just ended until april 20th due to coronavirus. AMA
I am an extrovert on reddit AMA.
It seems like yesterday I felt enlightened AMA
My school just got shut down bcuz COVID-19/Coronavirus AMA
I'm working as a personal shopper for Smith's AMA
My state is in lockdown due to corona and we got 6 weeks off of school ama
I live in iran and im 16 :) AMA
I was beaten to within an inch of my life by a Chinese guy after I made a joke about him having the coronavirus. AMA
I was just let go on the 89th day of my 90 day probation at work. I received insurance benefits on March 1st that I now lose on March 31st, all of this at the beginning of a World-Wide Pandemic. AMA
I am an introvert,ask me anything.
I live in Serbia and the infected of COV-19 risen from 3 to 26 in two days. AMA
My country just closed down schools and other places where there are more than 100 people like malls cinemas and other free time places. AMA
Omegle traumatised me AMA
Just want to talk to anyone, nothing less and nothing more
My county just started a 2 week quarantine and I didn't find out until this morning. AMA.
I am in a constant state of anxiety AMA
Im from the philliphines where we have a lockdown set in march 15 and people are panic buying AMA
Living in Washington state during the Covid19 pandemic. AMA
I AM BACK FROM OBSCURITY. AMA.
I am a student in Washington state, the coronavirus epicenter in the US. Ask me anything.
I just found my birth family, AMA
I am one of the students in LAUSD effected by the district-wide closure today due to COVID-19. AMA!
I am an avid member of the furry sexual community. AMA
About half my hoes that went to college around here left back to their home state for spring break and now due to the virus nobody’s coming back until much later AMA
I'm currently in the beginning stages of building a giant Minecraft world that will likely take over a year to complete, AMA
Firefighter-paramedic here - AMA!
My school got shut down due to covid-19 ( the coronavirus) ama
I am a Coronavirus. Ask me anything you have been wanting to know about all this.
I’m a Whole Foods cashier currently working while everyone is hoarding groceries. AMA!
I live in Germany and all schools are closed (at least in Berlin) I will be having no School for (probably) 5 weeks. AMA
I have anger issues, AMA
My school just got shut down because of corona virus AMA
I am a 18 guy in Idaho, the last remaining state without a case of Corona
I am a human AMA
I’m infected with CoronaVirus - Day 3 of being sick, I live in Oregon work in retail AMA!
I work at a major retail store during the Corona Virus Pandemic, AMA.
I’m using reddit while taking a shit, AMA
With the current pandemic this could be worth some questions so, I had Swine Flu back in 2009 AMA
I'm Homeschooled In Upstate New York AMA
I'm a childhood cancer survivor, AMA.
95% lucid dreams
I'm a highschool student who's school is closing because of the Coronavirus. AMA
I wanted to see how hard it was to get a million karma and make it into the top 500 on the karmalb. AMA
I think Reddit should have an age limit of 21.
Starting from Monday my school starts online class AMA!!!
I'm known as unaccompanied youth, who is currently living in a home created by a program called USI for youth 14-20 who are homeless AMA
I’m a confirmed Seattle coronavirus patient, AMA
AMA REQUEST: someone in Italy right now just to tell us what it’s like.
I'm so bored I've taken to Reddit to AMA.
i probably have the covid-19 disease AMA
Italian in lockdown here. Americans ( since you seem the next who'll come down ), you're welcome
My spring break has gotten a extra week due to Covid-19 AMA.
I have 2000+ karma in just 1 month AMA.
I've gotten close with a friend and think I like him. He makes me laugh but idk if he feels the same. I think about telling him all the time and know I'll regret it if I don't but I'm scared he won't feel the same. Also can't date, and I've NEVER felt like this for someone before, AMA
So, my school district canceled school for the rest of the month due to COVID-19, AMA
Got 6 reddit followers, AMA!
Poland closed borders, shopping centers and unofficially is preparing for lockdown of some cities, BUT churches are open and will stay like this, AMA about how shitty country of Poland is.
I'm a college student in the US. Schools are shutting down, my internship may be in jeopardy, my military training has ground to a halt, and there is just general all-round chaos. AMA
I am a time traveler from 2054 AM(almost)A
I'm a bisexual, FtM transgender teenager. (he/him pronouns please) AMA.
Ask me a Question and I will only answer with a compliment AMA
Untill 2 years ago I was having a horrible lifestyle : eating junk food , not getting good sleep , not exercicing , gambling , drinking etc . I weighted 110 kilos . My 2018 resolution was to lose some weight so I went to the gym and this thing saved my life . Now I have a glorious lifestyle.AMA
My school just got shut down because of Coronavirus ama
I am a 13 year old that rides a motorcycle. Ama
I was diagnosed With Covid-19 and I will likely die from it. Ask me anything.
I’m a college student with an extended spring break due to the coronavirus and I have absolutely nothing to do for the next week. AMA.
I have ADHD. Ask me anything
School got cancelled for 2 weeks as of now because of Corona. We're learning online now. AMA
I have seen 50 "My school is closed" posts in the past two days AMA
Child fraudster turned 8 year vagrant turned prostitute then heroin addict. AMA. [United Kingdom]
I blasted my horn at the civic in front of me because they slowed to a stop on a yellow light. Pissed me off so much, I considered following him home (but didn't in the end). AMA
I am a north american that went to the supermarket to buy only 1 pot of cream cheese amid the chaos of the coronavirus. AMA
I am a 13 year old that rides a motorcycle. AMA!
20M University student form South Africa AMA
I am a Scientologist. AMA
I am running a YouTube-channel and I’ll be interviewing a young man who’s joined a strictly conservative Christian bibleschool overseas. AMA that you’d like to know from him!
My Fetish is Not Having an Orgasm AMA
I’m currently a patient in a psych ward AMA
18yo gal &amp; I weigh 66lbs, not dying tho AMA
My school recently closed for 2 weeks because of Coronavirus. AMA
Eminem diagnosed with CORONAVIRUS!
I work for the Army of the 13 Animals and I am stranded in the year 2020!
I am NOT a human anymore
My father treated me like I was the devil growing up ask me anything.
I am a thief from the future
My name Robert William Bonner, I solved the Riemann Hypothesis and I made it Public. AMA
Im 12 yr in 2020 ask me anything
My county just decided to cancel school for 2 weeks and my county was the first county to get a positive covid-19 case in central Virginia. AMA
I feel like answering some questions so AMA
Everyone in my town is freaked out due to COVID-19. AMA.
I'm half Chinese and Canadian, born in the UK (still living here). Been bullied since I was 8 (Almost 17). AMA!
I am really bored , so AMA like literally anything
I’m bored so ask me anything like literally anythinggg
I arrived at Walmart today right as they unloaded a pallet of toilet paper! AMA
I don't have anything special, ask me something and I will answer to it in a stupid way
14 y/o victim of an emotionally abusive relationship, AMA
My school got shut down due to COVID-19. AMA.
AMA and then edit your question to make my response very offensive. (Inspired)
Because of the Corona virus my school is getting shut down for 2 weeks and everyone’s getting homeschooled (we just have to do school work on our Computers AMA
I'm in Spain AMA
I dropped out of college to start a YouTube channel, AMA!
I am Russian. AMA.
I'm suicidal, AMA
My school is doing e-learning soon! AMA
My country is the 48th to report over 20 Covid-19 cases AMA
im an international student and all flights to my country are cancelled AMA!
I am particularly brain dead as me anything.
I am kind stranger,AMA
UK, I've been told to self isolate. Staying at boyfriend due to me liking with 5 others... mum being inconsiderate over it AMA
My school musical was cancelled due to Corona. AMA!
I defeated depression weeks ago and for some reason I want to help people on r/suicidewatch . AMA
My asshole hurts so god damn bad right now.
I have dissociative identity disorder/“multiple personalities”, AMA
I only have 1 roll of toilet paper.AMA
I'm a polish teenager. AMA
I have ADHD. Ask me anything.
My school closed because of the Coronavirus AMA!
I speak swiss german. Ama
The play I Am in was postponed Indefinitely AMA
I think i'm on the brink of a mental breakdown AMA
I can tell you why no one cares about your deepest darkest secret, AMA
I was in an abusive relationship. recently I just confronted them about everything. ask me anything.
My school just shut down because some on got Corona, AMA.
I live in Florida AMA! (Please send help)
Tell me your deepest darkest secret, And I will tell you why no one cares.
Imma gonna kill myself after few hours AMA.
I speak swiss german and lived in Switzerland my whole life. Ama
Im a German Student, got the info about almost every German school closing until mid-april today, AMA
I'm a sadomasochist stranger AMA.
I’m gonna take acid at school on Monday, AMA
I'm an ASE certified mechanic, ama
AMA
I'm an Austrian who does his civil service in India. AMA
I have all the symptoms of coronavirus but i have not been tested yet AMA
Raped 2 girls and just got released from prison 2 months ago, have corona, AMA
I’m extremely pissed off and I need to calm down AMA
My School is Closed because of the Coronavirus AMA
My life is falling apart as we speak. AMA.
I’m stuck in Iran with the Coronavirus and can’t come back to America. Ask me anything.
I have extreme anxiety and OCD... this coronavirus is literally my biggest nightmare and it’s taking a toll on me. AMA
My school is currently shut down, because people at my specific school were exposed directly to COVID-19, presumably while at the school. AMA.
My city has recently gotten a few people infected in it and my country's prime minister's wife is now infected. AMA
I live with 13 people(brothers, sisters, parents)! AMA!
AMA but edit your question to make me look insane.
Canadian with no school for 2 weeks. AMA
I learned Morse code in less than 30 minutes AMA •— —— •—
I learned Morse code in less than 30 minutes AMA
Arab living in the UAE. AMA.
I'm currently blocked inside my home in Italy because of COVID-19. Bored af, so please, ask me anything
I’m probably gonna drop out of high school, AMA
I just ejaculated inside my grandma. So good! Ama
Last night I had a dream that my cis boyfriend was 8 months pregnant and now I can’t unsee it. AMA
i hate basicly anything. AMA
My dad is the general manager of a major pharmaceutical company in the Middle East and I’m here to clear any misconceptions about and help provide valuable information about COVID-19. AMA
What is a badass comeback you’ve said?
It’s my first cake day AMA!
I live in Veneto, Italy with more than almost 1600 confirmed cases of Coronavirus, but the real number are a lot higher. The whole country is in lockdown, only food store and pharmacies are open. Ask me anything
I’ve fallen in love with my best friend, AMA!
I am a house fire survivor, AMA
I have over 500 rolls of toilet paper in my basement ama
I recovered from Depersonalization/Derealization disorder, AMA
I'm a female who's into Femdom. I love for men to submit to me. AMA
What is considered a fever? 29 year old male
Today is my birthday, Friday the 13th, A full moon, and now no school because of the virus. AMA!
I'm Polisha and I live in Poland.AMA
We should make this on trending AMA
I‘m a 16M, Live in Germany since 2012, my school is now closed till 19th April, AMA
I'm in Italy and they just stop me for going out of home. AMA
I am a Person that has Recovered from Coronavirus. AMA
I live in a State with 30 cases of Corona
Grocery store employee in currently “quarantined” Montgomery county PA, AMA.
I work in the hospital in WA state with the most outbreaks in the us of CORVID-19, AMA!
My school (belgium) is about to shut down for 5 weeks (2 weeks of vacation so basically three weeks) in 5 minutes we can go home. AMA!
I’m From South Africa,AMA!
School just got until april 6th. I‘m concerned instead of happy. AMA
Don't ask me anything, AMA
With the boys at a party off our face on everything under the sun. AMA ask us anything
My school administration thinks coronavirus is a conspiracy against trump and is taking no measures towards containment. AMA
My school is closing for a week (or more) because of the corona virus, AMA
I have coronavirus... or maybe just a cold... AMA
I am a teacher in Eastern WA, and I am home sick with a fever, they are barely testing people here, and there is no way we don't have COVID-19 here by now. AMA
I'm AL and I practice demonolatry. Ama!
So my school is closing because of the Coronavirus AMA
My work just closed due to the COVID-19
NHS (UK) doctor currently in quarantine due to fever after possible corona exposure in workplace AMA
I am a bowl of Spaghetti AMA
[request] someone who Has coronavirus. Not people quarantined. All these AMAs for being quarantined- but nobody that has contracted it is speaking up!
I used to run an online anti suicide hotline
I am living in Italy, and my whole country is on lockdown, AMA
I survived jumping off a 7-story building, AMA
Today is my 18th birthday and I'm spending it in coronavirus quarantine! AMA
Coronavirus has not yet hit my state, but the states surrounding it have AMA
Me (25/F) and my little brother (11/m) are self-quarantining. Been stuck inside for a week, one more to go. AMA!
My school has just shut down for the next 5 weeks due to Coronavirus. AMA
I have Misophonia and cannot listen to people breathing because it drives me nuts AMA.
I've had sex with my grandmother over 200 times over the past 3 years.
I am a student at a college shutting down due to the coronavirus. AMA
Tax Questions? AMA
I live in turkey today is my last day in school. The schools will begin after the two weeks and everything is very very expensive,people are very opportunistic. AMA
My school has been shut down until April 24. AMA
Italian, quarantined, 17, AMA
I don’t have coronavirus. AMA
I'm the most cold-hearted son of a bitch you'll ever know. Ama
I was just diagnoses with autism spectrum disorder at the age of 23, AMA
Covid 19- porta potty boogaloo
I Have just found out there's a Covid-19 case in my somewhat rural town. My University and all schools are closed. AMA
German citizen who was on vacay in Sicily, Italy and one of the last to be allowed to leave by plane
I am quarantined in Italy, AMA
cry from the heart
I have been absent from school for about 2 months because of COVID-19.
2020 US Census clerk here, still running in full force despite COVID-19, counting everyone in the US and Puerto Rico. Any questions?
I am about to get my wisdom teeth out, I will answer as soon as I can after the surgery. AMA
i've been playing minecraft for nearly 7 hours, AMA
I'm the weird kid at school, AMA.
My name is mud. AMA
School has not shut down yet AMA!
My brother's bace in South Korea is on lock down due to the virus AMA
I am committing suicide in 5 days (I'll delete my reddit account and kill myself on 17/03/2020) AMA
My school has no dress code. AMA
I’m a high school teacher in Ohio and I’m about to have 4 weeks with no school. AMA
Currently filling up my masters application forms and I'm dead scared to mess up my details. No matter how old I get, this shit will always be nerve-wrecking. AMA.
My school (Spain) just shut down for at least 15 days. AMA
My district and my school have shut down due to corona AMA!
My dads and alcoholic who has been in rehab multiple times and is coming back from rehab in 2 weeks and he seems better AMA!!
I'm an out and proud lesbian that's has sex with 40+ men, AMA.
I live in a country where the corona countermeasures seem to be working. AMA
Currently decontaminating rooms from the corona virus for work. AMA
AMA: school will be closed for 3 weeks and I'm bored
My School Was Just Closed Due To COVID-19 (Coronavirus). Ask Me Anything.
I have 32 rolls of toilet paper, that I bought before the apocalypse. AMA
I just shaved my head into a buzzcut without my parents’s permission. Ama.
My highschool might have a Coronavirus case ama!
I'm from New Zealand,AMA
Homeland Security indicted me for selling LSD, mushrooms and Molly, AMA
Today is my last day of school before it's shut down for a month due to coronavirus. AMA
I'll answer the opposite to how I feel. AMA
Found my (20 F) old journal. Life was great back then. AMA
I have an issue
Beginning the spiritual journey of a Buddhist/Taoist Psychonaut
I'm going to see my dad in St.Louise for the first time in months
I'm a forensic psychologyst who works for family court investigating any kind of child abuse, neglect, parental alienation, custody, etc. AMA!
I was attacked by a violent serial sexual predator on my way to work.
My classes just got cancelled because of Covid-19. Ama
Scottish M, Just got sent home from work as someone's infected. AMA
I am the corona virus, AMA
911 dispatcher. AMA.
I'm at work. Im bored. Everyone is freaking out because of corona. AMA please.
My school hasn’t closed yet. AMA
I have a subconscious mind that can cause me direct physical pain when I try to suppress it. AMA.
Greetings from Iran, the second biggest epidemic of the virus. Not surprisingly, I must say the situation is much much worse than anticipated by the corrupted authorities. The real numbers are high and the curve is steadily surging and controlling the peak seems to be out of reach.
I’m a university from the uk, AMA!
I'm high af rn AMA
I am a year 1 electricians apprentice
My first job was at a semi-fancy restaurant in the middle of nowhere with ultra rich clientele. AMA.
I live in the Netherlands where they couldn’t give less shits about the coronavirus AMA
I am a 23yo German girl working in Switzerland as a prostitute AMA
Hey, i am from Denmark. All school and kindergarten are shutdown 14 days. Because of corona
I’m the cool kid, the popular kid, the kid who knows everyone, the smart kid, the Asian kid, the black kid, the funny kid and the never angry kid all at the same time AMA
My parents are divorced AMA
I live in the Netherlands, where events with more than a hunderd people are cancelled because of the corona virus, but the schools are still open for some reason. AMA
Everything you ask me I will answer a random person passing by and tell you their response - Part 2 AMA
Polish history AMA
Tell everyone something that will keep helping them the rest of their lives ?
Suffered physical abuse at home when I was a kid, did a lot of drugs and smal time criminal acts until I was 20 and was homeless for 3 years. Now im drug free and have 2 kids of my own. AMA
I'm an autistic 15yo male AMA
I’m a target employee that has been working in the midst of the current corona fiasco. AMA!
I love eating in the shower 🍕 AMA
I (23 M) know that I want to become a Youth Worker (dominantly female profession) as a profession. AMA
Yesterday I had sex for the first time. AMA
First award and cakeday on the same day
I am the youtuber Greg’s Kitchen AMA
Asthmatic with Covid-19 AMA
Here i am sitting in school and have plenty of time on my hands AMA
I’m a Hispanic named Robbie, AMA
I'm a chronically mentally ill person has ruined my life and lost my family to years of struggling to deal with my high maintenance disability. I've been chronically homeless, and traveled a large portion of the country. AMA.
I survived a roll over car wreck into a lake, AMA
I just found my birth family, AMA
I've been a follower all my life. Never had enough courage to be a leader even for once. AMA
I am a 13 year old boy that weighs 98kg (216.053 lb) AMA.
I'm a 16 year old French guy, AMA
I'm Chinese. Ask Me Anything.
I'm pretty sad and high and just kinda wanna talk to people so AMA
I want to talk and have no one to talk to. So. AMA please so I have something to do with my night?
i am sad and would like some attention. AMA
I am an hourly employee of an arena that hosts NBA &amp; NHL games &amp; concerts. I am now suddenly out of work, AMA
I’ve been working remotely for three years. AMA
My coworker and I are talking about high school and it's making me nostalgic. AMA.
I don't live in the US. AMA.
Summer has started early because of the Coronavirus. AMA!
I make Gacha Life videos. AMA.
I am autistic and went to a school specifically for autistic kids, AMA!
I got raped by a toxic white male, AMA
I’m currently a patient in a psychiatric ward
I'm under a COVID-19 Quarantine, Ask me anything.
I am a nerd. AMA.
Im the son of a millionare AMA
I have the coronavirus
I have finally realized life is worth living. As a bonus, I have found where the clitoris is. AMA
I have finally realized life ks worth living for. As a bonus, I have found out where the Clitoris is. AMA
I’m out of school for 3 weeks because of coronavirus
I work at a local hardware store in SF during the coronavirus outbreak. AMA
I’m an ICU nurse at Johns Hopkins hospital, AMA
I don't feel hunger when I'm on my period. Ama lol
Just finished my first week of my 3 year 3d animation course AMA
I played a simulated COVID-19 patient to help train public health &amp; emergency services. AMA!
İ am an ordinary person, theres nothing special about me. AMA
I work in a place that makes plastic bottle caps, AMA
I've never dated once in my life and I'm 18, AMA
I was born with autism.
I'm a Russian-American kid, AMA!
I am (29F) with (30M) partner, and it is a mixed-race relationship. AMA!
My city got it's first case of corona virus only hours ago, and already stores are put of paper products completely, as well as most canned and boxes foods. AMA
Im bored, and tired, it's midnight, I want to go to bed, but screw that, AMA.
I'm a prepper, I prepare for the end of the world type of shit. Currently in Japan, heading back to England in three days. Ama?
AMA I just took an ambien
I live in a Muslim country. AMA
I had COVID-19, AMA
My school closed down due to the Coronavirus outbreak, AMA!
god said homos were gay and that he didn't like them. AMA
I am a 12 year old girl with legitimate boomer parents, AMA.
My state (Michigan, U.S.A.) has just shut down all K-12 schools in the state for three weeks due to the Coronavirus! AMA!
I'm in Ohio and they just closed schools for 3 weeks AMA?
My whole life is shut down by COVID-19, ask me anything
I live in Ohio and they just closed schools for 3 weeks. AMA?
My state canceled school for a month because of the corona virus AMA
I was in a Go-Cart accident when I was 6, AMA.
I was on the Coronavirus infected Diamond Princess cruise ship, AMA.
I make hundreds of dollars by doing homework for stupid, lazy kids that don’t want to do their homework. Ama
I took 700 mg of adrafinil and then snorted 150 mg of caffine pills AMA
I’m teacher in one of the districts that just closed in WA state due to the Coronavirus. 600,000 students are out of school for 2 months. AMA
My dad is the general manager of a major pharmaceutical company in the Middle East and I’m here to clear any misconceptions about and help provide valuable information about COVID-19. AMA
Had a trending post with 1.2k upvotes and am now a karma addict. AMA.
At recess my buddies and I play tackle football with no pads AMA
AT&amp;T employee AMA
AMA
I am currently 11 years old and have had three orgasms ama
I lived in a domestic violence shelter when I was 7. AMA!
Hi Reddit, need toilet paper and currently our shelves are empty. Ama
I live in Canada and most things are open despite COVID 19. AMA about this comparatively chill situation.
My fencing team's coach's friend got the coronavirus and now parents and peers are on edge. I live in NYC. AMA
First day of “lockdown” in my city is tomorrow in Massachusetts AMA
I went to the dentist and found out I have 10 cavities, I got in a car accident, and I possibly got exposed to the coronavirus all in the same day (today). Ask me anything!
My university is closing campus until April 13th earliest and we’re switching to online classes for the remainder of the semester AMA!
I’m a Homeschooler AMA.
I'm really worried about the coronavirus ama
I'm a convicted pedophile, AMA!
I have finally realized life is worth living. As a bonus, I found out where I want to go with my life! AMA.
I have a random word generator. AMA
I am having to stay in ny room because ive been showing symptoms for corona and we cant to to the doctors as i might be contagious... AMA
I didn't know my cake day was today I thought it was in 3 days and now I'm kinda sad I missed it... So AMA
Just had the best gaming moment of my life, ama
I am still in school for the time being. AMA
I’m pretty damn normal and not interesting. AMA
I live in Seattle, ground zero for COVID-19 in the US. K-12 schools just shut down through April 24th. I just started telecommuting. Everyone is wondering when or if we’ll be quarantined. AMA!
I raised my siblings from when I was 13 to now. AMA
I was a anti-fur but now I’m a full furry, AMA
I’m Mexican and i’m dating a girl that is half Mexican half Nigerian and she moved to Spain// AMA
I’ve met post Malone multiple times. AMA
I used to be rich now im higher lower class
My school district just canceled school from Monday until further notice due to the Coronavirus. I live in Georgia, USA. AMA
Im from Israel and bored, ama
It’s my cake day and I just got diagnosed with Coronavirus, ama.
I have Coronavirus and am under quarantine. AMA
My school just got shut down for 2 weeks (including March break) and people in my family might have COVID-19, AMA
I am a Y4-L5 android from the future
I am Valiant Thor
I think a pandemic of coronavirus will only make the world a better place in the long haul, ama
My school just shut down, my first period teacher has COVID-19 [Washington State]
I look pretty in the mirror, but I photos I look like a rat. 🤮 AMA
I answer questions,AMA
I’m pansexual AMA
I am stranded in a supermarket
I learned how to crochet from YouTube AMA
I just discovered PBS cartoon rule 34 - AMA
Let's mix it up. I do NOT have the Corona virus and I'm also not in a quarantined area. AMA
I am stranded in a supermarket somewhere in a small town in the middle of nowhere, ask me anything before my battery runs out!
I won the Moldy Globe Award for Terrible Director and worst Screenplay Writer
I was nominated for the Moldy Globe Award as a terrible director! AMA
I work at an airport and we’re dealing with the Corona virus AMA
I'm a hybrid between a broccoli and a turd ask me anything except for my credit card number!
I’m in quarantine for the coronavirus, AMA
I am the only one awake in my house and I’m feeling scared because I’ve been hearing the furniture moving by itself. Ama
I’ve met Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders. AMA!
I know(intimately) someone that is highly aroused whenever they read the Bible. And it is hi—larious! -AMA
I’m a high school student in Ohio, where our public schools were just shut down for 3 weeks in response to Coronavirus. AMA
I'm an amateur Screenwriter. AMA
I'm a college senior in Washington near the center of the US COVID-19 outbreak. AMA
I am a phone representative at an emergency coronavirus hotline, AMA
I am Halil Erhan. I conduct research on supporting creative decision making through effective and engaging computational tools. I teach courses on design and interactive systems at Simon Fraser University. I am looking forward to working with the participants of the Youth Innovation Challenge 2020.
I'm totally lost in time and I feel like I'm traveling trough time sometimes. AMA.
My school just announced that it will be closed for 2 weeks due to CoronaVirus, AMA
My school just announced that it will closed for 2 weeks due to the corona virus, AMA
I am in one of the states where the corona virus is AMA
I sell a snapchat premium. AMA.
I live in a house with 7 people while dealing with corona AMA
I dont know if im going to be able to return home due to coronavirus AMA
I’m a homeschooled gifted 12 year old amateur writer with autism
I have Autism and had to drop out of college because of it, AMA
I'm Trinidadian (Caribbean) and 3 cases have been confirmed in the last 6 hours as well as the Gov. caught lying about measures put in place. AMA
I am an arena stagehand out of work because of the NBA and NHL lock downs. AMA
Vaccines Cause Autism
I have PE homework for time of quarantine. AMA
The field trip at my school I have been looking forward to for months has been cancelled because of the FUCKING CORONA VIRUS AMA
Fuck 14 days, my whole country got closed for a month and a half now
My school is closing for 3 weeks because of COVID-19 and my last day is tomorrow, AMA
Living in Madrid , things are getting serious, AMA
I’m a 25 y.o. Nurse Manager with a near-6 figure salary. AMA!
Computer nerd who has 2 weeks to himself AMA
I am completely mute. AMA
My girlfriend will respond, ask me anything.
I Live in Gary Indiana, AMA.
After three months I finally reached 1.0k Karma AMA!
I have struggled with depression and a eating disorder because I was taking the wrong adhd medication. AMA
My school is closed for the entire month because of the coronavirus
I’m a Dutch girl. AMA
I'm a genie, that is also an asshole, AMA!
Im an italian teen that is quarantined.AMA!
trump 2020
Hispanic 20 year old viola player majoring in music at a music school in San Francisco. AMA!
The corona virus hit my town AMA
My school closed due to the coronavirus. AMA
I’m an ultimate frisbee player whose league just cancelled the upcoming season— AMA
I don't have coronavirus nor my school is closing down due to COVID-19. AMA
I'm a republican, ama
Why cant we send aoc back?
I messed up on my Latin speaking exam and accidentally summoned a demon. AMA.
I think girls going through puberty should be informed about how some girls shave their underarms! AMA
Let’s lighten the mood shall weeeeeee? AMA
We are beginning to actually start buying up supplies for coronavirus.
I'm making ramen rn, AMA
Ive just ate a sausage roll covered in mayo AMA
I just poked my eye with my finger AMA
My Senior Year Was Just Put On Hold AMA
Im a furry AMA
I'm an Italian guy (19), currently livin the lockdown in the North Italy, AMA!
One of the last states to get Covid-19, Ama
I am a healthcare worker and got infected on Tuesday. If enough people are interested I will update this post. AMA
Ask me way too personal questions.
I'm french and i'm bored
I'm a autistic teenager currently living in care AMA
My government (Belgium) has just announced closure of schools, stores etc. because of COVID-19. AMA
Me and my family are 70% sure we have the corona virus AMA
I just finished the first anime I ever felt represented in, AMA!
Writers Write
I am a Minecraft Bedrock server owner, more info inside post, AMA
My school is closing for 3 weeks because of COVID-19 and my last day is tomorrow, AMA
I know some stuff about the upcoming GTA VI(CE), ask me anything
I feel like my whole world is trumbling around me. AMA
Vanlife going to drive from Portugal to Estonia 4600km start tomorrow #coronavirus
I’m a junior mathematics and economics double major who’s university just closed due to Coronavirus. AMA
My school is about to be closed for 3 weeks, our last day is tomorrow. AMA
I got diagnosed with cancer on my 14th birthday, living with (I'm pretty sure) a toxic, anti-vaxx mom. AMA
I have corona AMA
I’m a pro brewer standing on the brew deck with hundreds of gallons of wort boiling. I’ve got an hour or so AMA.
Tomorrow will be the first day i will not go to school due to coronavirus.AMA
I think that girls who refuse to shave their underarmies should be sent to prison for a short time. AMA
My state (KY) is about to go under quarantine and no one seemingly knows about it well enough... AMA
I'm a cool dude from Virginia, US. Ask me literally anything and I will give you a maybe good answer:)
I'm an ohio student getting a 3 week vacation because of the corona virus
I'm a student of the Renton School District in Washington state. A neighboring district of the Seattle School District. AMA!
I have a degree in political science and I can tell you with absolute certainty that Bernie Sanders and his socialist supporters have way, way more in common with nazis and fascists than Donald Trump and the Republicans do. In fact, Trump and the Republicans have nothing to do with fascism. AMA
Worse than a divorce AMA
Im a real otaku AMA
I'm an 8th grader in Ohio, U.S. AMA
My last 3 apartments have only become available to me because the previous tenant died *in* them, 2 of the 3 without my knowledge before I moved in AMA
My school just got shutdown for 3 weeks and I have 2 weeks of holiday following the 3 weeks AMA
I got suspended for a year from my uni for smoking weed ,now just waiting until suspension gets over, AMA
I am an English Aristocrat AMA
I genuinely wouldn't mind getting infected with the Coronavirus. AMA.
Im sad, ask me something
I'm autistic and gay, AMA.
Mods please stop all the corona ama's thx.
I have a “sixth sense” AMA
My school is closed, my prom might be cancelled and my graduation may be cancelled as well. AMA
I'm thirteen years old and im bored as fuck. AMA.
Schools closing across the state of Michigan over 2 confirmed cases. AMA.
My whole county in Pennsylvania has closed down. Everything besides the grocery stores and fast food. Malls closed down, schools closed, most jobs are closed, gyms are closed. Ask Me Anything
My schools on lockdown and I'm scared shitless. AMA
My school district just cancelled school for the next couple weeks, AMA.
I'm bored and I want to chat AMA
My school just got shut down for 3 weeks because of COVID-19, AMA
I'm in Upstate NY. Schools and businesses are closing, events are cancelled, and we're running low on anything that remotely relates to cleaning. AMA
Spring break extended because of COVID-19, AMA!
I have never had coronavirus, don’t live in one of the areas overridden with it and don’t know anyone who’s had it. AMA :)
I've been using Aduvanz (Adderall) for over a year, AMA!
I post ads on YouTube, you've probably seen them, AMA.
I'm living in Czech Republic under the lock down here, AMA
I have just been diagnosed with COVID-19 AMA
Ever tried hypnosis?
I want to disappear and not come back. AMA
I'm the "clown class" since I'm in high school. AMA.
I was diagnosed with a chronic illness (arthritis) as a child. AMA
My high school just got closed for 2 weeks due to the novel coronavirus. AMA.
I'm from Serbia currently 24 confirmed cases of coronavirus. All our neighbours closed schools except my smart government. AMA
My school has been shut down due to the coronavirus, ask me anything
I just hid a box in my grandmas house. AMA
In spain, coronavirus has affected one politician, AMA
Irish school closed today over Covid-19 AMA
Italian currently under lockdown, doing AMA to kill time
I go to the oldest public school in america AMA
I live in the US in the state of Kansas were in the center of it and even though we only have one confirmed case the whole states freaking out
Because of the coronavirus, school is closed down for about 5 weeks until after spring break. AMA
My dad was a semi-famous rock star who died when I was young AMA
AMA. Idk what to do so random questions from strangers might be fun
After 10 years of working in IT i've just been promoted to be a manager with 11 employees. Gay and left-wing. AMA
I live in strict quarantine in the most affected region in Europe (Lombardy, Italy) and I could use some company. so AMA.
My state just cancelled all schools for a 3 week spring break. AMA
In a fit of manic anxiety I wrote a 50 poem collection on the pandemic AMA
Posh private school kid here! AMA
I think I've been exposed to covid-19 ama.
AMA but I run my answer through 5 random languages and translate it back to English in Google translate, and then I post my answer on here
I love talking about my boyfriend but not many people ask, but I like other questions too, AMA
I think our country will face total lockdown soon
I think I hide my emotions AMA
31 m broken dick
I'm Italy and it's so boring. I have really nothing to do so for passing the time AMA
I AM FROM SPAIN, THIS IS ITALY 2 NOW #coronavirus
Psychotherapist treating and supporting people with severe worries regarding the coronavirus. AMA
My school closed until the 30/3 and my parents want me to quarantine at home until it reopens. I will not comply. AMA
I'm a gay trans guy, AMA
I Just reached 10k karma and created a sub! AMA
I’m profiting off coronavirus AMA
if a woman gets raped, and has an orgasm in the process then I have no sympathy for her. She clearly wanted it loool
I am considering suicide. Ama.
I've Contracted The Coronavirus (Covid-19) AMA
I live near Montgomery County in Pennsylvania, AMA
I believe corona virus will be a net benefit to society ama
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
Im 15yo from slovenia and outta school cuz od covid-19 ama
My school closed down due to covid-19 and the government is about to lock down our country. AMA
I am 100% pro coronavirus ama
My country is on lockdown because of the coronavirus
My school is the first school to be shut down in New Mexico. AMA.
I love EDM AMA
I am in America and my brother probably has covid-19. AMA
I'm from the small country of Latvia AMA
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I am the smartest. AMA.
I lost my best friend to suicide AMA
Hospital is restricitng research due to Corona AMA
I lived in China for a few years, AMA
Guess my zodiac sign AMA
I am a metal-head skateboarder who plays upright base I. The high school orchestra. Ask me anything.
I fuck puppies ama
I have Foreign Accent Syndrome. I speak my native language ( Russian) with Turkish accent. AMA
I'm locked out of the house and I'm bored so ama lol
I'm a normal person with an uninteresting life. AMA
I worked at McDonalds for over 2 years AMA
My government has proven itself completely incapable of reasonable thought and their immense stupidity is driving me nuts. AMA!
I just got sent home from work due to CoVid-19 AMA
I'm a 17 year old schizophrenic. AMA
I’m a high school student who waitresses at Hooters after school, AMA
I’m 18 and diagnosed with a terminal disease. AMA.
I am an Emergency Medicine Physician working in a hospital with multiple confirmed COVID-19 cases. AMA.
there is no Title,try to AMA
I live in Europe and my country is about to be quarantined. AMA
Considering suicide, AMA
[serious] What’s going to happen with the homeless and those in the prison system as COVID-19 spreads?
I live in Virginia, AMA
I'm a Canadian and it's my cake day! AMA
I'm a furry ama
My school closed for 2 weeks today AMA
I am a normal person ask me anything.
I’m a college student who’s school’s been shut down for coronavirus ama
I fuck puppies, ama
My girlfriend and I started doing online camming for extra money AMA
I'm a furry who supports trump ama
Apparently my life is unusual so AMA
My school is not closed down due to the corona virus, AMA.
I helped my terminally ill father take advantage of California's "Death with Dignity" to end his own life. Please "ask me anything" if you are in a similar position and would like to know more.
I am an out of state student being kicked off my campus because of COVID-19 AMA.
I have a swim meet at a school that has been closed for Coronavirus! AMA
I live in Italy and I have an autoimmune disease
My bf is on a cruise and I have bad lungs and a low immune system. He doesn’t think the coronavirus is a big deal. I’m worried when he comes home AMA
I’m a secondary school student in Ireland and it has just been announced that schools are shut down and mass gatherings are banned because of the corona virus. AMA
slow day at work .. AMA
I am a skateboarder who cant ollie but can do bert really well ask me anything
I live in staten island
I go to Lake Orion highschool in Michigan, one of the very first northern outbreaks of corona virus. AMA!
I am from the Canary Islands, one of the affected places of COVID-19, AMA!
I suffer from clinical depression... Due to which I sometimes can't get erect (ED)... and due to ed I have anxiety... And my anxiety contributes towards me unable to get erect... AMA
I plan on killing myself on May 25th. AMA
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
There's a coronavirus case about 500 m away from my house. AMA
I'm a 18 Y.O Student who has 855K followers on Instagram |AMA|
Tomorrow is my first cake day
For the first time, last weekend I watched the 3 original star wars movies as well as the #2 and #3 of the prequels. Before this I had only watched phantom menace and the force awakens. AMA
Have a weird variant of postpartum cardiomyopathy that my doctor doesn't know anything about AMA
My school just got shut down due to covid-19.
That snowy girl UvU
I think I actually hava Corona... AMA
My schools closed due to coronavirus AMA
Bored at home. AMA.
im tiktok famous, ama
I have corona virus AMA
what event changed your life? for better or for worse AMA
I think I am definitely not gonna get married and have children, but my parents and relatives will disagree. AMA ! ! !
I am dancing at my own party I invited nobody to. Ama
I predicted this crash (and both market halts) back in February. Let's see which other predictions came true, and what will happen next... AMA
I'm an aspiring writer, and I just started a blog! AMA.
Just got wisdom teeth taken out feeling kinda loopy. AMA
All schools just got shut down because of corona virus in my country, AMA
I'm a reclusive virgin. AMA.
I'm a young type 1 diabetic about to take a greyhound Bus from Florida to Texas. Excited but Worried as hell about the risk of Coronavirus from the crowd... AMA
F 35. A high school teacher here. AMA
I’m a nurse and a patient I’ve been treating for the last week just tested positive for coronavirus. AMA
After missing 3 cake days, I finally have one I was ready for. AMA
my brother forgot that i had a half day at school and he is my ride ama
I’m out of school for the next two weeks because of coronavirus. AMA
If I get the corona virus I'm immediately going to go to the walmart and start coughing at old people ama
I live in Italy, and we're all in quarantine, AMA
I have depression for a girl who doesn't know me and I'm crazy about her, AMA
I'm Italian citizen (Milan) under quarantine. AMA.
Can't sleep, I'm 23 year old that is a year clear of Acute myeloid leukemia AMA
I am 12 AMA.
I am the guy who dresses up as the cow for my local CFA and have been working there for about 6 months now. AMA
I think I know how King crimson works.
I’m a registered dietitian who covers trending topics in nutrition and health. Ask me anything about nutrition or food planning in case of coronavirus quarantine.
I have the Coronavirus and am quarantined, AMA.
I've been quarantined because of the Coronavirus, ask me anything.
I am dating a guy I used to stalk, ama
I just bombed an entire math exam. Ama
I Live in Syria AMA
I am a Junior in Norway, schools, shops and restaurants are being closed because of the Coronavirus outbreak, AMA
I live syria AMA
New York State Public Universities are being forced to go to online courses starting the 19th of March due to the Coronavirus. Thousands of students are being forced back home, including me. AMA.
I drove across the country and back in ten days in my Volvo 240. AMA!
I am a college student, not sure what im doing in life. AMA
I lost The Game. AMA
I lost The Game. AMA
Corona virus was confirmed in my city AMA
I’m infected with CoronaVirus, on day 5 since I contracted. I live in Madrid, that’s on soft quarantine but nobody respects it.... our health system is collapsing. AMA
I’m a sober alcoholic. AMA
I live one block outside of the National Guard-assisted Covid-19 "containment zone" in New Rochelle, NY. AMA.
Just ask me anything no theme AMA.
I just woke up AMA
I work in a call center that is fielding calls about covid-19 AMA
Ladies of reddit, how bothered are you by a guy with a foot fetish?
My abusive mother gave me horrible punishments when I was younger, AMA
I can roast literally anything and anyone, Ask me anything
My school just moved all lectures online. AMA.
I live in Wuhan ,AMA
I think I had a psychotic break AMA
I’m a very large black man AMA
I work at Tim Hortons AMA
29 yrs old currently in lockdown in Bologna, Italy. This is brutal. I did not expect this. AMA
I ran from China because of coronavirus, now the virus has entered my country and spreading rapidly, now I want to go back to China because the situation is getting better there. But I can't because China has banned flights from/to my country lol. AMA
Im from denmark, and in qurantine and feeling a bit lonely AMA
My friends and I started a now sponsored gaming club in high school AMA.
Lost both my legs in a car accident. AMA
I live in Wuhan , AMA !!
Pre t trans man, ama!
I work in the funeral/cemetery industry. AMA!!
Trans Man, 18 and Republican. No hate but AMA!
I stay on new reddit AMA!
autistic female aged 14. my mom does sex work! ama!
I'm bored, AMA
People who wear masks 😷 to “protect” yourselves from contracting the Corona or Covid-19, why are you only covering your mouth and not your nose 👃 ?
You are probably in some state of denial AMA
im waiting for aniplex to dub the episode of SAO: A - WoU im on AMA
I just made a pizza myself for the first time :) AMA
I've worked in UK supermarkets for over 14 years...
I just left chick fil a. I said thank you and they didn’t reply “my pleasure”. AMA.
I'm the guy who makes new accounts in order to roast people and ultimately make your, the average Internet user's life miserable. Ama if you got no life.
I’m Brazilian. AMA
I just visited Chick-Fil-A this morning and they posted they are NO LONGER giving refills due to the coronavirus...AMA!
I'm a trans girl about to take a learners permit test, love the country, ps4, and playing rdr2 on xbox. AMA!
I am a attractive woman with a very unattractive personality.....AMA
I'm sitting on a bench in public and every question you ask me I'm gonna ask a stranger passing by and tell you their response. AMA
My school just got shut down till the end of March. AMA.
I Have High Functioning Autism AMA
I’m flying back from Berlin to the USA Today, AMA!
I am in Italy AMA
i loathe shriners hospital ask me anything
I’m a college student being forced to move back home (9 hours away) due to COVID-19. AMA.
I have Corona virus AMA
I just ate a 2 and a half old Oreo candy bar
I just came out of surgery (appendicitis surgery)
I can get all 120 stars in Super Mario 64 AMA
Hi Reddit! I am just a student intern. AMA!
Ex-Banker here. After watching Netflix's Dirty Money I thought to myself - This WELLS FARGO SCANDAL GOES MUCH DEEPER
I did meth for the first time today. AMA.
Corona virus just reached my school and it hasn't closed yet AMA
I’m the university guy that wakes up at 5am, AMA:)
I just managed to go 1 hour without touching my face. AMA.
I have 1000 karma AMA
I was a stockbroker/financial advisor for 12 years AMA
My country Paraguay is on lockdown with only 2 cases of COV-19 AMA
I am a social worker who works at a 200 bed nursing facility with seniors... during this virus we are taking so many protocols but I am still really anxious? Ask me anything
I (20f) have been on birth control from age 16 to 19. AMA
I’m Irish AMA
19 year old living in Hong Kong, AMA
I am a huge wimp who finally played a VR horror game and did not pause it every few minutes AMA.
im under 'lockdown' in italy right now AMA
I'm in the country in Europe that does not have any official corona cases rn. AMA
I'll give you terrible life advice. AMA
i’m a narcissist, AMA.
I’m a child of a Hollywood star AMA
I’m 15, I’ve never Tried alcohol or vaping. AMA
People of reddit. Why do you think a bunch of people are just blatantly copying popular AMAs like they haven’t been made already?
I’m the guy who asked ama.
I am a diehard Flat Earther AMA
Possible LOCKDOWN of my city
Braiding in dreads at 5am - AMA
I live in Milan AMA
I was diagnosed with clinical depression? Ask me anything.
I am chronically ill and terrified of the virus. AMA!
I cracked 3 of my front teeth an hour ago, at around 4am, so now I feel like I just ruined my life, AMA!
I'm a highschool senior in Austria and my school is being closed for the next month. AMA
I don't have to go to school for a month because of Covid19 AMA
My parents are deaf and I am the only one able to hear in my entire family, grandparents, cousins, aunts, uncles, etc... AMA
Our entire school system will shut down on monday due to COVID-19. AMA.
Redditors of reddit I’m am currently in Egypt and we are being hit by a hurricane RIGHT NOW AMA
I’m Costa Rican. AMA
AMA but you ask and I respond and you edit your questions so it seems Im crazy.
Last one standing
I am currently questioning my gender AMA
Nobody ever responds to my AMA’s. AMA
I just got quarantined for COVID19. Ask me anything.
Sex with a divorced cousin
I have almost always hair over my eyes, AMA
i'm non-binary. AMA.
My college just moved to online classes; no more lectures AMA
Today Thursday March 12, 2020 is my last day of college. AMA
I’m so bored someone just ask me anything please. I’ll tell you anything you want to know I’m so lonely please
I've consistently gotten 6 or less hours of sleep every night for the last month, AMA.
I (F19) have just discovered that I love eating ass. AMA.
Sitting in my bed at 2:15 in the moring with a cold and worried I’m bouts get the Coronavirus AMA
I have just discovered I love eating ass. Ama.
I'm a Shiny hunter in Pokemon, AMA
I’m danish and my country is shutting down AMA
I'm a 20 year old Swedish self-made millionaire. Ask me anything.
Day 42 of school suspension, 39 more days to go (hopefully), AMA
I was suppose to go to my second home, El Salvador, tomorrow night. But decided not to go due to a national quarantine order by the President of El Salvador. AMA
Slowly dying from allergies, ask me anything.
My 2nd home, El Salvador, announced a national quarantine. No one can’t enter the country unless they do quarantine in ES or go home. My flight was tomorrow not, but decided to not go because I’m not in the mood to be in quarantine. AMA
I’m an 18 year old non-mormon living in a mormon (or Christian for people who don’t know what mormon is) household. AMA
I'm a young kid feeling strong bisexual tendencies. AMA
My country is the second one in europe to shut down because of the Coronavirus. AMA
Posted on r/depression and was told my problems weren’t big enough. Attempted suicide last month in my dorm and everyone found out. AMA
I'm a normal german student. AMA
I am bad at counter-strike and my country (denmark) has pressed pause. AMA
i exist, AMA
I aced my classes from 1st to 4th grade with straight 9/10 10/10... AMA!
Death
I've had pneumonia 29 times an I don't know why. Reddit ask me anything
I have social anxiety and depression. AMA
24yo kissless virgin planning to pursue a PhD in mathematics, AMA
I'm under age for Reddit but who cares! AMA
I am leaving r/AMA tonight AMA
I'm a stupid brown kid living in India who's way over the Indian culture and wants to leave this country asap... AMA
I'm a bored teen from Argentina. AMA
I'm a stupid brown kid living India who's way over the Indian culture and wants to leave this place asap... AMA
My school will close down for 2 months next week because of the corona virus. AMA
I dont get offended. AMA
Honeymoon to the UK is being cancelled due to the travel ban because of the coronavirus AMA!
AMA, no backstory, just AMA
AMA but edit your question to make my response look very suspicious
I'm lonely, Gay, and have nobody to talk to. AMA.
I was supposed to study abroad, but my program was canceled because of COVID-19. AMA!
I’m going to Seattle (the COVID-19 US epicenter) tomorrow to stay the night. AMA
I am convinced that my faculty and graduate mentors tanked my senior research project. AMA
It's late at night and I can't fall asleep. AMA.
police and drugs
Hi I am just a dude who is here to tell you I lost the game! (And I suppose you did too) AMA
I have autism. Ask me anything!
I have covid19. Ask me anything.
I masturbated with soap in the shower and I’m now facing the consequences, AMA
My life collapsed and keeps collapsing. AMA
It’s my birthday and only my cat wished me happy birthday, ama!
I live in South Korea AMA
Nursing Home Worker. 10+ yrs exp and during corona, AMA
I'm eating a pb&amp;j sammich at five a.m. after a failed lucid dream attempt AMA
I just watched 2 Girls 1 Cup for the first time AMA
I was in a sexually and psychologically abusive relationship when i was 11. AMA
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Student. They just shut down my University and I'm both bored and nervous. AMA
I'm Asexual AMA
I'm the only female, in my graduation class, in my major. AMA
I'm way too early for my job interview. AMA.
It's my first Cake Day and I'm worried that I'll get fat if I pig out on my reddit cake
I live in Washington state. AMA
My school is closing for 2 months next week because of convid-19. AMA
I turned 15 on March 10th, AMA
I just lost the game. AMA
When I was 8 years old, I survived both a sepsis infection and a bite by the most deadly spider in my region (brown recluse). AMA.
Bored at work
AMA request: Couple(s) who met at Disneyland's Videopolis in the 80s.
AMA: I am a life long pro wrestling fan.
I’m a journalist. AMA
I'm obsessed with Don Henley and I just cant help it... AMA...
I am procrastinating writing an essay for school AMA
I have a bone disorder that causes thousands of random bumps to appear on my bones. AMA
I had all the symptoms of COVID-19 in the UK but was not tested.
I‘m voluntarily in a high risk area of coronavirus for work. AMA
I am Portuguese, AMA
the college i go to got classes canceled for the rest of the semester and i have to take online classes bc of the coronavirus ama
I'm a bisexual nonbinary trans man, AMA
I am 0.1 on the attractive scale.(0-10) AMA
I wipe my ass with paper towel now AMA
I was a bot boy for the royals during spring training ama
Procrastinating my AP lit homework, AMA
I have more than 25 league of legends accounts banned for toxicity.Ask me anything
No context. AMA
I have a bidet. No TP shortage for me. Ask me anything.
I'm a flight attendant for a major US airline. AMA
I have G-HSV 1 . AMA
I want to die
Feeling good today, just ask me anything!
I live near Seattle right now, the epicenter of the USA coronavirus outbreak AMA
I just moved to a mainly spanish speaking area and I don't know spanish AMA.
I just received a talk about micro-sexism in school, given by the government. AMA
I'm at a Drake Bell concert AMA
I have asthma and neurofibromatosis AMA
I’ve been expelled from 3 schools this year AMA
I will take offence to anything you say, AMA.
I like many people on the AMA use it as a form to just talk because they are lonely. AMA.
I am thinking of a number between 1 and 1,000. Ask me the number
Tested positive for corona virus
I'm a traditional/digital artist, AMA
Ask me about littiraly anything
Im very scared and afraid of covid-19 and tbh i really dont wanna die
Assistant manager of a grocery store, ama
I used to work at a processing plant for a large national poultry company. AMA
I tried omegle for an hour and I have seen things, AMA.
I have incredible self control, AMA
I've been in more than one abusive relationship- AMA
I'm the "smart girl" in my small class of 26 kids. Not bragging, but AMA
I have a huge Daddy kink! AMA
I live in a private boys boarding school in the UK, AMA
I was scammed by one of those celebrity scammers AMA
I have autism AMA
I have been in the Furry Community for about 3 years and have seen way too much. AMA
I am changing my tablet AMA
I don’t experience emotions AMA
My wife currently has her hand on my shoulder and has fallen asleep, I cannot move whatsoever AMA
I have been through the foster care system and have been adopted. AMA
I am a male contortionist, ask me anything!
(22 M) just found out something
Ask me a question, but then edit your post after my response to make me seem like a psychopath. (Idea gained from a Youtube video i saw.)
I’m a teen girl with OCD, a misunderstood diagnosis. Please ask me anything
I accidentally consumed edibles with 200mg THC 20 minutes ago AMA
Pretty Normal Guy. Ask Me Anything
You can AMA
I was arrested for First Degree Arson. I am pending trial. AMA
I'm 5'1" and consider myself plus-sized. How much do you think I weigh?
My school district is preparing for the Coronavirus outbreak, AMA!
I attend a University in the Southeast US that had suspended the school year due to the corona virus. AMA
your character has been revealed. you have tried to hide it all these years, but my cunning has tricked you. the power of my intellect has seduced you and has rendered you powerless with its manly qualities. you are but a maiden, ripe for the taking. AMA
I'm a convicted stalker (ama)
I was sexually abused as a young child by a teenage babysitter. I suffer from ptsd and abandonment issues but do seek help life is going well so no worries!
I am colorblind, AMA!
I'm supposed to be doing chores right now but I'm too distracted by Reddit. AMA
My country (Denmark) got closed down today and I'm gonna have a 14-day holiday AMA
This year I experienced a psychotic break lasting for months. This experience included paranoid delusions and hallucinations AMA
I have ADD, and it’s so bad that it came to the point I almost failed a grade. Ask me anything.
My college just shut down because of Covid-19. AMA
My school got shut down because of coronavirus, but they didn't tell us until the last possible second. AMA.
I'm 25 years old and still have trouble pronouncing "Rs". AMA
19 y/o girl locked down in Italy. AMA!
I enjoy gangbangs! AMA!
Just Smoked Crack in Applebees AMA
I(14M) got to high school with my niece(16F) and nephew(16M). AMA
I’m killing myself tonight. AMA
I'm a medical mystery. AMA. [SERIOUS]
Just got 2 weeks off from school due to corona virus (I DON'T HAVE THE VIRUS) AMA
I beat covid-19 on my own, AMA
I like a girl, ask me anything
I'm still not over my last relationship that ended january 2019 AMA
Hi i live in Albania where all schools closed down bcuz of CoronaVirus and we are right next to Italy
I deleted my favourite app to prove assholes have real impact on other's lives. Ama.
I stayed awake for 9 days (216 hours), AMA
Hello
I’m an American AMA
I almost killed myself because of a fictional Character AMA
I live in the United States and am being treated for coronavirus : AmA
I’m a karma whore who’s trying everything to get karma. Ask questions and PLEASE upvote:)
i exist, ama
I have a girlfriend, ask me anything.
I am in the same town as the coronavirus. AMA
I was born without a sense of smell AMA.
I am a Pastors kid and a homosexual , ask me anything
I am a Counselling Psychologist specialized in Eating Disorders. Ask me anything.
I just permanently cut all contact with my best friend, AMA.
I am about for with all the punches life s throwing at me. Ask me anything.
About 20 years ago, my girlfriend at the time gave me her pretty rare car for free. Within 6 months, I forgot where I left it in downtown Dallas and never saw it again. AMA.
(U.S.) I'm officially staying home until the coronavirus is contained, AMA
I’m releasing releasing three rap songs in two weeks AMA
I was a shoplifting analyst (for 3 years) for a company that owns malls, AMA
I'm bored. AMA
Tired of seeing coronavirus-related AMAs. AMA
I am Udo Lindenberg, the Godfather of German Rock. AMA
I’m training my own assistance dog. AMA
I have been the cheatee for a female coworker 3 years ago. AMA
My school is closed until April 20 because of COVID-19. AMA
I jacked off to 228922 AMA
Listen, pal. I'm going to educate you about women in the workplace. This type of situation is the kind of situation that makes it possible for an innocent man to get sent to prison for 23 years because he grabbed a woman's ass at a Christmas party back in 1987. AMA
i have multiple personalities, AMA
I am NTA ask me anything.
I am a human suffering from anxiety, depression, and ptsd, all diagnosed by doctors. AMA
I'm a 130 IQ, 17yo Redhead. AMA!
There’s a storm and the country is closing for 3 days
School next to my school has the coronavirus AMA
My school is closed due to corona virus AMA!
I live in Santiago, Chile. AMA
I'm a weed addict trying to quit AMA
I have EDNOS(now called OSFED) ama
I have maladaptive daydreaming, AMA
I'm danish ask me anything
I’m an abuse survivor with a depersonalization disorder, Ask Me Anything
Wildland firefighter of 15 years with international experience - AMA!
I live in Spain, Madrid. AMA
I have Autism, AMA!
I just permanently cut all contact with my best friend, AMA.
I work at a paintball field ask me anything
Im a normal highschool boy AMS
I have mastered the arts of not giving a fuck. AMA
I work in the British film+tv industry. Ask my anything.
I live in Iran. AMA
Corona just shut Denmark down. AMA
I’m a flight attendant, AMA
I have ARFID (Avoidant Rectrictive Food Intake Desorder) AMA
I just permanently cut all contact with my best friend, AMA.
I am a anarco capitalist ask me anything
I am a verbal autistic thinker. Words type themselves out in front of me when I talk AMA!
I am a Furry! Ask me anything!
My university is shut down for the rest of the semester because of coronavirus. AMA.
I’m a Dane in Denmark while Denmark is having a lock down because of the corona virus (covid-19) AMA
I talked my wife into having sex with her male cousin, AMA
I am living in Greece and schools just closed. AMA
I live in the United States and someone in my small town has coronavirus, and my school is shut down for at least two weeks. AMA!
I’m a Dane and my country just shut down AMA
I'm high on xanax AMA
I’m a 12 year old. AMA
I have qualified for the nations history bee. AMA
I’m adopted myself and about to start fertility treatment AMA
I am a Christian women’s confidence/life coach and speaker. Ask me anything.
I need help
I’m a women’s confidence coach and speaker AMA
My [18M] girlfriend [18F] has been working at a Hooters since January, AMA
Listening music laying on my bed and watching shit about coronavirus.AMA
If I was President and I hate a fatal disease that was going to kill me in a week or so, I would launch missiles against Russia and China to start a nuclear war so that hundreds of millions of people would die with me and the planet would be destroyed. AMA
I work in a nursing home trying to keep out the coronavirus, AMA
My state just got its first corona case! AMA
I am Boy from Texas who has lived in Russia for the last 6 months and is stlill here, ask me anything you’ve ever wanted to know about the world’s largest country. AMA
My country just got 'shut down' (schools and institutions) because of the coronavirus, AMA
An attempt on my life was made by the Clinton administration. Ama!
I use a computer in class AMA
It's my cake day! AMA.
Just got out of the hospital AMA.
I’m a Hockey Player from Michigan AMA
I have ADHD and im intelligent ama
So I was at the grocery store the other day and I whipped out my cock in the cat food aisle. AMA
I survived a bullet shot to the shoulder AMA
After starving for 3 years due to a medical condition no doctor could figure out, I had surgery for MALS and 3 other compression syndromes in September 2018, AMA!
I am an Mafia fish
Im a Graffiti Writter AMA
Im deleting my Reddit account and leaving the platform in 24 hours Ask me anything
I missed my Cake day for the third year in a row AMA
I just got a 100% on a math test for the first time in my life, AMA
I just permanently cut all contact with my best friend, AMA.
Parents of reddit, I’m an average teen (I think) AMA
Tour guide in a package tour here. Ama!
My post earned me negative karma ama
I just permanently cut all contact with my best friend, AMA.
I am a kid in Denmark and the schools are closing, AMA.
I’m starting a challenge to only eat 600 calories a day for the next two weeks, AMA
Hey look another Corona Virus post... AMA
What was your first thought/feeling after learning how to read for the first time?
I use 1 ply toilet paper AMA
My country (Denmark) is under lockdown. AMA.
I just permanently cut all contact with my best friend, AMA.
I'm an Airbnb host in San Francisco during the outbreak. AMA.
I'm a basic teenager, AMA !
I'm(13M) in a family of politicians. AMA
I just got out of Italy this morning! AMA!
I'm a destination wedding planner in Croatia during the Coronavirus outbreak, ask me anything
My country just officially shut down due to Corona! AMA!
The place I worked at shut down, my puppy got hurt and needs major surgery and tonight my girlfriend of 5 years just broke up with me. AMA!
I've a very bad immune system and I Iive in north Italy. AMA
The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo got canceled due to coronavirus, and I was supposed the show cattle tomorrow. We had just finished unloading before they announced it was canceled. AMA
Average Teen Girl AMA
I’m a 16 year old diagnosed (by a doctor) with severe depression, AMA
i got pneumonia, AMA
i’m bored ask me anything
My school might be closing for weeks soon because of coronavirus, AMA
I might have the coronavirus Ama
I’m studying for my English test by browsing reddit. AMA
My school might be closing for weeks soon because of coronavirus, AMA
I just flew commercial during the Corona virus scare. AMA
I am Homeschooled, AMA
People around me are in panic because corona , AMA.
I’m the only person here who isn’t autistic. AMA
I was born and raised in Beverly Hills with a 90210 zip code and 310 area code. AMA
3 years of mma fighting and 5 years of judo. Ama
I am an English language teacher currently in lockdown in the south of Italy. AMA!
AMA and I will say something totally unrelated.
Currently blowing up the bathroom at Jersey Mike's. AMA.
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I'm an Apple tech advisor AMA
I was supposed to go to Italy three weeks ago for a robotics competition. It got cancelled. I am supposed to have a small competition to make up for it on Friday. The government is thinking of shutting down schools tomorrow. AMA
Currently quarantined, AMA
I don’t care about what you have to say
I am a sixteen years old and a martial arts instructor. Ask me anything
I’m a healthcare professional in Switzerland, at the border with Italy. AMA
I'm a distance learning professional. Ask me anything
I'm colorblind. AMA
I have 5 tattoos, AMA.
I'm am high schooler ask me anything
AMA and I'll respond with a song lyric
Namaste . Indian 17 year old here .
I'm high functioning autistic. Ama!
I am a 14 yo autist living in a divorced family, AMA!
I live in England, ask me anything
My husband just left me yesterday. AMA
I am an idiot AMA.
I’m a caretaker and one of my clients died today. AMA
I’m being forced to cake over my dads company and thus can’t follow my dreams AMA
I'm a 100% convinced karma exists, Ask Me Anything
I work at Long John Silvers as a cashier. Ask me anything.
I don't like Egyptian women and i am an Egyptian who lives in Egypt. AMA
i want to die, AMA
I’m diagnosed with depression and anxiety, AMA
[SERIOUS] - I'm italian and the government has put the entire country on lockdown to fight COVID-19. AMA
I'm Italian and a fireman during lockdown AMA
I've run my thumb through a sewing machine, redislocated my knee, and burned my thumb with egg steam. Ama.
I work in a veterinary hospital, kennel, and clinic. AMA
On monday (or wednesday for lower grades) next week, all schools are closed down here in Austria, where I live, due to the COVID-19-Virus. I'm a 8th grader in Austria, AMA.
I was born on January 1st AMA
I'm doing my PhD in clinical psychology. AMA.
I live in a country that is shutting down everything, from shopping centers, to school, to gyms, to cafes. Ask me anything?
My parents pulled a Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt and adopted 7 KIDS!! AMA
I've been living abroad since I turned four. AMA
I've had 2 brain surgeries, 1 spine/brain surgery, 1 choclear implant surgery, and 1 port surgery. All under age 17! AMA
I am a hard of hearing musician with synesthesia (I see colors with music.) AMA
I answer 999 emergency calls. AMA.
Not an AMA but someone be my friend
I'm currently in class, (not supposed to be) and in really bored. AMA!
29 year old depressed suicidal incel here. AMA
Currently backpacking in Europe - on a long bus trip to Budapest
I am tired of hearing about the Coronavirus and will not let it stop me from living my life. Ama
I Am a former fascist (not white). Ask Me Anything!
I am bored AMA
I am severely depressed and suicidal. AMA
Bored 16 year old girl from Scotland!
I’m(26F) monogamous and tried out an open relationship AMA
i’m an online sex worker. AMA!
I have pretty severe OCD and really severe ADHD, AMA
Austrian student who's school closes because of corona AMA
Covid-19 just got to my county AMA
I have been in prison (Greece). AMA
I have an essay due tomorrow. AMA
Student at a university in the US that won’t be returning to class after spring break but instead will be all online. AMA!
Life's Depressing Since Childhood. Ask Me Anything
I'm working a 12 hour shift tonight all by myself. AMA
I work at a private international school in Spain. One of our students has just confirmed to test positive for COVID-19. There´s still an hour left in the school day. AMA
REQUEST: Somebody who has/had Coronavirus
Joined Reddit a year ago in the hope that it would help me leave a crap relationship! AMA
I'v reached a morbid association of sleep deprivation , anorexia , substance abuse and hard work. AMA
Me (15 years old) and my brother (13 years old) were grounded from everything, for a whole month. AM(us)A
Dentist sent me a message.
I like playing weird games with my penis. AMA
Today i won an award in reddit, AMA.
I live in a country where there is more than 100+ cases of covid 19 and i have an autoimmune disorder as the cherry on top. AMA
In Iss (In school suspension) for a fight AMA
I'm gay and went to a straight Strip Club. AMA!
I'm apparently 99.7th+ percentile in terms of IQ. AMA
Hello Reddit! Its my birthday today, AMA!
I should be working but as you can guess I’m on reddit instead, AMA
I’m 6’2 in Highschool. Ask Me Anything.
I am a 15 year old gay autistic AMA
The schools in Romania are closed from 11 march to 22 of march.Ask me absolutly anything.
I’m a diagnosed Psychopath AMA
Im A-sexual. AMA
I, Australian (15F) am exchange in France. AMA
My mom was a sugar babe and my dad was a sugar daddy when I was born AMA
I am a pastor's kid ask me anything
I am a Son who found the Dead Body of his Mother. AMA
I am a normal teen from inner city london
Traveling in the UK(mid outbreak?) from US for champions league, AMA
I live in Massachusetts and the Cornavirus is surging here AMA
I'm almost 14 years old and I am currently been doing online learning for almost 2 months now cuz I'm currently living in HK. AMA
I am very cursed, AMA
I'm almost 14 years old and I am currently been doing online learning cuz I'm in HK for almost 2 month now. AMA
I'm from a town of 400 in Mississippi. AMA
I’m 15 and writing a novel. AMA!
I hate abortion. AMA
Been hospitalized in mental institutions for months.
Today is the second day of implementing online schools for saudi arabia. Ama!
Business Traveler who hooks up with married women on the road. AMA.
I am a 14 Year old boy from the Netherlands. AMA
My grandpa committed suicide on the same house i was when i was 11 AMA
I think the coronavirus is a fantastic thing, ama
I am from a very poor country and recently the coronavirus arrived, but the government and the media make fun of us by hiding information! AMA
Italian guy who is in quarantine such as all families here
Its my cake day! AMA
Reactive (fear based) German Shepherd owner that has made huge strides with the help of trainers - AMA
I live in poland and the schools are closing down. Ama
The corognavoris made me gay ama
AMA, but when I reply edit the comment making me offensive
I worked for ASIS (Australian Secret Intelligence Service), ask me anything!
I am a professional Csgo player AMA
Former foster-care, group home child (for about 5 years) Got a GED. lived on my own for myself (about 2 years) worked a few odd jobs and made a few (maybe more than a few) juvenile financial decisions and became homeless for a few months. Joined the Marine Corps. Currently serving. AMA!
I am a 22 year old non-sexual transgender aspie ama
Schools in my country are closed for 2 weeks because od coronavirus. AMA
We’re a German school group Stuck in Italy / Rome. Ask us anything!
I'm normal human being. Ask me anything
I've been talking to my fiance on a daily basis since the day we met and we still get bored or sad when the other isn't around. AMA
I was in school with a person who is suspected to have coronavirus, AMA
I’m in self-isolation because of Coronavirus. AMA
It’s my 21st birthday today. AMA
I'm a scottish non binary person self isolating for coronovirus in Sweden. Ama
I am a 14 year old Pro-Gun Republican, AMA
I work in a large supermarket/grocery store AMA
I am the mistress of a family man, and his wife is okay with it. AMA.
I sing as a hobby, AMA.
Got into an argument with my current boyfriend and now risk the possibility of going back to prison. AMA.
I have been adding to a cum jar for 10 years - AMA.
I can lick both my elbows and I’ve been in therapy since 1st grade (14 years). AMA
My butt hole is haunted - I keep hearing noises coming from it. AMA
I have DID (Dissociative Identity Disorder) AMA
I stared down into the basement with the lights off and told the boogie man to come at me - AMA.
Got kicked out of school and my parents house I'm 15 Lol
I was in contact with a person that is infected with Coronavirus (Covid-19) and I will be tested for the virus today. AMA
Im sitting next to u/beppeofficial
My 6 year LDR partner died 2 days before we were going to meet for the first time and I attended her funeral instead. AMA.
I stared into the basement with the lights off and called the boogy man a fgt - AMA
I’m staying in a haunted hospital room. AMA
I lived in the harem of Muammar Gaddafi. AMA.
I'm Dirty Dan
Brother commited suicide 7 months ago ask me anything
I've been homeschooled all my life. AMA.
Ask me a question and I will answer stupidly. AMA
I went to confront my H.school bully 15 years later and found him wheel chair bound - AMA
Straight, masculine guy wanting a trans GF, ask me anything
AMA but edit your question to make me look extremely stupid
was part of a gang and a sex worker under aged. AMA
Im 17 today, ask me anything
ARE YOU OK?
Just a Kid in Quarantine in Boston, Ask me anything
I don’t pay for sewage because I have a septic tank. AMA
I am in the closet, AMA!
I'm an alter in a dissociative identity disorder system, AMA
I'm about to cum AMA
I had my dog put to sleep in my backyard! AMA
Diagnosed Sociopath AMA
Im a Utahn ask me anything
I am a human „calculator“ AMA!
I'm lesbian, transgender, 12, and Buddhist/Christian. Ama
I am wearing an adult diaper right now.
I just got banned from r/Askreddit, AMA!
I live in AZ AMA
My entire online social media presence for almost a decade was systematically deleted in the last few days, ama
I just made my first reddit account, Ask Me Anything!
Im Autistic/ADHD/Dyscalculic. Or as i call it, the holy trinity. AMA
My dad “dated” a 16 yo when he was 40 AMA
I was born two months early ama
I was at Disneyland and took two flights this week during Covid-19 panic. AMA
I am 12 years old and still wear diapers. AMA
My (20f) NYC College is preparing to shut down due to coronavirus. My flight is in two days. AMA
My mom is 37 and hot AMA
Ask me anything and i will respond with terrible advice, AMA!
I work selling Monsters and Demons, AMA
Back in 2017, I was involved in a extremely bad car accident and presumed dead for 3 minutes and 55 seconds. I saw so many things in my “sleep” that Ill never forget. AMA
bullied trans kid who got tiktok famous, AMA
i have ocd AMA
I will respond to every question on this thread as if I’m you from the future. AMA.
I’m an extrovert! AMA.
I’m drunk and and have work in the morning, AMA
I'm 20, have a college degree, and am in the process of fixing up a house so I can move out AMA
I am a sad and stressed but feeling hopeful nevertheless. AMA
I'm bipolar, adhd and have ptsd. Ask me anything.
I am a student at a university which (come Thursday) will be closed for a minimum of 3 weeks due to COVID-19. AMA!
I'm an Aquarius AMA
18F AMA
I'm an English Teacher in Zhejiang, China, between Hubei and Shanghai. All schools have been closed for two months now, AMA!
My Model UN Conference just got cancelled. AMA
Me and my 4 siblings have been home schooled our whole lives. Ask me anything.
I am a competitive Minecraft player AMA
I have social anxiety ama
Finished jury duty this week on a criminal case. AMA
I was sexually assaulted when I was 13 by 3 adults and escaped midway through the assault. AMA
My dad is a Marxist ex pat. We moved to rural Georgia, US. I went to 9 different schools. Music and books were the only things that kept me alive til my 20s. I have a business and a family now. AMA!
I have agnosichronophobia, AMA.
found my sisters reddit account and she talks smack abt me ama
High Roller Gambling Addict AMA
I want to be a choral director. AMA!
I’m a sex addict AMA
Just your average bored AMA!
Im a guy and i bought a pair of women's wedges and im waiting to try them on
I have a 5.0 gpa, AMA!
I witnessed a hate crime. Ask me anything.
Today is my (28F) birthday as it’s passed midnight in the UK. I can’t sleep so ask me anything.
I used to be a cheerleader AMA
I’m a fatass who hates exercise. AMA
Just a random dude who just discovered this sub. AMA
18F with a YouTube channel ask me A N Y T H I N G
10 year automotive body technician AMA.
AMA then edit to make me an asshole
Im 16 and i have a 19cm penis, AMA
I’m an 18-year-old guy but I stopped aging when I was 12, AMA.
I live in one of the worst areas in England. AMA :)
I’m a teenage girl being raised in the mormon church, but I’m also a closeted atheist. AMA. Don’t hold back.
I’m an American 16 year old mixed bisexual genderqueer orphan in college AMA
I’m obsessed with memorising things. AMA
I just had amazing sexting, AMA (i'm F18), AMA
I’m an high functioning autistic pre med in my last year AMA
I give somewhat good advice AMA
I am a czech student whose university closes for 12 days. AMA
I’m obsessed with memorising things. AMA
Im In AIT Right Now AMA
I [21M] am an Italian student. I live in Friuli and I used to study in Padua where hundreds of people have coronavirus. AMA!
I’m am a diagnosed Narcissisy
my school system just announced closing for the coronavirus, ama!
I have no large intestine, AMA
I live in italy
I just was discharged from a residential treatment facility for eating disorders. AMA!
I’m a random dude with nothing interesting about me. AMA
I’ve been a sex worker in one of the biggest cities in America for 7 years, including when I was underage. AMA.
I’ve (literally) had 6 abortions in a little over 2 years, ask me anything.
I could’ve took a round trip to the Maldives with all the money stole from me last week AMA
Average middle schooler
IAmA female firefighter &amp; paramedic here ~ AmA!
I am a Cosplayer, AMA!
As a PT cook at a popular US 24-hour restaurant, I have not washed my hands over the last 8 days. Tonight, I may cough in someone's food just to prove a point that you won't get sick. AMA.
I only use the subreddit when I get drunk in hopes of being downvoted to oblivion. AMA
The covid-19 care center is about a mile from my house in my state and it’s optional so anyone there can walk out whenever AMA
I am an all knowing god ama
I’m currently at my local emergency room - AMA!
17f and missing my ex, she’s wonderful. Distract me, AMA.
I'm an Italian living in the Coronavirus red zone of Veneto region. AMA
I think I'm in love.. AMA
I ran away from home when I was 10 and never came back. AMA
I live one block outside of the COVID-19 Containment Zone in New Rochelle, NY. AMA.
i'm an international student who can't go home due to covid-19 emergency procedures, AMA
Currently hooked on post-surgery morphine AMA
I live in Greece
I have an entirely carpeted house. AMA.
I live in the region with most coronavirus cases in italy, AMA
AMA Request: Looking for Taco Bell Employees
I am invincible to being rick rolled
I accidentally deleted my old account with 7k post Karma and 2k comment karma. AMA.
I'm a fairly wealthy western man, with a poor filipino girlfriend. Currently in a long distance relationship. AMA
I’m here to bust myths about gay bi and pansexual lads AMA
I've been coughing for 4 years straight.
I'm a university student from Vienna, Austria, where the government announced several measures to slow down the spread of Coronavirus. One of them is closing universities in the whole country from Monday on, but most already will cede regular operation tomorrow (as does mine). AMA!
IAmA medical professional working in an advanced medi-spa ~ AMA!
British stuck in Rome!
I work at Starbucks, ama!
25 Gay SoCal it’s raining and I’m sad AMA
Both my Parents were deported when I was 8, AMA
I’m a political moderate. AMA
I'm a Marxist AMA
I'll answer pretty much any questions. AMA
I’ve been underweight all my life AMA
I have lice on my arms - AMA
I have (to make it short) a mite extreme version of anger issues AMA
In 24 years I have moved 15+ times. AMA
I am a watchmaker!
AMA, I got raided for a indoor cannabis grow
I'm the only male in a class of 30 at University. AMA
I play guitar AMA
I live and study in Russia. AMA
I'm a homicidal depressed 14 trans male with PTSD ama
I ate a sandwich ask me anything
This is my second nice cake day and it's the birthday of an important person for me
I'm in my last year at the first Latin America Sustentable School. AMA
So I beat up a bully
I am a teenage car enthusiast AMA
I am an Air Traffic Controller- AMA!
I just won first place in a writing competition. AMA!
answering questions you're too scared to ask girls
19yo saudi male, AMA
I was hit by a bus and spend 6 weeks in hospital. AMA
I was brainwashed into beliving i was a pedofile. AMA
I’ll give you bad advice, AMA
I’ll just give you bad advice, AMA
I'm from Italy and my country is now on Lockdown due to coronavirus, ask me anything.
My biological mother used drugs ask me anything.
I’m a girl and have a crush on a girl.
My school has closed because of the virus AMA!
I moved from the suburbs to the hood now I’m in deep trouble AMA
Diagnosed with adhd and autism. AMA
I'm 10 Years old and have been on the internet since I was 3 2012 July 3rd AMA
I am infected with coronavirus.
I just washed my Alcantara phone case with shampoo and conditioner. AMA
I am a thumb sucker at 13, AMA
I’ve beaten depression, AMA!
I’ve beaten depression, AMA!
Got two weeks off of school from COVID-19, AMA
I am an actor with ADHD and autism AMA
You have gained the power to change one thing in the world to make people's life slightly inconvenient. What do you change?
I think that couple who did an AMA about the diamond princess is pretty ugly, AMA
I'm from Colombia, ask me anything
you speaking to a real nigga. ask me anything
It's my birthday. AMA!
I suffer from severe depressive disorder and despite the constant desire to die every day I managed to get out of bed today for the first time in a week. AMA
I'm from Russia and I love your stereotypes about everything Russian. AMA
I'm from Russia and I love your stereotypes about everything Russian. ANA
I'm from Russia and I love yor stereotypes about all Russian. AMA
I self harm in my sleep. AMA
I am from Italy AMA
Im a 29 year old virgin, autistic incel. AMA
Im a virgin teenager from Europe AMA.
My grandmother might have the corona virus. AMA
I am Scottish, and have heard allot of stereotypes, ask me anything
First day of self isolation AMA
Bored ama
I exist on the planet earth. AMA!
I'm in my early 20's and I believe my life could not get any worse but I'm slowly improving myself so I can have the life I want. AMA
I dont suport the straw ban AMA
I have autism ask me anything (dont worry Karen it dosent come from vaccines)
Several of my coworkers are currently talking about going on a cruise in May 2020 - AMA
I'm a faunophiliac, AMA
23 year old college going girl here. Got nothing to do now. I am an open book and ama including NSFW.
I do hypnosis on YouTube
I was a hooligan during my teenage years... AMA!
I'm Bathroom Friend. I steal toilet paper from work instead of buying it. AMA
I wrote an entire codex AMA
Suddenly can’t smell or taste
I'm one of those sign spinners that you see outside of businesses AMA
I live in a not so big city in Italy and I know this has been already done but people stocked up on kiwis so AMA!
I strongly dislike Porsche, AMA
I work in a university study abroad office and we’re dealing with COVID-19. AMA
As usual, my colleague walked in on me while I [F 29] was pumping out my overflowing breasts at work today. AMA
I'm a boomer, ama
The lockdown starts tomorrow, schools are closed, but I’m stuck in a hotel in the mountains at least until Friday. AMA.
I’m a bully. AMA
Schools are closed starting tomorrow, but I’m stuck in a hotel in the mountains at least until Friday and the trains stopped going. AMA.
I dropped a 4x8 platform on my ankle AMA
As an adult, my lightest weight was 84kg (185lbs) and heaviest was 125kg (277lbs), now I'm 114kg (253lbs) and I'm my most confident version of myself, AMA!
29 m and bored at work AMA
An athlete living in Monza, Italy stuck in the red zone AMA!
Czech republic just cancelled all schools because of coronavirus. AMA.
I am a 24yo male that will soon be injected with Coronavirus as part of a medical trial to follow me a vaccine. AMA.
My school is locked down for thirty days because of the corona virus AMA!
I am Bathroom Friend. I'm starting a new movement where from now on, men leave the toilet seats up. And if women get pissed off- fuck em. I say, when THEY'RE done, they put the fucking thing UP. This is the way things are going to be from now on. So you better get used to it, Sweet Tits. AMA
I'm a High Roller Gambler - AMA
Self diagnosed procrastinator. AMA.
I'm overweight, ama
I just finished a test. AMA
When I was a kid I had a bike with the banana seat and the high handle bars and I jammed an extra set of front forks onto the original ones so I had a total Easy Rider-style chopper. I pull the thing up to do a cat walk, and the forks with the wheel come off and I face planted into the road. AMA
I'm a 5'4 man. Laugh at me and AMA
I am a certified degernate simp AMA
F 31 Indian. I lost my virginity at 23 to my ex husband. Had sex with him only till I was 28. Got divorced from him and my body count has gone up over three dozen since. AMA
I ate a pack of Oreo's with Coke. AMA!
Bored and quarantined in Italy as the entire country is on lockdown. AMA
I live in Hong Kong. Ask me anything.
First day of lockdown because of the corona virus in my country AMA
Tired young adult who might be a witch (US) AMA
Can we get a flu victim/sufferer on here?
I'm stuck in the countryside of Tuscany while my country is getting locked down 'cause of the Covid-19 outbreak. AMA!
F 35. A school teacher here. AMA
I’m on a 30 hour Greyhound journey. AMA
I'm bored at work AMA
I’m about to fight someone AMA
Snitch
Experienced a missile attack
Italian English teacher living in Turin (IT), currently on lockdown because of Coronavirus, AMA!
(18M) I'm on the bed in my blue pajamas right now. AMA
I'm a high school student and our school in Prague - Czechia got temporarily closed, along with every other school in the country, because of the increasing danger caused by the virus. AMA
I live in Italy and the whole country is currently under lockdown because of the Coronavirus. AMA
It is 8 am. I am drunk. AMA.
I'm currently trying to get out of Italy waiting in the Leonardo da Vinci Roma Airport. AMA
Military medical &amp; coronavirus
I was almost kidnapped when I was young. AMA
Just got back from Italy AMA
In a lockdown in Italy, we cannot leave our houses and schools are closed for a month at least, AMA!
Ooo I wanna take you to the Poconos...
I live in Italy and the whole country is in quarantine. AMA
24 year old female from Australia
I'm autistic, trans, am currently using a wheelchair and have ADHD and I started college this year. AMA
I bought purple sheets
Openly gay 13 year old child, AMA
I just pulled an all nighter playing minecraft and skipping work this morning cause I’m stoopid AMA
All the supermarkets are busted and the schools are closing, AMA
I was born on leap year, Feb 29th. AMA.
I hate niggers AMA
I hate to pee in urinators. AMA
I got bullied for 3 Years
Guy living the first day of lockdown in Italy AMA
I was born in a family of Romanian witches, AMA!
I'm an Italian and I'm in quarantine. I'm having virtual school lessons. AMA!
Madrid's Regional Government cancelled all classes (kindergarten to university) due to coronavirus for 15 days from Wednesday, but I my exams are Monday and Tuesday. AMA
I am in middle school and soccer and shooting sports. AMA
I can turn off my emotions/feelings, ama
I’m bored AMA
Bored 6'9 and roided AMA!
I am Autistic and I also have ADHD, AMA
I’m a 14 year old that got kicked out of schools AMA
Taking a 30 hour greyhound trip! AMA.
Czech Republic just cancelled school lessons and banned all acticities with 100+ people. AMA!
Questions about coronavirus? I'm BBC News' Pallab Ghosh, and I'm here to help!
Millionaire at 19 AMA
Classes were cancelled and im bored AMA
I am a high school student in Hong Kong - an area affected by the coronavirus and protests since June 2019. AMA :)
I'm a Sub! AMA
I’m Jewish and I live in the city of Raleigh, NC.
I have 2,277 days clean and sober, AMA
I'm a competitive Dragon Ball FighterZ with 1.9k hours, ask me anything.
I am a diagnosed NPD. AMA
I just got cured from covid-19 AMA!
Wanna buy some panties?
I need karma so ask away AMA
I have attended a private school for my entire life. Ama!
I'm Australian! Ama!
My boyfriend broke up with me AMA
I was an alcoholic from the age 19 to 24. I recovered this year. AMA!
I am 13 and can solve a Rubik's cube in 24 seconds. AMA!
I have autism it's not like you think ama
I had a paranoid personality disorder before I took psychedelic drugs AMA
I'm an exchange student to Italy who had to return earlier because of Corona Virus. AMA
Anything with a question mark.
(22 M) just found out something
Insights of India form 16 year old, ama
There is a random chimp event happening outside my house ama
I’m a man in my mid-twenties who doesn’t own a caffeine shampoo - AMA
Tonight I'm breaking up with my boyfriend of 3 years AMA
I’m from Australia a places that apparently doesn’t exist AMA
I'm a sex writer, AMA
About 1 hour I as an atheist just got saved by Jesus Christ. AMA
I am italian, ama!
You guys have probably already seen far too many of these, but I'm asexual, aromantic, and (if I had to put a word to it) agender! AMA!
I have Disassociative Identity Disorder
I’ve suffered from chronic insomnia since childhood. I am now in my early 30s. AMA...because obviously, iCant sleep.
Italian under quarantine in red zone AMA
Today is my last day of school, AMA!
I was a 32 year old virgin who just finally had sex - and I got chlamydia - AMA
I am in Korea rn with over 7000 coronavirus cases and school closed, I also have friends in China that I talk to daily. AM(A)
I live in Italy and can't get out of my house for COVID-19. AMA
I dont't want to be best friend's to my best friend anymore. AMA
I am a Russian girl with violet eyes thanks to a derivative of Alexandrias Syndrome Ask what you like.
I'm a Latino living among a very Republican white stepfamily. AMA.
I lived less than 5 miles away from a retreat for Russian ambassadors to the US, which was shut down by the US government during the investigation into Russia's interference with our elections. AMA.
I just figured out that we can save on energy by not leaving the sun on 24/7 - AMA
My mother raped me at the age of 11. AMA
I’m 6 months clean from cutting. AMA
I am currently on my 43rd playthrough of Metroid, AMA.
I am on 24 hour oxygen and I recently joined my first time ever sports team playing volleyball! AMA
I'm a teenager who's experienced the Hong Kong protests the entire time it was going on, AMA !!
I’m very attracted to monsters like Venom and even bigger and ”scarier” ones. AMA.
Should I go to this college?
I’m a high school senior and I’ve lived in NYC my whole life. AMA.
I have had a perfect* life AMA
I currently have the Corona virus. AMA.
I have Vitiligo, AMA
Im in the 99th percentile for my age and height
I’m 17 and have mostly fake teeth, AMA!
I play ultimate frisbee in a competitive league, AMA! 🥏
AMA because I’m bored
I'm homeschooled, ask me anything
I’m a genie and will completely ruin any wish you ask me to grant. Ask me (for) anything.
I'm the grandchild of a US federal judge. AMA
I’m an 18 y/o white dude AMA
I've had head lice for more than 10 years AMA
Ladies I have a question
I need karma to post in other subs so... AMA?
I Need Help !
I am a Sephardic Jew living in the US, AMA!
I eat potatos raw and ice cream with my teeth AMA
I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, more commonly known as the Mormon church. AMA
I am a good ol' man of culture AMA
I'm a Master Pick Up Artist AMA
I am one of very few people battling/overcome Conversion Disorder (also known as Functional Neurological Disorder) meaning I have symptoms, but no physical evidence of it in my brain. AMA!!
Rubbishy internet but I'm currently in Antarctica and am a polar conservationist studying ice seals. AMA
Hi robocop imagine soul ama
Currently doing a job for, and at, a product launch party - for one the most hated companies in America - a multi billion dollar pharmaceutical company. AMA.
I am an intermediate musician and I'm performing procastination ama
I understand the movies "CATS" and "ARRIVAL". AMA.
I am a retired Army Family Doctor and currently teach medical English online to students in China, including 2 quarantined in Wuhan. AMA.
I've been in a psych ward AMA
I have a diaper fetish, AMA!
There's is no point to this AMA
Planning to quit my job AMA
I accidentally came out to my friends while bowling. AMA.
I’m just a regular everyday normal motherfucker, AMA
I’m about to snap, AMA
I will find everything you say nice AMA!
I was diagnosed with depression at 13 years old. Ask me anything.
I was cleaned out of the lungs of an Israeli guy ama
It's my first cake day! AMA!
I live in Italy in the first COVID-19 quarantine Zones . AMA
I'm 22 and lived below poverty line majority of childhood, now about to start my career in investment banking earning more than a 110k AMA
I live in italy in the first red zones . AMA
I’m bisexual, it’s interesting AMA
I a 25 year old gay male dated a rather famous still closeted male youtuber secretly for over a year AMA
My(14M) mom(35F) is a gold digger to my dad(64M). AMA
AMA but, whatever you comment I reply a optimistic way!
I’m bored and don’t want to do my spanish homework. AMA
I’m black and live around mostly white people. AMA
bored n sad, AMA so im not alone?
AMA: I am a regular vanilla person. Ask me anything
Lax morals can be good when you're dealing with chicks though. You don't want some, "I'm saving it till I get married," Christian chick or whatever. AMA
Today me and my mom caught my dad with his lover. AMA
I love Taylor Swift's new song "The man". AMA
I'm PTR2☆TM the ex-owner of the Moshi Monsters Rewritten Discord server and project, and I was recently banned from the server for re-entering. AMA.
I got cake even though nothing happened AMA
High Functioning Sociopath (19F) AMA.
AMA but it's full retard
I think we should make Gordon Ramsey president in 2028 (maybe 2024 if HES ready) ama
I'm an italian on lockdown as of tonight due to the exponential growth of COVID 19. AMA!
I rented a Lamborghini Huracan in Vegas this weekend for fun AMA
AMA but it's full retard
I'm(f) a professional nude model
A colleg crush ?
I'm Italian and officially on lockdown in my house due to the coronavirus. AMA!
I was called a different name at the gym and I now introduce myself to people as that name
I was tricked into drinking piss, AMA!
I have a Rare Superpower, AMA
I am a thirteen year old psychopath. AMA
AMA I will find offensive things about it and explain why it’s offensive ( also keep in mind this is just for fun and I’m not being serious )
I texted the crisis hotline a few hours ago, AMA
I intervened in 39 suicide attempts between the ages of 12 to 18, AMA
I’m starting a new hobby tonight. I’m tired of the moon talking shit and thinking it’s better than me. I refuse to let this continue. So every evening around 2 am, I will be angrily yelling at this celestial bastard to put it back in its place. AMA.
I am from Arizona, USA ask me anything
26 year old male AMA
I'm a healthy person who had open heart surgery this week AMA
I'm a sexslave, AMA
Burnt grilled cheese, am sad. Ama
I'm a stripper, AMA
I need karma
I don’t know if I should go to this college ?
I had a eating disorder when i was 10 ama.
College Crush Advice Help Wanted
Hours ago, Italy, my country, has been put in complete lockdown due to coronavirus. Ama.
I’m that asshole that leaves you on read and takes awhile to respond. AMA
[Serious] College professors/students, what advice would you give an incoming freshman?
I’m bored so ask anything
Just got my ccna certification ama
Just got my cans certification ama
I’m a suicide survivor. Ask me anything.
I spent my high school years 1997 to 2000 in a cult AMA
I fucked my kids teacher off Reddit on Saturday night. AMA
I stole a toothbrush from target AMA
i am da god ama!
Im a German Cashier, AMA
I'm an Israeli teen, please ama while i try to fall asleep
I have Covid-19, and I have attended CPAC, been on the floor of Wall Street Stock Exchange, at Eric Trump's birthday party, and met members of the Chinese Politburo. Ask Me Anything.
I’m Kobe Bryant AMA
It is 0:22 and i cant sleep ama
I live in Israel. AMA!
I am a regular person and I don't have any standout experience or quality which would make for an interesting title , so I listed down some things which are about me , AMA?
Admitted my schizophrenic mother for the third time in the last 2 years. Possibly the last. AMA
I can talk to dead people. AMA
I work as a mechanic at one of the best performing shops under that specific brand AMA
I have multiple mental illnesses. AMA
A year ago today I was writing my suicide note, AMA
Italian government put the whole country in quarantine, I’m an Italian guy turning 20 tomorrow (10th March) AMA
I know how to speed run cluster truck in under 1h 30m AMA
I am working in customer care in a logistics company, ask me anything.
I've self-published a horrific unconventional novella because I'm messed up like that. AMA!
Im that one guy that bites ice cream. AMA
what questions do u have on world war II western front
I almost died from my SA, AMA
I am dead ama
I am re-reading the book "1984" by George Orwell, one of my favourite novels. AMA
I'm a supply teacher AMA
I’m going commando all spring break, AMA
i am a aprentice of cthulhu ama
I have a phobia for feet, (not joking). AMA
i am a aprentice of cthulhu ama
I saw Onward yesterday AMA
Ex put a restraining order on me 2 years ago - AMA
I'm a 14 year old that is a hypnosis pro, AMA!
I'm addicted to always having a crush on somebody, Ama.
Just got put in self quarantine for possible coronavirus AMA
I have only had sex with one person. AMA
My whole country has become red zone due to the Coronavirus and I can't go out unless it's a real necessity. AMA.
I’m the child of an undertaker who was convicted of a cadaver crime. AMA
Im really excited for ACNH (Animal Crossing New Horizons) AMA
I'm an Italian guy at his last year of highschool ruined by the coronavirus. AMA
Im really excited for ACNH (Animal Crossing New Horizons) AMA!
We’re Not Real, ask us anything
Apparently both my parents are anti-vax
Make me offensive :)
I am a generic, conventional, everyday person who is very bored so AMA, I guess.
I'm crying! Ask me anything
Bored. Ama
I am Political Correctness Dog. I will assess you questions and check for subversive ideas. AMA
19 Yo Heroin addict/multiple mental hospital admissions AMA
I just booked a trip to a 21 night cruise ship
I get sexually aroused by girls burping (seriously), AMA
I live in northern Italy, and my city is in quarantine. AMA
I am a glass cleaner AMA
I'm pretty sure I'm haunted, and not the houses I have lived in - AMA
I was diagnosed last week with Dissociative Identity Disorder (Old name: Multiple personality disorder) AMA?
My entire school district was closed because a staff member has coronavirus, AMA!!
When I was younger I didn't smell much but when I hit puberty I started producing all of these adult smells. AMA
I´m just a regular guy who sometimes is sad. AMA
I'm a railway security marshal - AMA!
I was stalked by a pedophile AMA
I am a 30 year legend in the porn consumption business - AMA
I am a Black transsexual male (FtM) who's been transitioning for 6 years. Ama!
I am the old u/Not_Gay_Bobert from r/teenagers and I proved I wasn't a karma whore
I'm an Italian student, now forced to stay home for a month, AMA
I’m an Italian and they are blocking Italy after the Coronavirus outbreak. AMA!
I got suspended today, AMA
COVID-19 is getting severe in my country, and my city is on lockdown. AMA
I’m a teenager who got very sick with an staff infection which Is very rare
I was denied my emancipation. AMA
I’m feeling sad and numb. Ama
Trapped in a college dorm and don’t know anyone, AMA
It’s morphin time, AMA
I’m 17 and engaged to be married as soon as I’m 18. AMA
I just got engaged! My fiancé already has a son. AMA
a student at my school has the coronavirus, but we are still open AMA
I’m at home quarantined from work because of Coronavirus. AMA!
I love Harry Potter AMA
Newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic at age 13. Ask away reddit!
I'm 31 and I've never had a job.
I’m diagnosed as high functioning autistic and questioning if I’m trans AMA
I’m a high schooler with no real prospects, AMA
I'm dating a bisexual who isn't out of the closet. Wer'e both male. Ask me anything
hola chicos, soy medico cirujano hace mas de 30 años AMA
I'm an ex-muslim male (21), and the only non-muslim in my family. Ask me anything!
I just want to talk about breaking bad. AMA
I’ve never drank Mountain Dew
It’s finally warm in ny ama
I have been learning coding since the age of 11 AMA
I'm Italian and my city is in lockdown due to the coronavirus epidemic. Ask me anything.
I live in Italy, in a province that has many cases of Corona Virus. AMA!
I hate my dad ama
Hello reddit I am a medical surgeon graduated in Chile and with a postgraduate degree in harvard, AMA.
I didn't kill myself yesterday. AMA
as of last night i’m single and intend to remain that way for the foreseeable future for the first time since i was 15, ama
I'm a psychologically unhinged phantasist, AMA
I’m a 16-year-old with Aspergers. AMA
I am a student in Turkey,AMA
I don’t think fortnite is that bad AMA
I know this is off topic but to hell with it. I am 22 y/o refugee in Italy, soon to expelled back to my home country. Any suggestions, ideas, advice with what I should do in my life? Any advice will be appreciated.
I'm a store manager at Hollister. AMA
I started r/pandemicpreps specifically to help people prepare their families for pandemics like Coronavirus. AMA
I'm an autistic 17 yo male with no idea what I'm doing after high school, AMA!
I'm a Boy Scout ask me anything
Diaries from the red zone: another Italian in quarantine (near Venice). 24 yrs, student, son of a doctor. Ask me anything
I'm a Polish male who grew up in the Countryside AMA
My school was hacked yesterday. AMA.
I (20F) have Inattentive ADD and it impacts every moment of my life. AMA?
I have autism ama
I can't get over the feeling that my cat is watching me fap - AMA
I was an exchange student in the US at 15 years old. AMA
I am diagnosed with flying phobia/anxiety. At the airport right now getting ready to board my plane in an hour. AMA
Im a teenager (I know, EMO!) and have felt bad, I smiled for the first time in a long time today, and I kinda feel better because I beat my friend at an arm wrestling contest today, AMA!
If you could say one phrase to a celebrity, who would it be and what would you say?
I’m a proud gay American, Ask Me Anything!
22m Will answer just about anything!
I’m scared of vacuums AMA
AMA Request: Somebody who has or has recovered from Coronavirus
THE STARBUCKS PLACE JUST SPELT MY NAME CORRECTLY. AMA
I was an extra in a Bollywood-style movie. The filming was on location (no studio), and I went to two locations: A nightclub and a prison. AMA
I'm trapped in Wuhan, China. AMA [SERIOUS]
I have moved over 15 times in the past 17 years, Ama.
I have around 30 people in my head, AMA!
The schools in my country were closed because of Covid-19 AMA
Ask anything and my answer will be overdramatic and depressed
Ever since I was little I've been obsessed with studying people's reactions to disturbing things - AMA
The schools in my country because of the COVID-19 AMA
I keep coughing on stream AMA
I’m white AMA
I'm sombody who thinks that Succubi are hot AMA
I’m in the foster system AMA!
Don’t comment in this post, comment on the original here ⤵️
Italian Boi here, AMA
I'm a mechanic for a racing team.
I’m home schooled AMA
Reddit opened an ad and when I backed out I flew past the last 3hours of my wasted time. AMA
I THINK ICE AGE BABY IS CUTE, AMA
My heart rate is 45 rn AMA
I'm a native speaker of Welsh, AMA
I have just had hand foot and mouth disease for the third time in three years AMA
I’m a waitress whose worked for bars, local restaurants, and high end restaurants AMA
I’m a security contractor (PMC) AMA
I'm part of the German lower class. AMA
26y/o dude from South East Asia with Aspergers. AMA
I live in an island with a population of 68,000, we’ve just had our first positive test of Covid-19 AMA
I want to die ask me anything
Feeling gay again and horny so ama
I had a stalker AMA
i work at Wendy's, AMA
I {F 35} am a woman who having an incestuous sex with her nephew [M 19].
I'm 27 and Have COVID-19 (Coronavirus) I live in Washington State. AMA
A random chimp event just happened ama
Have you heard about Oscar Wilde's story about THE NIGHTINGALE AND THE ROSE? I feel like the nightingale of the story.
I am a low income apartment complex manager AMA.
I am being held hostage and i can't call the police or i will die ama
Ama ama
I am a very humble potato ama
I am darth vader ama
I predicted on 2/23 that the stock market will crash so bad that it will be halted before the end of March. Exactly what happened today. AMA
I used to heard voices in my head, AMA
F 40 year old. I am an open book and ask me anything.
I just beat red dead 2 ama
I am Anna Richards - Founder and Producer of erotic porn AMA!
I will make a terrible ending out of happy story’s
I found out my (now ex) boyfriend has been cheating on me since November with his step sister. AMA :)
As usual, my colleague walked in on me while I [F 29] was pumping out my overflowing breasts at work today. AMA
Im 15 and my family is very rich, AMA!
I’m a casual shoplifter AMA
I sit at the front row at a movie theater AMA
My state just had its first person with coronavirus and i live about 15 minutes away from them AMA
I have a burping fetish. AMA
Optician, humanitarian worker, teacher, and chimera AmA!
I will make a sexual reference out of any comment or question. AMA
I only went to one week of middle school AMA
I am a student in a school for highly gifted, ask me anything.
Literally ask me anythin, make it interesting.
F 35. A school teacher here. AMA
I’m the world’s biggest procrastinator AMA
I have a cold AMA
I was born and raised in Ohio AMA
I am in a nudist family, AMA
High School Counselor AMA
I have been a chess coach for kids for four years. AMA
I am a 20 year old with Charles Bonnet Syndrome caused by Glaucoma
My brother showed me 2 girls 1 cup when I was six years old. AMA
I am from HK, and school is out until 20 April at least. AMA
AMA but everything you say I will prove it’s theft.
F 31 Indian. I lost my virginity at 23 to my ex husband. Had sex with him only till I was 28. Got divorced from him and my body count is over three dozen since. AMA
I don't like Jojo's or BNHA. AMA
I have had a Cash slave for 3yrs who has given me over 5k, multiple gifts, preps my meals weekly and also does chores for me. AMA.
I am a Muslim male here to stop Muslim stereotypes and show the world what we rly r about! Ask a real Muslim before asking the media! AMA
I can’t think of a topic ama
Made the switch to a vegetarian diet about 4 months ago. I was wondering what people's FAQs about the veggie lifestyle are. AMA
My mums Jewish and married a Christian then had 2 kids AMA
I’m a 5”10 15 year old AMA
I'm a 5 year old. I know absolutely everything in the universe. Ask me anything.
I [F 42] am a woman who has sexual relation with her son [M 19].
I'm a 19 year old guy who whent from being a professional football player back to having a "normal" life
I have cheated death more than 12 times. AMA
I'm 32 and still practicing elementary math despite sudden feelings of fear/dread. AMA
In desperate need of a private story name? ( funny one thanks ) my names kate if that helps
I’m “Allergic to the sun” AMA
I ran across Africa with my dad when I was 11. AMA
I'm a background character of my own life story. AMA
I'm 18 and my parent's net worth is in the world's top .000001%
I used to live a double life. AMA
I have really bad anxiety and I’m trying not to panic badly in work because I have a lot to get done, please AMA to distract me
I’m a 5’7 male. AMA
I had the corona virus and survived AMA
Just found out I may have CoVid-19 ask me anything
My country just got the first confirmed case of corona recently AMA (SEA)
I’m alone at a lake AMA
I’m stuck on a trip with people who intentionally want to be infected by the corona virus and have changed the itinerary to go to infected areas. AMA.
I just went through my first break up. Ama
I am the first gay gay macaroni AMA
Tax Questions? AMA
I'm a dog groomer with 20years experience. Ive been bitten 6 times. AMA.
I'm in the 1%, of the 1% AMA
My first post to get over 100 upvotes is almost at 10k. I'm basically famous. AMA
I have been to a cadaver room. Ask me anything.
I'm a scuba diver. AMA.
I am a racist AMA
i have mild autism and stupid severe adhd among others, ask me questions about the disorders, my hyperfixations/hyper focuses or AMA
I purposely dropped down my undies Infront of my friend. AMA
Where will the new coronavirus go? How to solve the four major suspense in the scientific community?
I am a person who is becoming increasingly homicidal AMA
I will make any bad thing you say sound nice, AMA
Ghana Election
I was trans for 5+ years before detransitioning. AMA
One year on Reddit, AMA!
In less than 5 hours I will pass an interview I've been preparing for 2 years. AMA.
I don’t care what you ask, I’ll answer just about anything, so AMA
I spent 14 days in ICU with Delirium from daily drinking a 1/5 daily, and I am now 4 years sober. AMA
I've had sleep paralysis almost every night for a year. AMA
Coronavirus in HK and nearby places
I’m looking for karma to post my good memes on r/dankmemes AMA
AMA I’m under 18 years old who has a sex addiction, I also have a SO who has a sex addiction.
I do have adhd. ama
I’ve been homeschooled for 7 years. AMA
I am an Author of many bestsellers and have gained millions, I am also an investor which I have gathered most of my wealth from. AMA!
I ate lunch like a mukbanger. AMA
I went to school with a girl that became a cheerleader for an NFL team. AMA.
I was put in a mental ward for a week when I was 12. AMA
I'm a dude who had surgery on a wrong finger. AMA
I am darth plaguies the wise ama
I have COVID-19 AMA
I am General grevieous ama
I Cannot Burp or Barf. AMA
I live in israel ama
i have most symptoms of depression, AMA
I Work in a Special Education Contained Classroom.
I just died ama
I Sued my boss for labor violations and won. AMA
Flight to Scotland is delayed AMA
To the americans wondering about "democratic socialism": Im a dane with a masters degree in social science and psychology: AMA
I'm Meemsouprice. AMA
Ok
Ok
I have blue hair, 2 tattoos, 6 piercings, and just started an nsfw account. AMA.
I'm an ENFP, AMA ♡
My dad was just diagnosed with esophageal cancer. AMA
I Have spina bifida myelomeningocele, I'm engaged to An ambulatory woman, and I'm gay and polyamorous. AMA
I live in Brooklyn, NYC. AMA
I'm not even 20 and have already lived in 8 countries. You should AMA as noone understands me...
Ore wa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo. Ore wa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo?
About to do a 3 hour shift at McDonald's in Aus, AMA
I’m a boba tea barista :) AMA
I have anorexia, AMA
I'm a Law Student that's been to a psych ward. Now I'm suing them. Ask me anything!
I have missed 3 of my cakedays but not this one AMA
Spent 16 hours today stuck in the middle of nowhere after my car engine blew while hunting AMA
I’m a male t8-t9 (vertebrae) paraplegic of twelve years with no feeling/use of body below my chest
I can’t go to school do to severe anxiety and panic attacks. AMA
I'm thinking about commiting suicide. AMA
ive got tourettes, im transgender, and i plan on being a body mod artist some day. ama lmao
Just turned my closet into a safe space. AMA.
The love of my life is dating someone else. AMA
I’m only happy when others are feeling worse, AMA
bored bored bored, ama :)
I work at Chick Fil A...AMA
I switched my brother’s CocaCola with prune juice. AMA
Porn stars of reddit, what do you regret in life?
I think Ben Affleck in Batman v Superman provided the best live-action interpretation of the character to date - AMA!
I'm the Founder and Leader of the self help/dating sub R/Crimsonpill AMA
I'm currently on the come down from my LSD trip. Ask me anything.
I’m a high school English teacher in title 1 public school transitioning to a private school for kids with Autism, ADD, ODD, etc. AMA.
I am In crippling 45k euro gambling debt. My life is ruined. Ask me anything.
I’m a teen parent AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I’m a person that is making a post on r/AMA to make himself feel that he’s social, AMA!
Don't write anything describing animals. I will guess what animal you are AMA
I was kind of a catfish online in my early teenage years.
I was in a psych ward for 13 months AMA
I'm a teenage girl AMA
I work fast food. AMA
Hi I’m your dad ask my anything
I've known Timothée Chalamet since high school. AMA!
Do you say Data or Data?
I dated a little person. AMA.
I’m a furry, AMA
I'm 31 and I've never had a job.
I am able to suck myself off. Ask away!
AMA, but edit the questions to make me look like a horrible person
I'm using this subreddit as motivation to finish my missing assignments. AMA
I'm a third culture kid, socially rejected from places I consider "home" ... AMA
I was recently diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder (formerly known as multiple personality disorder). AMA!
I write half of my letters and numbers from bottom to top, AMA.
I live in a town with a population of 1400 people. AMA
I’ve been hitchhiking. Ask me anything.
I am near the Coronavirus, AMA.
My dad went to the store for milk and actually came back. AMA
I used Conditioner before Shampoo for many years. AMA
I plan on ending it all soon
I'm a fake Doctor with no real credentials. AMA
I am a voter registrar for a conservative nonprofit AMA
I enjoy nightmares
I’m a white supremacist, AMA
i know about world war II western front ama
I live in Wyoming, USA, the least populated state in the country. There are only 2 escalators in the entire state. The population of Wyoming is about the same as Albuquerque, NM. AMA.
I will be doing a 12 hour shift tomorrow AMA.
I will do a boring 12 hour shift tomorrow AMA.`
I'm moving to France to be with my LDR fiance this summer. AMA
I have good evidence that Toad from MarioKart is the antichrist. AMA
I have to be up in 4 hrs and its Monday tomorrow, AMA!
I’m a teen in upstate ny ama
I have gum disease AMA.
I’m a teenager living on the Upper East Side, one of NYC’s wealthier neighborhoods. AMA.
I'm an arachnophobe. AMA
I am Bathroom Friend. I will come to the bathroom with you. AMA
My name contradicts itself
I’m ugly, too tall for a woman, poor, untalented, and chronically ill. I am also trying to be on broadway. AMA.
procrastinating, AMA
It's my first cake day, AMA
I'm a trans bi kid (female to male, freshman in highschool) who grew up with homophobic, verbally/physically abusive parents. Ask me anything about life :) (life has gotten better in recent years, I'm in a good place now)
I am in a sexual relationship with my dog AMA
I was catfished by my best friend. AMA!
I'm 18 and never been on a date
Today I finished the LA Marathon for my fourth and final time. AMA
Missed my flight, lost $300 and now drunk at an airport. AMA.
I'm a Metalhead, AMA
Today I found out what mystery illness was causing me to be on bedrest for 3 years and I’m ecstatic. Ama!
Got diagnosed with mrsa had my phone still and my crush started dating someone else within 2 weeks ama
I’m single and depressed ama
I’m 16M and feeling very depressed lately and just want some people to AMA to get my mind on a different topic
I am a Christian AMA
I listen to rap (feel free to judge me)
I just jerked off to porn while my roomate was in the room! AMA!
First Night at a Swinger's Club Last Night, AMA
I want to die. AMA
[controversial] Please tell things that disprove the Bible?
Wears diapers by CHOICE
I only have one working hand AMA
Yawns aren’t contagious to me idk why. AMA
I got a WHOLE ten upvotes on a Reddit post😎😎 Ask Me Anything
I give bad life advice, AMA.
I am a sales rep for a leading telecom provider in the US. AMA!
I support, and voted, for Joe Biden. AMA
I Support Joe Biden. AMA
I am a hardcore coprophiliac (I get turned on by shit). Ask Me Anything.
I’m a disabled person who has been ousted from the disabled community for my views AMA
I’m bored, AMA.
i was conceived using a sperm donor and have potentially 20 half siblings
I’ve been breastfeeding for the last 5 years and just stopped nursing my 2 year old son cold turkey.
I have PTSD AMA
I believe that the 1990s marked a huge change in human history, AMA
I'm the oldest of 5 kids. AMA.
It’s not even been an hour into the new week and I’ve already had a mental breakdown AMA
I work with a lady who is deafblind. Ask me anything!
When I went to sleep it was 1993, now it’s 2020, AMA
I almost drowned at day camp AMA
I just saw a lady at my job go from having a blast to having her whole day ruined in a half hour, AMA
My school just closed because of COVID-19 ama.
AMA, but after I respond, edit your question to make my response seem extremely offensive.
I am an Australian! More specifically, I'm an almost 16 year old highschooler, and I'd love to share/learn about the differences in our culture!
I’m unschooled, AMA
I need 15 karma to post on a country subreddit, AMA.
Hi I'm Lucifer Prince of hell AMS
I got my first smart phone today AMA
I have 8 followers AMA
I have never experienced anxiety or depression or all the other things AMA
I’m 300d old old on Reddit with more than 120,000 karma. AMA
I'm 24 and I thought having two vaginas was normal. AMA
I hate white and grey people AMA
I'm 15 years old and absolutely LOVE school. AMA!
I slept with your mom, AMA!
I've been diagnosed with PTSD
I am on my fourth time watching the entire series of breaking bad. AMA
There’s a peeping Tom in my neighborhood, AMA
My 11th grade English teacher was caught having sex with students (when I was in the 12th grade). AMA.
I just saw Millon Dollar Quartet. AMA
I have PTD (diagnosed Decemver 2019)
my name is jared AMA
13f single and bored af. AMA
I have Hyper Empathy Syndrome. AMA.
I'm an autistic 15 year old
I WAS MOLESTED AS A CHILD AND IM READY TO ANSWER QUESTIONS, NOTHING IS OFF LIMITS. MALE 29
Name one website my browser and I'll do something productive
I'm a legit gay, autistic furry.
I fall out of planes. Ask away.
I'm trailer trash except I don't live in a trailer. AMA
Previous post deleted. I have intercourse with my Grandmother at least once a week. AMA
Just a normal typical everyday person, AMA
Heyyyy
Just a normal typical everyday person, AMA
I use Ketamine as an tool for exploration AMA
I skip songs before they're done, AMA
I have ADHD. AMA
I lost my 4ft. ball python two years ago in my house and never found it. AMA
Bored at a dispensary a(m)a
I will find delight and peace in anything you say, AMA
I'm a recent Quaker convert, contrary to my parents. AMA
I volunteer at MDA ( Israeli Red Cross ) at 15 AMA
Commercial hunter/trapper, market vendor here. AmA!
I have autism ama
I work in a Federal Prison that holds over 4,000 inmates, AMA!
I was a black market marijuana farmer/exporter in Humboldt County California. AMA!
I am a technician for IT/Endpoint Analyst , been working in this field for 8 years, ask me anything. Career advice, lifestyle, um... idk. Ask away.
69
i am very hot and sexy man AMA
Ask me a complex question and i will answer it simply,AMA
I'm feeling like shit because of my scoliosis, AMA
Watched borther fall over 6 meters on to concrete floor at age 8-9 AMA
I work in a UK fish and chip shop. AMA
I work in a pawn shop/buyback facility shop. AMA
I own a business. AMA
I’m a deer hunter in Northern Minnesota AMA
I’ve been having an affair for a full year. Ask me anything.
My grandma is a communist, AMA :)
My neighborhood has a prowler, AMA
I am an ex soviet country citizen
I made this account in February 29th, AMA
My elementary school best friend was killed at the age of 9. AMA
Based on what my doctor said It basically a very improbable combination of genetics.AMA
My family is very rich, AMA
I'm 15 and my family is very rich, AMA
I'm gonna answer every question 100% honest, AMA
I have Asthma,AMA
Broadway Staying Lit?
My family is very rich, AMA
I live on a boat, AMA
I'm an ase certified mechanic, ama
i attend high school right next to an ivy league university. ama!
My egg had 6 yolks ama
:)
I just recently remembered that I was molested as a kid. I must have blocked it out of my memory. Ama
Getting Kicked in the Balls can't hurt me. Ask me anything
I'm an actor AMA!
I have genetic thing called short sleeper where I only need 5-7 hours of sleep AMA
What is the best way a girl can beg apology from a boy?
I am married to a mildly retarded woman.
I make my pet follow a vegan diet AMA
I am a shaman &amp; psychoactive trip guide. AMA
I'm asexual and aromantic. Ask me anything
I'm a 16 year old planning to move out by myself at 18, AMA!
Minnesotan here! AMA!
I cheated in my last relationship and he never found out. AMA
I just want to rant about anything and everything but I need more karma. I'm sorry for doing this, but karma please? And oh yeah, AMA.
I think I’m smarter than the average person. AMA
I survived another day AMA
I turn 22 today. AMA
Waiting for a train, AMA
I got my second tattoo last night on a whim from an apprentice, AMA
I realized I'm truly happy for the first time in my life: AMA
I am a stroke survivor and 20 year nootropic veteran who's using zen practice to survive trauma born of fatherly abuse, my fiance's suicide and 5 legitimate psyche diagnoses including autism and OCD. AMA about A
I stopped procrastinating completely AMA
I'm just bored again. AMA.
My best friend turned out to be a rapist AMA
Alcoholic. I went 2 months without drinking and binged hard for the last three days. Ask away :(
AMA Request: Costumes Star Wars Cast Members at Disney
Im a Redditor. AMA
a few minutes ago i had a severe panic attack in the shower, i felt so strange and i was scared of death for the first time in my life. AMA.
I like sneaking up on people and standing behind them for a long time until they notice me there - AMA
Im a boring college student. AMA :]
I am Jewish, born in Israel, and avidly oppose circumcision. AMA
Got high for the first time last night AMA
I'm an Atheist.AMA!
I [F 42] am a woman who has sexual relation with her son [M 19].
Tuesday will mark my 3rd year of being recovered from anorexia. AMA.
HonkMeAnything
I never get offended. AMA
I don't enjoy masturbating. AMA
I'll get sad at anything. AMA
I used to be popular in my city with a very good and wide social life, until i moved out of the country six months ago and i only speak to like three people here and so lonely most of the time, AMA
Questions, Hypotheticals, and Would you rathers needed for 1 year anniversary of our podcast! Ask us ANYTHING!
I’m a 15 year old boxer hoping to make it to the 2024 Olympics AMA
Just did ketamine ama
Your average teenager, AMA
My best friend used me as a rebound, took my first kiss. AMA
I have been harassed on Roblox due to a medical condition I have by a group owner. AMA
My father is a priest AMA
I’m Dj khaled’s first cousin from Palestine AMA
I’m a Shia Ismaili Muslim who is often mistakes for a terrorist (we are nothing or the sort) AMA
Women of Reddit- It's International Women's Day. In celebration of this momentous occasion, why don't you try something new like going out to the kitchen and making me a goddamn sammich? AMA
Just lost virginity in the shower ! (m 16Y)
I'm diagnosed with DID (Dissasociative Identity Disorder) formerly known as MPD (Multiple Personality Disorder), AMA!
I am a 16 year old student at a Waldorf school. AMA
Ughh... went out last night, got drunk and said /did things that are making me cringe hard atm. Ama
I am finally starting to love myself AMA
I’m absolutely hopped the fuck up on my new dose of vyvanse and suddenly feel the strong desire to give people relationship advice. AMA.
I {F 35} am a woman who having an incestuous sex with her nephew.
I am yet another person trying to correct misconceptions about islam, AMA too man.
I will say yes to anything you ask me ASA
*Something nobody cares about*, AMA
I just reached 1000 karma exactly. AMA
My best friend decided to bail out of our close friendship and i’m starting to realize that i don’t really have much friends. AMA to lighten up my mood
I don't have empathy AMA
I'm a single dad with custody of 3 kids. Ask me anything.
Im am part of the ravidassia (dalit) religion AMA!
Is Samsung Galaxy S10 Plus really a kick ass phone?
I am eating stew today AMA
F 35. A school teacher here. AMA
I really want to be arrested, AMA
I am a first year med student AMA.
Man United vs Man. City Live reddit
My grandma's name is karen. Ask me anything.
I like to kiss bois and gurls. Ask me anything.
Im a first year med student ask me anything.
F 31 Indian. I lost my virginity at 23 to my ex husband. Had sex with him only till I was 28. Got divorced from him and my body count is over three dozen now. AMA
I'm just your average 16 year old with dreams. AMA
[Match Thread] Man. Utd vs Man. City Live Epl On reddit
I've lived as both genders. AMA
WHY EVERYTHING AFTER HOW WRITTEN SUGGESTIONS WRITE AMA?
I'm a 20 y/o muslim female living in the middle east. AMA! :)
I am a ArmA 3 Mod Developer, AMA!
As usual, my colleague walked in on me while I [F 29] was pumping out my overflowing breasts at work today. AMA
I am dutch. AMA
serious question: how do you feel about Russians?
F 40 year old. I am an open book and ask me anything.
About to have to go to church even though I hate it. AMA.
I'm an Italian living in the coronavirus red zone (Lombardia). Ask me anything.
Last night I drank 6 beers and 375 ml of vodka. AMA
I have a cleft lip ask me anything.
I am the proud owner of a blind dog. Ask me anything!
I learned how to think like a sociopath through my life due to some environmental circumstances. AMA
I'm italian, I study abroad, and if I go home to my family I will risk contamination with the COVID-19. There are no respiratory masks and no more hand disinfectants available anywhere so if I went home I would be completely unprotected... AMA
I was concussed so severely that I still have trouble remembering things that happened during the day 3 years after the contact. AMA
I [F 40] am a woman who likes to put household items in both her holes. AMA about it.
I’m a 20 year old gambler AMA
[Serious] when i was 14 i usee to touch my sisters boobs when she slept. AMA **i am 25 now and dont do things like this no more
I live at the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak in NY. AMA
I have had sleep paralysis twice. AMA
My Grandmother and I have intercourse at least once a week. AMA
I have severe acne AMA
I have had a weird lucid dream before, AMA.
I had a drug addict mom abounded me - ASK ME ANYTHING
I’m a convinced terrorist AMA
I'm a 17 years old with Kienbock disease, AMA.
Whatever you ask, I'll answer with a 'yes' or a 'no'. AMA.
I'm a 20 y.o. field medic int he military, AMA
Knock knock
im a person trying to bust myths and misconceptions about islam, ask me anything
Ive been placed in two different psychiatric hospitals. AMA
I was in a toxic relationship and was aware how bad it was but it didn’t end until extreme circumstances happened. AMA
I want a boyfriend
I feel like I’m the only person that’s real
I just had a kidney transplant. AMA
Organically grown Instagram accounts for sale | @shesadorabletoo (13k) &amp; @viralbombshellss (3.6k) Both at a bundled price of $160 | Open to negotiations.
I'm 14 first time trying a caprisun AMA
Im a racist AMA
I’m tired AMA
I didn’t speak to my mother for almost a decade because of her life decisions and she passed away before I could mend the relationship. AMA
I had strong romantic feelings to my friend for two years, and I knew he liked me back. AMA.
Italian living in the COVID-19 red zone, AMA!
I have Aphantasia! AMA
I've been overpaid! £2000! AMA
AYA: At what age did you lose you’re virginity?
I'm sarcastic, AMA or don't, I don't care.
i'm just me... AMA.
I had a chance at my first kiss and ruined it. AMA.
1 month ago i created my reddit account.AMA
I'm a 17 yo male, diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, paranoia, depression, stress, anxiety and ADHD. AMA
I'm an only child who recently realized her mother is a narcissist. AMA!
Lived in a REALLY small town all my life. AMA.
I’m a normie (didn’t even know this was a term until recently)... AMA
I am a 23yo German girl working in Switzerland as a prostitute AMA
I said I would never cut or self harm about 4 years ago and 3 years ago I started self harm and now I can’t stop AMA
(18 and over) Single stripper with the night off (due to Not feeling 100%... but NOT due to Corona virus) still enjoyed a bit of tequila... AMA
I am 19 and tipsy AMA
I started posting on reddit the other day and in my first day racked up -68 karma AMA
(18 and over...) Single stripper with the night off... but still enjoyed tequila... AMA
I am recovering from an eating disorder, and spent 2 years of my life in and out of treatment and hospitals. Ask me anything!
I grew up without a microwave. Recently moved out of home and have one for the first time. AMA.
I've been homeschooled all my life. AMA.
Mainly I need karma for bigger subreddits so ama I guess.
IAmA Game Developer - AMA!
Ima weeb ama
I'm captain of my high school cheer team and I'm stressing over college decisions. AMA.
I know the license plate numbers of over 240 vehicles. AMA
I’m an expat living in South Korea. AMA.
Anyone who replies to this will get one upvote, ama
Ama anything I just watched 2 girls one cup.
I am a 24 year virgin from India. AMA
I was hit from behind as a pedestrian from a drunk driver. AMA!
I was hit as a pedestrian from a drunk driver and I did not see it coming and “came to” in the hospital. AMA
I took 3 massive shits today,might go for 4th AMA
I cheated on my last boyfriend and he never found out. AMA
my computer is currently not working AMA!
I'm bored, AMA and I shall respond with the mannerisms of an old, battle hardened, mellowed out pirate who has left his old life behind to settle in a small cot on a hill on his own
I’m extremely obsessed with stalking my boyfriends ex girlfriend on social media, and I save copies of every photo I find of her. Ask me anything!
I just created a adult furry subreddit (AMA)
I have unexplainable hearing loss and got hearing aids in 7th grade, AMA
My School Is Being Cancelled Due To Coronavirus, Ask Me Anything
I'm in quarantine due to the Covid-19 virus AMA
I was diagnosed with osgood schlatters (apophosytis of the tibial tubercle) basically an extra bone growth in my right knee, about 10 years ago. No surgery is necessary in my case. Causes, effects, complications, ask me anything
I'm not scared of death AMA
Today it's my cakeday, I got my Discord account site-wide banned, and I founded the (banned) official GamersRiseUp 600+ member discord server. AMA.
Today it's my cakeday, I got my Discord account site-wide banned, and I started up a 600+ member discord server. AMA.
I'm a 19 year old who managed to get a corporate 9-5 job in IT. AMA!
Just moved to Atlanta and I’m drunk, AMA
I'm a fourteen year old girl in eighth grade going through my own coming of age story. AMA!
First time
I ate ass for the first time today - was shocked to find it tasted like crap. AMA
How about instead of asking ME anything, let’s ask each other anything.
How about instead of asking ME anything, let’s as each other anything.
I'm in a horrible life situation and I don't know if I'll make it. AMA
I am 99.99% sure I have married my soul mate. AMA.
16F, hs dropout, sick af, online group moderator, bored. Ama
My relationship with my mother is worse than ever. AMA
I’ve self harmed since i was 11 and still do it AMA
The girl I like, likes me back. She's now my girlfriend. I'm a girl too. I'm super happy. AMA.
Im (19m) a diagonsed sociopath, ama
I’m drunk, recently divorced, aware that it’s my fault, depressed, pathetic, and have five minutes before I have anything important to do. AMA, bitches.
I have bipolar disorder. Ask me anything.
I am son of a parent. AMA
My Brother Tried To Murder Me AMA
I am currently taking a dump AMA
feeling kind of down, AMA
My mom thinks Bernie isn’t a socialist AMA.
I told myself that I would never do drugs and 2 years later I’m addicted to several drugs. AMA
I’m able to create a somewhat enjoyable plot/character of an anime from one word. AMA
Im a man who pees sitting down, AMA
I just had the best time that I’ve had in almost a year AMA
I’m a 23 year old Thai Australian who spent a month as a Buddhist monk in Thailand. Ask me anything
New to reddit. AMA
I am a Colorado resident, Colorado is in a state of mass-hysteria right now because of a spike in COVID-19 cases. It is so chaotic here, all food and cleaning supplies are gone from the supermarket. AMA
Hunting Unlimited 2008 DEV AMA
I have been unemployed for months and finally got a job in my chosen field but don't want it, ask me anything.
I‘m feeling sad. Actually ask me anything that comes to ur mind (first time doing that shit don’t even know if someone will ask something)
I'm Demi-Sexual! ama!
Fuck sluts I will fuck them all day AMA
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder and I am apart of a system of 12, ask us anything!
I never had a lover AMA
I am a virgin Canada Goose in need of a mate this Spring. Ama
I’m a long time tire guy for a local, but high volume store AMA.
I’m the daughter of a millionaire in a 3rd world country, AMA
My zodiac sign is Sagittarius. AMA!
I am the one from the team that organizing Russian elections. Ask me anything
Music
I'm a kid that can see 'dead people' / w psychic ability. AMA
I been browsing the dark web for 4 years now, AMA.
I am a teenager, Freshman in high school. AMA
I'm 5'0 tall, AMA
I was leaving a poop earlier and my nose started gushing blood. AMA
I am a human AMA
someone just tried to break into my house while i was sitting 5 feet from my front door, ama
someone just tried
I always sit in the front seat of my Uber/Lyft driver's car, AMA.
I broke my leg AMA
Stuck in bed due to joint pain, AMA
I’m a unkissed virgin ama
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I despise mass surveillance and hope the world is relieved of it one day, AMA
I was a teen mom with almost no education and grew up in Alabama AMA
I Live in a cold town in Quebec. AMA.
I’m a “gifted”/“talented” teenager, AMA!
I’m mute and have two different eye colors ama
I am a Canada Goose ama
I'm in my early 20s with a rare form of epilepsy where my seizures give physical pain without the loss of consciousness. AMA
I don’t know what’s happening??! AMA
I'm about to strip in front of reddit: AMA
Fuck. AMA
I buy nearly all my clothes secondhand even though I can afford not to, AMA.
I want attention! AMA
I’m a very picky eater AMA
I live in Iran
I kicked a really bad nicotine addiction, ama
By age 14 I have been medically diagnosed with depression, ADHD, anxiety, and OCD. Ask me anything!
I'm bored AMA
Just finished my first week at a heating company and I have no knowledge or experience in HVAC AMA
I stopped taking my antipsychotics on Monday, AMA
I am bipolar (type 2). I am 23 and got the diagnosis in the beginning of last year. I take lithium.
I’m 15 danish and can drink legally. AMA.
I am trying edibles for the first time, AMA
(20m) I watched my mom die when I was 12 years old AMA
I've 3% of battery and I have to be in somewhere 90 minutes more, AMA
I am 16, and about two years ago I realized that my mom was an alcoholic. AMA
I'm an extreme loser, AMA
My friend grew up with an extremely strict, racist, sexist, and homophobic dad. He tells me just about everything. AMA.
The aunt of my "friend" has feelings for me apparently AMA
I'm finally overcoming my agoraphobia. AMA.
I am from China, currently living in Korea and have been quarantined earlier this month due to the COVID19 situation, AMA
I weirded out my crush but I still have a chance, AMA
I weirded out my crush but I still have a chance, AMAZ
I’m a 12 and my dad lives 4 hours away from me and he is going in trial for moving Cocaine and doing cocaine AMA?
im bored and want to die. AMA.
I’m a normal teenager AMA
Corona virus was discovered in the local shopping center to me, its about a 5 minute walk, ask me anything about it.
[NSFW]I nearly fucked a girl, AMA
I’m a 12 yo and my dad loves 4 hours away and he is going on trial about moving and doing cocaine AMA?
I am a bored Portuguese teen. AMA
I’ve been a devoted Scientologist member for over 5 years, Ask Me Anything!
I'm notorious for opening windows and doors to let fresh air in and adjust the heat/ac accordingly throughout the day. Electric bills love me, friends and family hate me. AMA.
I am M19 AMA
I have a friend at my school who is suffering from PTSD from bullying at his old school. he is open for questions. AMA
I'm 16 in a relationship with a much older man ama
it's my cake day, AMA
I had testicular cancer two years ago and had to have my left nut taken out. AMA
23yr old mom of 3
I am the great nephew of composer Angelo Badalamenti (my mom is his niece ) ask me anything!
I tried the new Chipotle Queso ama
For the first time in my life, I tried a donut—and then immediately after ate three more. AMA
I have conduct disorder. Ask me anything
I have COVID-19—the Coronavirus. Everybody calm the F down. AMA.
My girlfriend has D.I.D she has 3 personalities including a 2 year old and a clean freak
Feeling super nostalgic, AMA
I am diagnosed with autism, Tourette’s syndrome, and many other mental/neurological disorders, AMA!
I am dead and have been for a week AMA
trans. ama
I just punched my son in the face because I was bored and he’s gay. AMA
I'm a pot smoking, drinking physician. AMA
I love Canada. AMA!
Choose something that makes you angry and ask me about it as if it's my fault, I will answer rudely
A worker of the RSS, AMA!
Give me lottery numbers for the powerball
i'm a racist troll ama
I watched p*rn when i was 6-7, AMA
I am a teen, who haves sociopathic thought, AMA
I was a feeling less kid, ask me anything!
I’m deep in a Hood beef AMA
I love arguing with people on reddit. AMA
I grew up as an only child, (I still am) AMA
I just cooked "great value" brand frozen pizzas . AMA.
14 years old with chronic pain and intermittent dizziness, AMA
Im a developer, and Im not old enough no get a job, AMA!
I just had an orchiopexy surgery on my testicles, AMA.
Feeling Hella Upset ngl. AMA
I am 20, from Quebec, Canada. I am currently working as a tinsmith, but I eventually want to open a bakery. AMA
I have Hypnophobia and I am scared of sleeping. AMA.
I was one of those people who bought Hand Sanitizers, Antibacterial wipes/soaps and sold it for 8x the price on eBay. AMA
I got hearing aids in 7th grade, AMA!
I just learned that left handed people press the gas petal with their left foot AMA
M/31 just got bit by a coronavirus patient I’m gonna be a zombie soon
I got underwear, socks and a shirt on, AMA
I am monogamous in polygamous relationship, ama!
I have just been diagnosed with Alzheimer's AMA
I'm from Palestine, living in the middle of Israeli/Palestinian conflict, Ask me anything!
I’ve lived with a cat that I am allergic to for ten years. AMA. Cat is also open for questions.
I am a 12 year old music producer. Ask me anything.
i eat food and drink water on a frequent basis for sustenance, AMA
I Have been The owner Of a RP server For two years, AMA
First reddit minute, no clue what I’m doing, AMA figure trying to reply will teach me the app
I am 5'11'' 14 yr. Old AMA
16 people died of corona virus where I live
I'm drunk, AMA
I am a Roblox exploiter, AMA.
i've offically worked a full week (30 hours) at my new job at an ice cream shop. AMA! 🍦
I am a 14 year old trans guy, AMA
I am an 100% A Student (8th grade) AMA
Im a 13 year old teenager who studies 4 languages at high school.AMA
I study in sociology university rn and a resident living in Lesvos island where all immigrants are coming most in Greece! AMA
I'm from in Italy, and in 2 hours my region will be declared "Red Zone" and undergo a lockdown due to COVID-19. AMA.
I started coding at 13. At 15 I made a 1M+ downloads app and now, at 18 I work full time as a mobile developer. AMA
I’m shitty at baking cakes, AMA
I live in Eastern Kentucky. AMA.
I used to work for a company that was giving away hand sanitizers to new customers. I stole a whole box 2 years ago and still have a dozen of them. AMA
I'm 11, AMA.
AMA but you edit your question so my answer gets out of context
I have eight fetishes (1 in 6561 chance) AMA
I am a 5’11 male AMA
I used to post to at gamer rise up AMA
I think Canada Geese are mistreated. AMA
I design missile systems for a living. AMA
I was born and live in a very British household ASA
I’m 6’6 tall. AMA
I’m an Italian student from the red zone of COVID19. AMA
M 21 feeling very very sad ama
I have the infamous coronavirus, ask me anything.
I live in Vienna. AMA
I was dumped last week, stood up on rebound date yesterday, AMA
I was born in Florida, AMA.
I was neglected for the first year of my life AMA
I’m a student at an average, shitty British secondary school AMA
I have a rare disease called Hyperkeratosis
i used to break girls hearts like it was a hobby. AMA
I'm in 16 hour bus ride with a bunch of premature assholes who are playing their shit rap music on full volume. Please send help, or just ama.
I Struggle From Anxiety Disorder. Ask Me Anything.
my boyfriend is paraplegic AMA
I like showering in complete darkness. Ask me antthing.
I need some fun people to talk to. AMA
Rouge healer, unauthorized practitioner of medicine, DIY biologist/chemist, and fugitive from justice. AmA!
.
I can solve a Rubik’s Cube in 10 seconds, AMA
my boyfriend is paraplegic, AMA
Every day I wash but my underarmies are still a bit smelly! This needs to be talked about. AMA
Iam very smort AMA
When I was in grade 3, I was out in the hall at recess getting a drink from the water fountain and there was a grade sixer behind me and when I turned around she looked at me and said, "Halloween's over, you can take off your mask." My little eight year old soul was crushed. AMA
I have a diaper fetish, AMA!
Today I created my 4th Reddit accounts since 2012, all of the previous ones I have deactivated. AMA!
Needing some karma, new to Reddit.
I am the son of a multi-millionaire, AMA.
My Parents restrict almost everything on my phone. AMA
My blood pressure 150 when I am in a good mood
Me and my friend went out to get a cake and ended up being within 5 metres of a stabbing. AMA.
I am an epileptic child. AMA
I’m a therapist AMA
I went to a Bernie Sanders rally last night. AMA.
I have Aphantasia AMA
AMA: I am a former cheater! I used to hang around with groups of cheaters, players ... etc.
i was born with a shortened tendon AMA
I've been on Reddit for 1 year 3 months and 5 day and have 21 karma! AMA?
Please give me attention
I’m bored AMA
I’m a private investigator currently on a case and am now waiting at a gate at the airport.. AMA
I've now got a boyfriend who isn't worried about my previous life choices (I did an AMA on that a few weeks ago) and we are looking to get married soon. AMA.
My mom is a ”Karen”, AMA
I lost my virginity to an escort. AMA.
Today one year ago I started my Reddit account, AMA
I got infected with the Corona Virus! AMA
I am a mute girl who just gained her first crush. Ama
im 16 and im bored with life AMA!
Last year around April 28th I overdosed and was put into a "Behavioral Center." AMA!
I went way too hard waking and baking. AMA
As usual, my colleague walked in on me while I [F 29] was pumping out my overflowing breasts at work today. AMA
I am a former Amazon employee, ask me anything.
I breathed air today, AMA
I am a former german exchange student in America. AMA!
Bored Hypnotist and researcher of Hypnosis. AMA.
I just had a threesome AMA!
I have never been gilded AMA
I am from Austria, AMA
Halloween Horror Nights Actor AMA
I play both Minecraft and Fortnite, AMA
I am a hentai artist AMA
I’m 13 years old and have my whole life planned out, AMA!
F 31 Indian. I lost my virginity at 23 to my ex husband. Had sex with him only till I was 28. Got divorced from him and my body count is over three dozen now. AMA
I am the king of jupiter and a robot. Ask me anything.
I was hospitalized in a mental health ward for over a week - AMA!
My plane boards in 15 minutes and I’m deathly afraid of flying... AMA
I believe in reincarnation. AMA
I [F 42] work as an escort and yesterday I was been accidentally booked by my son. We both called it off when we found out.
i got married at 22 and divorced at 24. ama
I was a homeschooled missionary kid raised in the bowels of the Bible belt during the height of purity culture. AMA.
F 31. I am an office slut and yesterday, I had a quickie with two of my coworkers. AMA
I have a diaper fetish, AMA!
Currently traveling Asia for 6 months to grow my YouTube channel! AMA.
I’ve watched a whole bunch of anime (like 40). AMA
Honest Muslim girl here, AMA!
I’m a professional magician AMA
I've been attending boarding school since I was 8 years old AMA
I never use an alarm clock. (I am my own alarm clock) AMA
I {F 35} am a woman who having an incestuous sex with her nephew.
I’m not a potato AMA
Tax Firm in Ohio AMA
My wife drug me down a two year journey of "Self Discovery" AMA
All I ate was lasagna and pretzels for the 3 days AMA.
Got diagnosed with ADHD yesterday, AMA
I was in a cult/therapeutic community for 13 years AMA
F 35. A school teacher here. AMA
I can’t stand my parents and parents cańt stand me.They are telling me that my birth was a mistake. We live together and we didn’t talked for like a year. AMA
I only need 500 karma to get to 20,000 AMA
I [F 30] got pregnant by my friend's husband, with her approval as she couldn't bear a child and handed over the child to them. AMA
My edible just kicked in and I still have 10 hours to go in my car ride so AMA
I'm new to Reddit.
I had a clinical death, AMA
I'm a 13 year old on reddit. Ask me anything.
My dad is a little drunk right now. AMA.
AMA - BMW employee here. Ask me anything, from heritage all the way to the future!
I slept with a man old enough to be my grandpa, AMA
I have not had a crush since first/second grade. AMA
I am from Saskatchewan AMA
I'm a Incel, AMA
Update 2 so i did an ama earlier this week about a girl who is lesbians and likes me (15m) and now she is my gf ama
diagnosed with conduct disorder, AMA
I am bored
I work at IKEA. AMA
diagnosed with conduct disorder, AMA
I’m 14 and gay ama
Liverpool vs Bournemouth Live reddit
I am 16 with autism and adhd. AMA
My boyfriend doesn’t know I have a sugar daddy who pays for my college...AMA
I started testosterone yesterday, AMA
I’ve been a McDonald’s employee for a little over a month AMA
Ask me anything and I will respond with a hand drawn picture.
I’m seriously considering promoting genocide against furries, AMA
I'm a 23 year old female and last night I slept with a man twice my age (45) for the first time... AMA.
Im homeschooled. AMA 😐
posted on another subreddit about how im essentially the "other girl" &amp; got nothing but hate AMA
I saw Chuck D interview Rakim and I am bored at work AMA
[UFC248||StReAmS] UFC 248: Adesanya vs Romero LIvE StReAmS rEdDiT [Official@Streams]
LiVe Thread: UFC 248: Adesanya vs Romero Live Streaming | UFC 248 Free
I am a neet until further notice AMA
I just woke up horribly, AMA
LiVe Thread: UFC 248: Adesanya vs Romero Live Streaming | UFC 248 Free
I’ve never met my Dad, he drugged my mum with heroine and got her addicted, she got clean and came back, I’ve just found him on Facebook but he’s using my name, AMA
I have one eye! AMA!
I live in an edgy area of Glasgow, Scotland and everyone looks like they want to hurt me...AMA
I just got a haircut AMA
I made a post 5 months ago about my dad coming out to my family and I have since wanted to do an updated version about my current situation. AMA!
I'm an italian teen in the middle a corona virus outbreak, AMA!
I lost my voice for 5 months and got it back. AMA
im a very good looking guy who is genuinely tired of hooking up with random girls AMA
I have schizoaffective disorder bipolar type AMA
I’m bored and anxious AMA
I have just started the subreddit r/RandomCarstuff. AMA
I went on a 3 day investigation into TikTok to find out what people hate about it so much AMA
Im a mongolian AMA
Ask a Homeschooler anything
I just used a lighter to shave
I created a board game about contacting, conjuring and worshiping demons. AMA
It’s 3am where I live, I can’t sleep, currently listening to Lily Allen, AMA
I'm an autistic narcissist with adhd. AMA
I was 200 meters away from a terrorist attack yesterday, at an American International school. AMA
can’t sleep, pls distract me, AMA
I’m bored and from the UK,also an aspiring Med student AMA
I had sex with a gorilla last night AMA
What dou you feel about Kpop? And why?
I haven't developed a crush in a couple of years. AMA
I had an iPhone 6s for three years and finally upgraded to an iPhone X. AMA
I was amazon seller, maybe u can ask me about AMZ
Im a 29 year old incel. AMA!
I’m having regular cybersex with my favorite YouTuber. Watched them for years. AMA
I've been diagnosed with severe OCD. AMA!
I work in computer repair and you may ask me anything about the place I work for.
I am a close contact of a COVID-19 case in Singapore, and I am on an enforced 14 day home quarantine. AMA
I worked as a laundryman and room cleaner at a hotel for almost a year. Ask me anything!
My school has an entire subject about Christianity. AMA
I spent 3 months in NICU hospital with my baby who was born prematurely, only knew we were pregnant for 5 weeks before birth and now we are finally home. AMA.
I have adhd, autism and conduct disorder. AMA
I speak three languages AMA!
I run the official r/GamersRiseUp Discord. AMA.
I haven’t been genuinely happy in years. AMA
I run the rapidly-growing r/GamersRiseUp Discord. AMA.
I moved away from my country to start a new life AMA
I'm 16f, diagnosed with ADHD, autism and conduct disorder. also I'm a compulsive liar. believe me? AMA
I don’t have a palmaris longus. Only 16% of the population don’t have the muscle. It is a muscle in your wrist area. For pics look it up AMA
I’m a 17 y/o who lives an ‘interesting’ life
I live in Saudi Arabia. AMA
I’m German and a gypsy ama
I have an undiagnosable medical condition causing me to be in severe pain for the majority of my day. AMA
I’m a 17 y/o who lives an “interesting life”
I feel emotionally numb. AMA
I am an antivax, prolife, flat-earth, creationist. AMA!
I Am A High Functioning Sociopath (ASPD), AMA
CANADIAN LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER
I just recently started watching everything with subtitles now AMA
I work at a gas station! AMA
I (17F) am an asthmatic Ultimate Frisbee player! AMA.
I am a Canadian AMA
I'm a compulsive liar and feel empty inside! AMA
Someone living close to me just got diagnosed with Caronavirus, AMA!
I am a swordsman, AMA.
I'm an attention seeker AMA
I wash my anus and balls with a water pik - AMA
Im an asian AMA
It's my birthday! Ama
I [34M] find hot girls in my city on IG and pay them for sex, AMA
I’m a ugly dumbass AMA
My life is a Disney Channel original movie AMA
I have very bad ADD and no medicine can treat it very well
what is that meme were a stoneage man is listening to two men in suit?
I'm a collegiate student athlete AMA
I am a furry, ask me anything!
I am very confused atm when I'm trying to be more friendly to someone.
Realized the person I liked is really really crappy to me.
I ate Ass for the first time
I suffered derealization three years ago and I still have it. Ask me anything!
I got fired from my job just before COVID-19
I'm a Malaysian living in the current political crisis. AMA
My house has exactly one bathroom, and my disabled grandmother stands in the bathroom for 90-120 actual minutes about 4 times a day. AMA
Yesterday was my first cake day. I totally missed out on it. AMA.
I did rhythmic gymnastics for 10 years (7-16). AMA =)
Im a republican-raised Texan that has been lying to their family about who they are voting for in the general election (probs voting blue instead of Trump). Not even my fiancé knows. AMA.
I have Thanatophobia, known as the fear of death or the idea of being dead, AMA!
I have an Instagram crush and I need advice.
I'm singing by myself for the first time in front of my entire school, and I'm freaking out about it. AMA.
Just Cut My Balls Shaving AMA
I have been intentionally selebate from sex for 6 months now. AMA
I’m at a Boy Scout event and even though we just got here we have set of the fire alarm 3-4 times trying to start a fire place and just took it off the wall AMA
Nothing is a coincidence... AMA
I just got rejected by my crush, AMA
Darn it! Kristen Stewart dripped some BBQ on my new leather AMA
i looked at a solar eclipse AMA ig
DIY biologist/chemist, amateur medical scientist, amateur healer, author and fugitive from (American) justice. AmA!
I suffer from daily Insomnia. AMA
I am just a normal man. AMA
I’m babysitting and falling asleep despite munching on plantain chips and drinking caffeine, AMA
I work on Elevators/Escalators. AMA
i had my first kiss in a mental hospital. ama
I'm a abuse surviver, brought by the hands of my parents. Ask me anything!
Im an alien who is incapable of getting a girlfriend because im not human. AMA!
I'm diagnosed with PDB and SzPD. AMA
I'm 4'10 (upon last measurement) AMA
I'm a high functioning autistic male, ask me anything!
i am a half Chinese person. my mother and grandmother were both Communist militants and Red Guards during the Chinese Civil War, Cultural Revolution and 'Great Leap Forward.' i grew up listening to their stories, ask me anything
Im living a dream life for most people. AMA
I have auditory processing disorder. AMA
My teacher gave me a motivational speech today, AMA
I’m drunk AMA
I am a 30something adult who measures 4 feet 10.5 inches. I wear kids size shoes and my hands are the same size as an average 5-6 year old - AMA
.Backwards it do but AMA
If Democrats win this US election, I’ll walk into the street and yell “HA-HA-HA-HA-HA...!” for a long time. AMA
I can dislocate my shoulder, make my back plate pop out, I can’t bend one of my toes AMA
I was born with a hand defect that means I'm missing most of my left hand, AMA
I work in a doctor’s office. AMA
I think Charles Manson was an okay guy most of the time, AMA
I am an Anarchist, AMA.
im high as fuck AMA
I'm an amatuer medical scientist / biohacker - AMA!
I'm a compulsive liar. AMA
Im a cripple in the hospital and had two (smallish) emergency surgeries in under two weeks
I am 11 AMA
I am 11 AMA
Today’s my birthday, I didn’t get one text and I’m 1126 Miles away from my family. I’ve never felt more lonely than today. AMA
I'm losing touch with humanity, AMA.
I am 20 years old and work at my old high school AMA
I'm drunk as hell ama
I’m an antisocial, demisexual straight male, AMA
I am a human. AMA
Just ate KFC Donut Tender AMA
I’m a military brat who lived in Japan when the 2011 Earthquake/Tsunami happened and I’ve also lived in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba AMA
Talking to men on Grindr after discovering I was Bi cost me my wife. AMA
I am an extraterrestrial
16m currently have casts up to my thighs and to my toes on both my legs with a bar in between. Been in them for 2 weeks with 4 weeks to go. AMA.
At the gym without headphones AMA
Just bought my first condo at age 20 AMA
I'm chronically suicidal. It may seem weird but it's a real thing. AMA
I’m a Muslim AMA
Hey Reddit, Former Black person here! Ask me anything!
I work at a retirement home in Washington State AMA
What does ama mean
My community has coronavirus. AMA
I am a 14 Year old from The Netherlands AMA
I will give you insight into what the world becomes AMA
my best friend just cut me off, ama
I’m an Arab lawyer born and raised in the Holy Land aka Israel/Palestine AMA
Im first time on shrooms. AMA
I am a 14 year old Australian AMA
imm duckionf hammered AMA
Got screwed over by one of my favorite singers. AMA
I have severe OCD, AMA.
Im drunk AMA
18 y/o girl selling nudes and feet pics :) hmu on kik @lovelydove12049
Currently being stood up for date tonight, AMA
Pizza’s on the way, AMA
I'm a time observer. AMA
I’m nicknamed the next JK Rowling my name is Marilyn Muhammad Brodie author of “Kyle off Chains” and I’m better than you AMA
I was asked to paint an album cover for a “celeb” for exposure and got screwed over. AMA
Just attacked the Jedi temple, AMA
I made hummus from scratch and it changed my life. Ask me anything.
I was the man behind the slaughter AMA
I’m a 23 year old healthy adult male AMA. Even NSFW
I’ve been writing every day for 100 days. AMA.
I’m sad, had bad day. Nothing really serious, but family destroyed my dreams. AMA
Scottish person here. AMA
I eat anchovies as a snack. AMA
My "uncle" is my real father and we're finally having an honest talk tomorrow. ASK HIM ANYTHING
I can suck my own dick. AMA
I feel like i might have depression and/or anxiety and i dont know how to handle it. AMA!
Im currently on the toilet AMA
I’m Marilyn Muhammad Brodie author of my Kyle in Chains spinoff of “Kyle off Chains” AMA
I worked at a Planet Fitness for 2 years, AMA
I am a 13 year old 7th grader who got a 26 on the high school ACT AMA
17 year old, English Male. Not particularly interesting but want strangers on the internet to pretend to be interested in my life to feed the dying embers of my ego.
I’m a delivery driver for Door Dash, ask me anything
My city just got the coronavirus AMA
Everyday we hear stories about kids being bullied.I want to present the other side.I was a bully for a good part of my school life.AMA
I'm an stalker-type yandere. AMA
16 y/o drug addict ama
I am a normal person who secretly smokes meth daily. AMA.
I'm currently working in a UK supermarket during the Corona outbreak panic AMA!
I will be complemented by whatever you say!
Just Sparred my friend for the first time, got caught with a straight and my knee popped out AMA
I'm scared of heights AMA
I have raised a family of Rapunzels. AMA
My Little brother died when I was three (11years ago). AMA
AMA request: someone who is from the epicenter of some of the major coronavirus outbreaks
I am a sociopath ask me anything!
I’m a child of 4 with a single mother who went through nursing school on a penny pinching budget to support us. I was also abused by her Ex because we didn’t have anywhere else to stay AMA.
Spring break is gonna start for me in 4 minutes, AMA
There are 7 minutes left until spring break, AMA
I [16M] snorted mdma last night ask me anythinggg
New to the subreddit. I'm brazilian and bored right now, ask me anything.
I'm a Tax Specialist, AMA.
I'm a Certified QuickBooks User, AMA.
I'm Welsh AMA
i have adhd, autisim, and anxiety. ama
I'm bored. AMA.
Who Cares?
I was raised by alt-right Republicans who holed us up on a mountain away from everyone and was homophobic and racist until I came to college - now I'm a bisexual democratic socialist, AMA
I was molested by my dad as a kid AMA
I was talking to this girl for about a month until she recently blocked me on everthing for no reason. AMA
My brothers been lost in an avalanche for the last month. AMA
I invented oxygen, AMA.
I’m a teenager with ADHD (Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder), AMA
After 1 year I finally reached 1k karma! AMA
I sell my nudes on onlyfans AMA
I haven’t peed or pood in over 14 hours. Ask me anything
I observe administrative work and shake ass to Dexter Morgan. AMA.
I dropped out of university after my first semester to go to trade school (HVAC), I am 18 years old. AMA
I just got done watching porn ama
I'm 6"3 and can dunk a basketball AMA
I was told I had tiny pp AMAM
I am really annoyed that this sub turned into ''Haha small event that everyone has in their life AMA'' and I wanne change that AMA
I suffer from binge eating disorder. Ask me anything
I'm a 17 years 364 days old child, no sexual questions please as I'm just a little CHILD.
I just got banned from r/darkhumor AMA
I just got into art college, AMA!
I am a (almost) 17 year old male, diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome (Autism spectrum), depression, GAD (General Anxiety Disorder), and PTSD. I am 5'6", 115lbs (52 Kg). AMA!
I’m a girl who was diagnosed Autistic at 19, AMA
I'm from England. AMA
I can solve a 3x3 Rubik's Cube AMA
I am in a food coma from too many girl scout cookies. AMA
I’m a young woman who’s survived cancer, twice, had a kidney transplant, and is living with anorexia. AMA.
Am I the only person with no sexual interest in anyone? (Shower Thought)
Oh boy
Hey Reddit, I'm some guy who just smoked weed for the first time ever. AMA.
Who else is tired of being lonely now?
I Have Disorganized-Type Schizophrenia, AMA :)
F19 Bipolar self harmer in university with a recent suicide attempt... AMA! :)
I'm 13 and took hallucinogenic mushrooms.
I'm 13 and took hallucinogenic mushrooms.
I suffer from severe chronic masturbation/porn addiction. Ask me anything
I’m a security guard at a Hospital In New York. AMA!
Im afraid of beavers AMA
I just got sponsored by a brand to promote them on social media. AMA!
I'm miserable and had a miserable week, ask me anything.
Currently chilling in my room, rocking to The Beatles. AMA
I need karma. Give me karma. AMA
i think undercover transgenders shouldnt be on tv
I am a mechanical engineering student and I have a research paper on our engineers happy ANY information will help a lot
I’m ethnically 100% chinese, but doesn’t speak chinese, has a first and last name that sounds italian, married to a Japanese, and born and raised in Indonesia. AMA
31yo virgin here. Never kissed. Male. AMA
When I was 9 , I got a Shiny Mudkip on Sapphire on my first boot up of the game - and I reset thinking I broke it.... AMA
I conquered Anxiety and Depression, AMA
I am gay from Russia, what about gay people in the USA?
I’m 14 and I got stoned for the first time last night
14 soon, I hoochie coochie pump handle to Ellen Page and Rory Culkin while eating Kit Kat daily. AMA.
My mom believes almost everything on this planet has something to do with aliens. She even believes aliens implanted us on Earth. AMA
Damn im sad a coyote killed my cat, I have the coyote locked up on my basement now, he gonna pay for killing a cat that had a lovely family, AMA
I am a mechanic AMA
I'm stranded in Minneapolis for the day because my car broke down AMA
I am the top student of the school, AMA
Anything you ask me ill respond like an angry, overly-sentistive fake gangster.
I suddenly developed a tic disorder and the doctors don't know the cause yet. AMA
I'm german, AMA
I’m a 12 year old music producer. AMA
I’m sad AMA
Im living in Qom, the "epicentre of the coronavirus" in the middle east. AMA
I just got out of a 10 month relationship and it was a craziest shit ever. AMA
i had corona
I'm a compulsive liar, ask me anything
I'm a sex positive Ace. AMA
I am a 24 year old woman with autism. Ask me anything.
I'm desperately trying to fight my desire to kill myself today
Just learnt lower case cursive!! AMA :))
Im a 13 yo kid and my father is an alcoholic. AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
I'm currently procrastinating boxing the stuff in my room. AMA
I was told growing up I was a slow learner and most likely would always be placed in resource room or need extra help. At the age of 18 I graduated from a private school for gifted teens and plan to be a doctor. AMA
My online friend commited suicide AMA
I'm not in Ireland AMA!
Today exactly one year ago I started my Reddit account, AMA
I [F 30] got pregnant by my friend's husband, with her approval as she couldn't bear a child and handed over the child to them. AMA
Turn that frown upside down
I'm (20F) a helpline volunteer AMA
I have aspergers AMA
I have aspergers
I'm seriously afraid of needles yet i do have tattoos and piercings AMA
I'm national socialist, ask me anything.
Today is my birthday. AMA
What would you do first if you found out you were to die tomorrow
Filipino who lives in one of the shadiest part of the country(mindanao) near killers and bombers. AMA
Filipino who lives in one of the shadiest part of the country(mindanao) nears kills and bombers
AMA
F 28. I breastfeed my sister's twins along with my child. AMA
I converted to Islam about a year and a half ago, AMA
21 years old (M) last year of university, have to finish it but i don't think i can and getting super anxious. AMA
What is your biggest fear?
Bored waiting at Jury Duty for the next 6 hours. AMA.
Just been a&amp;e (minor injuries unit) after a child in work decided to hit me across the head with a bat from behind. Bored and feeling sorry for myself in bed! AMA
I'm an Affiliate Marketer, AMA!
I'm from Ireland ask me anything
I am a Lady truck driver, no longer over the road, local. AMA.
I think girls who shave their underarms everyday should get a medal and those that dont should be punished a little bit 😊 AMA
I had the corona virus and recovered. I am still self quarantined AMA
My boss just finger blasted me in the elevator. AMA.
I can put sex in anything
Im british, AMA.
I have DID (multiple personalities), AMA
I [f 21] briefly hooked up with my father sometime ago. AMA
I'm a 21 year old guy. I'm an open book with no cover and name. AMA.
I’m 6’4, AMA.
In grade 1 I had the 64 color crayola crayon box with the built in sharpener and the whole deal. One day after school, the guidance councilor needed some crayons and took my box telling my teacher he'd replace them. Three weeks later the fucking cocksucker gave me two 8 packs. I was devastated. AMA
I was a smoker for 31 years, I Quit smoking a month ago today.
I was diagnosed with anti social personality disorder which I am classified as a sociopath AMA I will be honest
I'm a girl. AMA
I support trump ama
I'm a regular guy AMA
I {F 35} am a woman who having an incestuous sex with her nephew.
I got hiy and I was stuck In "limbo" for 2h/???ama.
My parents are nudists. AMA.
I'm in physics class and I'm bored out of my mind. AMA. PLEASE.
A friend gave me a slice of cake, AMA
I'm an introvert AMA
Im from the Balkan. AMA
I was 200 meters away from a terrorist attack today. AMA
Not scared of corona virus.... zombie apocalypse? What would you do?
im a figment of your imagination ama
F 35. A school teacher here. AMA
I used to work in immersive theater Ask Me Anything.
I just bit into a guitar pick - AMA
I lucid dream every night, AMA
I have been diagnosed with coronavirus, AMA
I have high blood pressure. AMA .
I can't sleep right now, ama
Dry &amp; Brittle Hair
I take things super literally. AMA
I have ADHD AMA
I take thing super literally. AMA
You dont know my views on certain topics yet. AMA
[Request] - Coronavirus survivor or current case
IamA summer employee of a nudist resort AMA
I’m bored and in the waiting room for my therapy to start.AMA
I have Eustachian Tube Dysfunction, AMA
AMA but continue eachothers questions with one sentence making a story.
I just wanna talk. Ask Me Anything.
I'm a late millenial AMA
I just realized that the cake day symbol is a slice of cake.AMA
Currently in isolation in the UK after being tested for Coronavirus on Monday... Now day 5 with no results and starting to lose my mind to boredom - AMA!
[serious] I had surgery on me right testicle AMA.
I once got raped by a 17 year old girl when i was 15. AMA
I work in a brothel a few nights a week. AMA.
Im from the Balkan. AMA
Im iraqi porn addictive AMA
I'm biracial [half black ,half white ] Ask Me Anything AMA
Can't sleep. Wanna talk about anything. So AMA!
I´m a student in germany and i visite a school for people with disabilities, AMA
I just realized that I am a coomer - I was beating my meat, even when its flaccid. AMA
Im from Norway, AMA
I am a pakistani. Ask me anything.
i got what you need AMA
2 Terrorists just blew themselves around the US's embassy near the place I work in, AMA
I’m at an 18th birthday party, I’m the only one not drunk and I’m super bored. AMA
Im from the Balkan. AMA
Former heavy drug user and with a lot of mental health issues that after a lot of work and effort have managed to put my life back together AMA
I’m An Iranian Woman. AMA!
I have a friend with 100k subscribers on Youtube. AMA
My school was the first school in California (USA I think?) to have been deep cleaned because of contact with the coronavirus. AMA
I'm a Russian born jew who escaped USSR in 1990 before perestroyka. AMA
I worked as a laundryman and a room cleaner at a hotel for almost a year. Ask me anything!
It’s been over a year since I’ve had a hug, AMA!
I’m a New Zealand dairy farmer AMA.
AMA but edit your question to make it look like a mindfuck
I’m still awake and have to work at 7am (it’s 3am here) AMA
I got my wisdom teeth taken out today AMA
I have been diagnosed with Coronavirus, AMA.
I’m 29 &amp; still very attached &amp; dependent with my parents .. AMA
I am so far into the friend zone, she pecked me on the lips at the bar. AMA
I am an Italian woman living in Emilia Romagna, in one of the so-called “risky regions” for Covid-19. AMA!
Everyone says about stupid CORONASHIT all the time. STOP IT!!!!!!!!
I'm a "Paranoid Schizophrenic" - It's more than an illness. AMA.
im autistic ama
Muslims in my country are asked to leave the country. AMA
I'm having an existential crisis, AMA and I'll tell you why it doesn't matter.
I am trapped inside my car
I'm from Shanghai, have been in the states for 7 year for education, now I'm back and I love food. AMA
My parents are getting divorced right now and I'm scared. AMA!
Catholic Christian
I just realized I am probably autistic and I'm a black girl (Rarely diagnosed) AMA
All I do is bang bitches. I get up in the morning and I start banging bitches. Then I bang bitches all day long. Then at night I go to a bar and pick up a couple bitches and bring them home and bang them. Then I get up in the morning and I start banging bitches again. All I do is bang bitches. AMA
I'm a public health nurse, currently on the COVID-19 (Novel Coronavirus) special event group. AmA!
My mother was told to abort me because I would be born with 90 percent chance of severe down syndrome but she went on with the birth and now I'm here completely fine AMA!
Im high, AMA.
I volunteered as a student poll worker in California this super tuesday! Ama
One of my friends just rejected my marriage proposal. AMA!
I will be going on a two [m]onth paternity leave. AMA
I find humans interesting to study, ama
I work with a Karen who's name is actually Karen. AMA.
Im a 12 year old music producer. AMA
I’ve masted the game of picking up girls ask me anything on advice.
I worked at a one of the 3 “lingere modeling” shops in portland, OR. AMA
I am a Furry, AMA!
10 years bulimic, 5 years recovered. AMA
I’m a woman in a long-term relationship with my twin sister. AMA.
Gym bros, arching your back on bench is not bad for you, ama.
AMA I took an ambien 30 minutes ago
I need karma AMA
AITA for thanking my(14f) sister(21f) for having no contact with our father from the moment she found out she was pregnant til now?
I’m so bad at comforting others I creep them out.... ama?
I’m 17 years old and I watched my mom pass away less then a year ago. AMA
I drastically changed my singing voice in 2 short years. AMA
I’m a transgender guy. Ask me any question at all no matter how Invasive. AMA
I’m having a slice of cake tomorrow, AMA
Is the fish? AMA
AMA Request: Someone who has had COVID-19.
I have ADHD and Unidentified Anxiety Disorder
I'm a larper AMA
LA Stunt Performer
I have Xylophagia, AMA!
I am a 22 year old with a double hip replacement
Ive had reddit for over a year and still have less than 70 karma
If life is a game how many chances do we get?
i think i may have a crush on one of my good friends ama
Whats your take on world travel during this outbreak?
I am a Youtuber who has a split personality of a demon king and rules an army, AMA
I'm in the center of Washington's corona, AMA
I snuck into a movie today ama
I'm a German. Ask me anything.
Ontario Insurance Broker
I work the night shift of a Subway, and I'm pretty sure it's haunted, AMA
Ask me anything. Change your comment afterwards, to make me seem like I’m going insane!
Morals?
I support Sonic for 2020 presidency. AMA
AMA
I am a 27 year old incel. AMA
I’m a monkey with alien dna.
I work three jobs (two part times and one freelance). Ask me anything.
Just a bored 14 year old, Ask Me Anything.
whoever downvotes this is a bitch
Im a former drug dealer. AMA
I am a furry, AMA!
I am a blood fetishist and practice bloodplay. AMA
I'm a fursuit maker, AMA!
I'm a convicted far-left terrorist &amp; former paid protester . Now I train police officers on protest behavior. AMA!
I got hit by a car when i was 10 years old, ask me anything!
I work in VFX for movies and TV AMA
Almost 20 and I’m starting to realize my parents are drifting apart after 25 years of marriage and might end up getting divorced at some point. Ask me anything.
Found out a few days ago that I got used as a rebound. It was my first experience with anything whatsoever. AMA.
I just paper-cut my dick - AMA
My birthday is sex day (6/9) AMA
Tell me what is your favorite band/singer and i will listen to them, and tell you why they're shit.
Just got my license AMA
I’m a starbucks barista. AMA
I'm 1/235 people without power in IL, according to my dying internet. AMA while my computer's swan song rings out.
I’m a cop /AMA
I am officially a server at a Japanese Hibachi/Sushi restaurant. AMA
Found out a few days ago that I got used as a rebound. It was my first experience with anything whatsoever. AMA.
I’m 2 beers deep after a 12 hour shift. AMA
I’m a drum line member in pit, ama (I’m bored at practice)
Today, I schedule an appointment with a neurosurgeon to remove a cyst from my brain. AMA
I just smoked 5 bowls AMA
My doggo just turned 2 AMA
I'm in therapy for complex trauma, AMA
I got Pokemon Mystery Dungeon early ask me anything.
Aeronautical Engineering and Golf
I am a young (25m) Independent Voter AMA!
Micro Penis Black Guy!!!!
Found out a few days ago that I got used as a rebound. It was my first experience with anything whatsoever. AMA.
I'm a big Plants vs Zombies 1 fan, and I want to answer questions you have about it, so ask me anything.
I live out of a backpack. Field Engineer for a corporate company and have permanently been on the road for the past five(5) years. No bills, rent, mortgage, house, partner, kids, pets or things and technically homeless.
Found out a few days ago that I got used as a rebound. It was my first experience with anything whatsoever. AMA.
That moment you realize you shouldn’t legally be allowed to be an adult bc ur legit disappointed that there’s not a piece of candy in your lunchable. Also bc you still eat lunchables. AMA
I'm a British American citizen that was wrongfully detained by ICE in November for 5 weeks (including my birthday) only to be released as innocent when they learnt my family visa was valid. AMA.
I’m going to die in the next few hours AMA
I can literally feel luck. AMA
I'm told I give pretty good relationship advice. AMA
I wear glasses. AMA!
My mother is 4ft with half her femur bones and only one good arm. AMA
Found out a few days ago that I got used as a rebound. It was my first experience with anything whatsoever. AMA.
I am Clinically tested Bipolar, Ill try to answer anything! AMA
I’m a farmer of commercial poultry,beef,and lamb and I also have been a professional butcher. Ama.
I JUST LOST MY VIRGINITY WOOOOOOOOO AMA.im bit drunk too Haha Haha AmA
My father passed away this week and I don't really feel anything. AMA.
I don’t wear underwear. AMA.
I'm a teenage author, with my first book published at age 13 and my second on its way. Ask me anything!
Guy living with spinal cord injury currently in the hospital on many pain meds and sleep deprived after 3 ER visits and two minor surgeries with complications in 9 days.
I have synesthesia (not professional diagnosed) AMA
Juat got out of a 12 year relationship; my ex posted the same AMA before but if you wanna hear my side... AMA!
I met my husband on xbox live when I was 14 years old AMA
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I (28/F) just smoked (a cigarette) in my family home for the first time ever. AMA.
I am completely color blind that means I only see black and white. AMA
I have food poisoning, AMA!
I Have Synesthesia. Ask Me Anything
My mom works in a butcher shop, Ask her anything
I am an optimist. AMA, and I will find the positive in it.
18yo Brazilian musician, just joined Reddit, am very bored. AMA.
I'm Schizophrenic not taking medicine and my best friend is a stuffed beaver AMA
Coronavirus spread on Infants ( less than 1 month)
38M who hasn't had sex in over 10 years. AMA
Today is Dissociative Identity Disorder awareness day! I have DID, formerly known as MPD (multiple personality disorder). Ask me anything!
My life is pretty much a wierd shitpost. AMA
So my freshmen year of high school (last year) me and a friend made a meme page on Instagram and posted memes of teachers and the school and got in a shit ton of trouble AMA
I’m 13 and drink alcohol AMA
I have had no money for 5 months, and it sucks. AMA
I have been working at McDonalds for 20 years, ask me McAnything!
Nobody cares that it's my bday
My dog fell off my garage when I was 10 AmA
I'm a polyglot AMA.
In class for another 2 hours, all my work is finished but we aren't allowed to leave early. AMA
I live in a group home (for now) meant for adults with intellectual disabilities. AMA
I am a 17-year-old recovering drug addict and alcoholic with 2 years of sobriety, I have been juvie 2 times AMA.
I was quarantined on the Diamond Princess, sent to the US, quarantined at Lackland Air Base, and now am home facing stigma. AMA!
Movie Stunt Performer
Currently in Corona-Quarantine, very bored so: AMA
I’m about to enter my School with a heavy cold, whilst someone two doors down has been wheeled to ER ill, AMA
Found out a few days ago that I got used as a rebound. It was my first experience with anything whatsoever. AMA.
i’m a hypochondriac, AMA
I have been to ever country/territory AMA
I just spent 4 days in a psych ward, ama!
I am sent off to work from home as coronavirus was found in our London offices. AMA
Unleashed a strong SBD in a crowded elevator on the 38th floor (going down) during end of day rush. AMA!
Today, I had my last final, two separate dentist appointments, and upon getting home my bed’s leg broke and my bed collapsed. AMA
I (26M) put a pair of underwear on Sunday morning and I wear them all week. On Friday night I go out to the bathhouse and have sex with as many men as possible and I use my underwear as a cum rag to clean up all the cum. I then sell them online. I do this every week and make pretty good money. AMA
I HAVE TAPEWORMS SINCE 15+ YEARS AMA
Know a lot about WWE and wrestling in general
I'm a 19 year old male diagnosed with Autism and ASPD (Sociopath) AMA.
i have dissociative identity disorder (multiple personality disorder). AMA!
I have a set day when I have to die AMA
I'm (mostly) recovered from an eating disorder, AMA
I had th drink 12 ounces of laxatives for a colonoscopy, and now have not pooped for 4 days because of how well I was cleaned out. I have experienced what it's like to live poop free. AMA!
If you're a straight man and you refuse to date a transwoman that means you're transphobic and a hater. A trans woman is a woman- period. Any straight man that won't date a transwoman should be de-platformed. AMA
I'm gay, ace, mentally unstable. AMA.
I’m a football fanatic and expert AMA
I'm a transgender woman in the UK. Also the secretary or my local crown green bowling club and captain of the Saturday team. AMA :)
I‘m a train conductor. Ask me anything
My family is very rich, AMA
I was born in 1984 in a communist country. AMA
I just had my first session with a psychologist
I’m 15 with Asperger syndrome. Others get confused because of my autism so I’m hoping to help others understand. AMA
Corona virus hit my state for the first time and it’s in my school district AMA
I am a Furry, AMA
I've been a pizza chef at Dominos for over 5 months. AMA
I probably have dyscalculia. AMA!
I discovered that I'm narcissistic (AMA)
I am asexual AMA
There is lot of misinformation about the RSS and Hindu Nationalism in west. Wanted to know your opinion on it. Also, 10 years into my service at the RSS, Ask Me Anything
Give me a 2 min pitch about your passion, then a quiz to know if i got it right. AMA
I'm a former motorcycle gang member ama
I just walked out on strike with the rest of the union crew on the movie we are working. AMA
Ive seen multiple people die and been through alot more ama
I shit in the toilets at American public school AMA
I made the United States with a cumshot. AMA
I have a single mother with a condition called PFFD... Ask me anything
I'm a 15 year old boy, ask me anything!
I’m a movie theater employee at one of the busiest theaters in my state. AMA
I was born without a sense of smell. Ask Me Anything
I am a sixty year old man who never got married ask me anything ?
HS gym/health teacher here. AMA!
I'm a 20y, m, brazilian, AMA
I used to work with plastic surgeons and the FDA to help butt injection patients undergo the necessary reconstructive surgery need to fix thier silicone and cement butt injections...
I was born dead, my time of death was pronounced on May 9, 1992 at 2:18am. AMA
I'm probably the oldest guy ever to attempt to build a new type of 'social network' app. And now while focusing on University of Washington and finally picking up a bit of momentum, the fxcking virus hits and might just grind us to a halt. AMA.
I am the son of a Japanese mother and a white father. I speak Japanese. AMA
My mom is a gold digger AMA
I'm 15 with autism, ADHD, anxiety and dysgraphia. AMA
I'm non-binary, AMA.
I was born the 06/06/2006. AMA
just broke off my nail... AMA
I suffer from Contamination OCD AMA
I work in a sex shop! Ask me anything!
I wash my underarmies every day! AMA
Ask me literally anything, then after I respond, edit what you said to make it my answer look fucked up. AMA.
Hi! My name is Anthony Michaels, season 7 winner of Paramount Pictures "INK MASTER" AMA
My name is jeff AMA!
I’m a doctor bored at work AMA
I am feeling empty and emotionally dead! AMA
I am from Norway. AMA
I’ve attempted suicide, ask me anything
So my Freshmen year of high school (last year) me and a friend made a meme account on Instagram and posted memes of teachers and the school. AMA
I live 5 minutes away from someone in hospital who has Coronavirus. AMA
My family are assassins,AMA
Former bank robber, ask me anything!
Exactly 1 year ago, I joined reddit. AMA
Been smoking for 10+ years....3 days ago i quit cold turkey! AMA!
I'm horny right now and would like to talk to a female
Security. What can they actually do? AMA.
I have autism and depression, ama.
I'm a mum of 4, I had my first at 15 years old AMA
I am a sexual assault survivor. Ask me anything.
I just got a 96% on a test for the first time this entire semester AMA
I’m recovering from an eating disorder, AMA
I am a uselesss person.Ask me anything
Finally made my first million on my own ama
I, a huge star wars fan, just learned that I missed Episode 9 in the cinema, AMA
I'm a child of a Karen and a younger sibling of a bullying brother. Ama
I'm the youngest (15 male) sibling of a god damn Karen. Ask me anything
Never got reddit reward ama. And i dont want one
I'm huge on travel. Ask me anything.
I am under Coronavirus lockdown, AMA
Ask me anything, but edit the question afterwards, so that my answer sounds offensive.
I’m from Ireland AMA
I was 25 years old when I realized my parents who I lived with for 18 years were in a loveless marriage. Since then I keep noticing all the ways my upbringing effected me. AMA
I was raised Pentecostal. AMA
I'm a teen facing depression and my mother doesn't believe me. I can't talk to people face to face about this, but I can type it out. AMA
I got a letter from my psychiatrist today saying she can no longer provide care for me. AMA!
Starting sec 1, ask me anything!
I have eleven toenails! AMA!
I should be in school but im on reddit taking a shit.
im bored at school. AMA.
I lived in Kenya till 2018 and moved to Canada. Ama
I spent 20 years working in Hollywood. AMA
17M with mild cerebral palsey wanting to compete in amateur boxing AMA
I dated a guy once who used UWU and was secretly a fury AMA
Ask me to ask you anything
I’m from Sweden. AMA
I'm a bored French cop
Six years ago, I was a 29 year old single mom of two who hooked up with another woman for the first time in my life. We are now married. AMA
depressed. russian. f. 21. ama.
I am (22 M) in a lond distance relationship with a (41 F), AMA
I am allergic to metal AMA
I'm a member of a DID system, AMA
My family is very rich, AMA
I had sex with my 2nd cousin, AMA
Don’t ask me anything
I nearly at the age of 3 died because of being dropped on a motorcycles exhaust and it burned my whole body. Ask me anything
F 29. I run a playschool in my home and breastfeed my neighbors' kids. AMA
I nearly died at the age of 3 because of being dropped on a motorcycle. Ask me anything.
I never want to have sex again. Ask me anything!
I am an 18 year old making 75k a year with no bills to pay. AMA.
I am a 18 year old thats making $75k a year with no bills, but am contemplating suicide. AMA
I'm A High Roller Gambaholic - AMA
I was born without 1 ball. Ask me anything! :)
I am a student in Lucerne, Switzerland under quarantine for 14 days because of the Corona Virus, AMA
Im the only white person in my city
I am a Japanese woman living and working in Tokyo Ama
I'm a Part-time hairstylist, Full-time pro Tekken player/Streamer. Probably the straightest hairstylist you know. AMA
Post Break up
I’ve been playing the bagpipe for 20 years. AMA.
I think this was posted to the wrong sub 😉
I'm a 20 year old from Canada ask me anything!!
I can do a lot of thing AMA
My [M 19] mother is a high school teacher and she qualifies to be 'that hot teacher'. My friends always used to make comments about her and tease me about it. AMA
My sister was born with a diaphragmatic hernia and was in a hospital for a year. AMA
I have never given a f*ck in my life, ask me anything
I am from Sweden. AMA
I live where the first death of Corona occured in the United States; AMA
I live in lebanon ask me anything
I am mentally and emotionally convincing myself that today is Friday! AMA!
I'm gay! Ask me anything!
Im a 17 year old dutch guy, ask me anything about anything!
I do not have parents. I am test-tubian. Ask me anything!
Contractor AMA
If you could join a battle royale, what victory dance would you do on the corpses of your enemies?
I am a serial cheater ask me anything
Cannabis AMA
I'm 17 and currently caught in the middle of Australias mass hysteria surrounding COVID19. AMA!
F 25 I was a former high school and college level volleyball player. AMA
I taught myself how to sing in 6 languages. AMA!
All Italians are in quaranteen, me included. AMA
I have 150+ IQ AMA
AMA and I will reply to everyone with 100% honesty no matter how embarrassing
[Serious]Im a 17/yo(ftm) former self harmer ASK ME ANYTHING
I live in Germany and will vote for the Social Democratic Party (SPD) in the next elections. AMA!
Online school is getting extended and the first day of school is March 29. Everyone in our class hates online schooling. Ama
I Got Kicked Out At 17 For Wanting To Be A Musician. Ask Me Anything!
I feel so shitty and i cant go to sleep ama
I was beaten to a pulp by a Sanders supporter AMA
I [F 23] used have sex with my younger brother [M 20] back in the days. AMA
AMA but then edit your reply to make mine offensive/inappropriate
I just got out of an in patient psych ward (mental institution). AMA.
AMA and when I answer, change the question to make me look bad.
I'm the grandchild of a former Deutsche Bahn Manager. AMA
I don’t have time for your nonsense. AMA
AMA and I will give you no answer.
Last night, I woke up every 30 minutes like clockwork. AMA.
I AM A MUSLIM INDIAN TEENAGER WHO LIVES OUTSIDE INDIA. ASK ME ANYTHING !!!
I have autism and depression, ama.
I Am a Muslim AMA
For the last 2,5 years I catch shoplifters, ask me anything.
I moved to Belgium at the age of 11
I’m in the middle of an all-nighter, AMA
Covid - 19
Dropped my phone on concrete and it has no cracks, AMA!
My school trip overseas just got cancelled because of the Coronavirus. AMA
I am from finland. AMA
i’m a pathological liar. AMA
Hi, I'm a "propaganda panda" Chinese student, ask me anything about the COVID-19!
i’m a (17f) who attends a shitty high school and has no idea what i’m doing in life. AMA
I'm staying home sick today. AMA
I’m a ex-cutter that fainted at the sight of blood but wracked up... on approximation 1500 stitches over 10 years and is now self harm free AMA
I am a polyamorous asexual with two partners who also have two and one other partners. AMA.
My father killed himself 4 months before I was born. Ask me anything.
I'm Sixteen, and moved out of my abusive/Neglectful parents, Diagnosed with PTSD, Anxiety, Depression &amp; ADHD all while taking a year out of Highschool as a "Homeschool student." AMA!!
I have 3 online Girlfriends from 3 different foreign countries AMA !
I have 3 online Girlfriends in from 3 different foreign countries AMA!
Got drunk at 11pm still drunk at a 7am. Ask me anything.
I think the American flag is ugly as fuck ama
I'm an Australian going through the toilet paper crisis. AMA
i am a 15yo boy who just got askt by a lesbian girl if i wanted to be her bf
I just got back from my first rave and am tripping on acid. AMA
I am the son of a Hong Kong billionaire, AMA!
I grew up in the Mormon church, AMA.
I'm a republican, ama
[serious] I’m a recovering alcoholic, and will be celebrating my first year of sobriety on March 30th. Ask me anything.
I’m a 15 year old girl from Australia, AMA
I’m a nurse in the time of corona. AMA
20 M from london,model
I'm a British Pakistani Muslim AMA
I'm an amateur writer, AMA
I just accidentally swallowed my own pube. AMA!
I LIVED IN A MUD HOUSE FOR 10 YEARS
I have a unamed disorder,AMA
I am a newly diagnosed CPTSD patient.
I’m a fursuiter, AMA
I am a 23yo German girl and work as a prostitute AMA
I'm an Indian teenager who lives in Delhi. AMA
I'm a Portuguese person who always forgets everything. And for the first time in 3 years I didn't forget my art portfolio. AMA.
I got to high school in the USA and graduate in 2 months. AMA
My mama so poor she opened a G-Mail account just so she can eat the spam
I was locked up in a mental institution for two weeks under involuntary psychiatric hold. AMA
I have a suspected autistic brother (6M) AMA
I’ve got Tourette’s Syndrome, ask me anything
I dont like cheese ama
Tomorrow will be my final of 5 days working at a zoo. AMA!
I recently turned 16 (28/2). AMA!
I don't really care or like the godfather AMA
I am scared right now.
Want to have an argument about any topic you want? Ready when you are.
I'm a finnish girl and there is nothing special about me. AMA
I am a ginger ama
Im ending my life in 2 hours Ask me anything
I live with chronic pain. AMA?
I don’t fear to death, AMA
I Write Spanking Stories, AMA
I'm the president of a student union AMA
Today I got my first award that isn't a silver, and also got my first time with Reddit premium. AMA
I (18f) work the night shift at a Subway by myself in a sketchy area of town, AMA
I’m a division 1 basketball player ama
I'M A MUSLIM AMA
I was arrested at age 14 and released 11 days later AMA
I was orphaned at 16- AMA
I fell in love and married another woman after dating only guys my entire life. AMA
I’m a 911 dispatcher who has very limited info on the Corona Virus. Ask me anything about the virus and I’ll give you the wrong answer.
My left nostril was 100% blocked for 10+ years of my life. I finally had a septoplasty a month ago. AMA
I never want to have sex again! Ask me anything.
Why should I give you platinum
Ask me a question and edit your question after to make it sound like a faulty inspirational quote
I use to answer phone calls for FedEx for a year. AMA
I am a licensed clinical psychologist. AMA!
I just got up for school. AMA
I've had countless paranormal encounters and have also lived in a very haunted house. AMA
I'm a furry, AMA
A kid in my high school has coronavirus AMA
AMA and I'll answer with a pun
I tried to commit suicide a month ago. Ask me anything.
I got into a fight with a special needs kid when I was young.AMA
I’m a Canadian air cadet. AMA
I make malware and herd botnets AMA
I'm a modern day moonshiner, Ask me anything
I have Tourette syndrome AMA
All of the schools in my district are closed for the next two weeks because of the Coronavirus/Corvin 19 outbreak in my state. Ask me anything.
I’m trying to get my mind off of relapsing (self harm) AMA
I am a Clone in the Grand Army of the Republic. AMA
I (21F) have never had a boyfriend or been on a date before. I’m also a virgin. AMA
I’m a full time chess addict. AMA
I've been locked onto a limited view of the internet and I can't download anything. AMA
I’m a low level multi-millionaire. My wife and I have been married 10 years and she doesn’t know. AMA
I'm very depressed AMA
I’m a female in college and my bday ends in 2 minutes ama
Hey! i’m good at answering questions in character (the edgy teen girl post was mine hehe), ask me anything and i’ll respond as a random celebrity/public figure of my choice ;) gl! AMA!
I'm easily offended ama.
got rejected from my dream uni, ama
(I am stealing this idea from u/licketylungs this is not my idea) I will probably not get your two truths and a lie correctly. ama
Redneck with ADHD and Asperger's ask me anything
I work at Chick-fil-A and do housekeeping in a retirement home on the weekends. Living the good life... AMA!
I just made the PERFECT bowl of Mac N Cheese. AMA
Im 16 and ive been disowned by my family AMA
I’m 6’5 and yes I do play basketball. AMA about my life
I taught myself three languages by the age of sixteen. AMA
Im 16 and homeless AMA
I'm a minority zoomer who voted for Joe Biden AMA?
AMA while I smoke the rest of my bud.
I nearly killed myself 1.5 years ago ama
I have a penis that is 96.97% thicker compared to all other men. AMA
I've been studying and monitoring the Corona outbreak for months. AMA about the virus
I'm a military recruiting scout - AMA!
Ask me really personal questions you never ask anyone!!!
I'm an Iraqi girl that lived in Baghdad until 2007. Ask me anything!
You're a fucking racist. AMA
I'm a Mexican who recently converted to Islam AMA
I, am a troll. Trolls are the heroes of the modern world. AMA
Six years ago, I was a recently divorced straight single mother of two. Now, I’m married to another woman with a total of five (soon to be six) children. AMA
I'm no one, I have no great talents and no wisdom at all. AMA
I work at a pet crematory. AMA
I am a highschool sophomore with good grades ama
I’m 5 and a know it all. AMA.
I'm hypoglycemic. AMA
Both of my parents were drug addicts growing up, and I haven’t seen my mom is 8 years and haven’t talked to my dad in two years, ask away
01001001 00100000 01110111 01101001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01110011 01110111 01100101 01110010 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01100010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 00101100 00100000 01000001 01001101 01000001
I acknowledge that abortion is ending a human life, ama
I don’t like Mexican food, AMA
Who needs 20 questions when you can have infinity questions! AMA
I gave my wife HIV which I contracted from a ladyboy on a boys trip in Thailand. AMA.
I want to get coronavirus ama
I am a COMPLETELY NORMAL young adult male (less than 21 to say the least). Ask me anything at all I don’t care (NSFW allowed, I’ll answer anything you want).
Just got home after my fourth surgery this year which makes my grand total 17 surgeries. Ama
Six years ago, I was a recently divorced straight single mother of two. Now, I’m married to another woman with a total of five (soon to be six) children. AMA
I've done the same career as my girlfriend for 3 years now. AMA
I just won bar trivia AMA
Kinda cool but sorta gay. AMA
I just yelled “BANANAS ARE ORANGES IN DISGUISE” at the top of my lungs in the living room while my family was watching TV, AMA
Puppy problems
I Reported My Brother for Sexual Assault/Abuse Yesterday. AMA.
I am the Music Professor... AMA
I’m in 8th grader that’s looks 22 ama!
I am a 22 y/o with Ulcerative colitis, which is like Chrons, but for some reason a lot of people haven’t heard of it
Im recovering depression and anxiety, and I'm ten months sober, AMA
Trying Indian food for the first time ama
My band is recording an album and it isn’t my turn to track something AMA
I am skipping University hazing rn AMA
20m loner, AMA
I live in Brampton, Canada. AMA
I have Autism AMA
Let’s boosts each others karma! Ama
18m and willing to answer anything 100% honest asked by an adult or fellow teens
I’ve become less productive I blame YouTube red or whatever they call it. AMA
International humanitarian worker here ~ AMA!
I'm bored. AMA
I don't believe in psychiatry, AMA
Ask me questions to answer on my bus to school tomorrow
I’m a domestic violence survivor and I’ve been out of the marriage for 6 month... AMA
26F I'm a submissive in a lesbian BDSM relationship
I am a quadriplegic, AMA
I'm a bisexual dude in the Midwest AMA
I am dead. AMA
I enjoy having body parasites and go out of my way to get them. AMA!
My phones almost dead and I have no charger. AMA
Can’t Smell AMA
I live in a socialist democracy (anti bias)
I have to take care of a RealCare Baby (a.k.a. baby think it over) for a week, AMA
I'm an open book. AMA!
I’m bored ama
Currently having a mental breakdown at 2am, AMA!
I have Coronavirus. AMA!
I am Drunk.... and Bored.... AMA...
I used to be a slow learner, now I am a top of my class, straight A high school student, who is also enrolled in college as well. AMA.
I've just been electrically shocked AMA
I’m a living breathing firetruck. AMA
(Serious) I survived an abusive marriage. AMA.
I’m addicted to porn AMA
I’m a 25 year old girl. Last year, my 10 year old brother moved in with me.
My grandfather was in the Nazi SS.... AMA
I use to be a music industry groupie. Ask me anything.
I just drank water, AMA
I am a furry, AMA
I am 30 year old FTM (trans guy) and willing to answer any questions you are too afraid to ask trans people or just any question in general
Corona Virus in town AMA
I'm a professional actor in musical theatre. AMA
I am an owner of a discord server. Ask me anything
I had a mental breakdown at my cousin’s wedding and hid near the bathroom of the hall AMA.
I am in the process of passing a kidney stone and it is the worst experience of my life. AMA!
Whataburger is better than In N Out. AMA
I’m procrastinating insanely hard on a genetics paper right now AMA
I'm in a great mood. The Bernie Bros over at r/politics and that fat ass Cenk McFat are totally losing their shit. It's epic. It's biblical. Full on rending of garments and gnashing of teeth. The Revolution is over. Marxtards lose again. It's so fucking funny. I am so happy right now. AMA
I live in Cookeville, TN, we currently have 18 confirmed deaths from the tornado. AMA
I have an essay due in a week that I haven’t even begun to write and am procrastinating so AMA
I am nobody. Ask me anything.
It’s my birthday today AMA
Throwing an orgy before the corona gets us AMA
I’m planning to sell adveel, a new pill by humans for humans.
A grown man bit me out of anger. AMA
I live in a town in the UK where there has been a confirmed case of Coronavirus. AMA
Give me any situation and I’ll try to some how make it positive
We’re a small nonprofit based out of New Orleans that implemented an entire citywide glass recycling initiative after the local government failed to implement one. We use the recycled glass and convert it into sand that’s used for coastal restoration and disaster relief. Ask us anything!
I have already responded to your questions, AMA
gf dumped me then got tiktok famous ama
I work at McDonald’s. AMA
I’m a Paramedic AMA
I’m a guy with low level Asperger’s. AMA
Any time I hear EDM music, it makes me think of an entire rpg based around it. Ama
My parents have corona. Ask me anything.
I have almost no memories of my childhood (age 0-10). AMA
Just argued with someone on here if a man sucking a penis is considered gay, I say yay, AMA
I’m a 25 year old girl. Last year, my little brother moved in with me. AMA!
I’m a fly fishing guide, AMA
My brothers are more talented than me. AMA
I might have Coronavirus. AMA
I’m the one who everyone in the friend group thinks is gay,Ask me anything.
Just bit my tongue AMA
I am a full time Personal Banker during the day and full time student in the evenings going after my Bachelors in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance. AMA!
I turn 18 in 45 minutes. AMA
I just witnessed a man get beat up with a mettle bar by 4 other men, while I was relaxing on a beach. AMA
I'm Mike Bloomberg. AMA!
IAMA mover by profession for half a decade, AMA
As a New Yorker that witnessed 9/11, I decided to join the Coast Guard to help with relief. The boatlift is something that helped catapult me into a mission of humanitarian aid. AMA...
I’m a guy and I lost my virginity when I was 11 years old, and it wasn’t rape. AMA.
I’m writing a sci-fi book while trying to graduate college. AMA
I understand how God came to be and what God is composed of, what existed prior to the big bang, the cause of the big bang, and what will exist after time ceases. I also understand the nature of the human soul and how the human soul is and will be judged. AMA.
My gf and I are in home quarantine for possible COVID-19. AMA
I like giving people cool/wholesome nicknames and compliments AMA
Guy that took my first kiss has no feelings for me and I was just a rebound. AMA.
im 13 and have cut myself numerous times. AMA
Guy that took my first kiss has no feelings for me and I was just a rebound. AMA.
I’m a millennial who grew up in poverty and worked very hard to buy a house when I was 21. Maybe my experience can help someone else? AMA
I need a boyfriend after being screwed over by someone I really liked AMA
I’m 14 and a trans guy, trying to get on testosterone within the next few months. AMA
I am a other worldly researcher hired by the government to study old and abandoned buildings and areas for signs of out of this world creatures. AMA
Giving out free advice, AMA
I haven't had a free month of work since 16years old (max was 2,5 weeks off) AMA
I'm a Jehovah's witness. Ask me anything
My height is 190cm (6.2336 feet) in 17 yo, ama
Guy that took my first kiss has no feelings for me and I was just a rebound. AMA.
I’m from Wales. AMA
My crush just rejected me coldly AMA
I have 2 different personalities AMA
I’m a teenager AMA
I didn't follow the US vaccination schedule for my children AMA.
I'm a 4th year at a respected University, AMA!
I just got a new car AMA!
My 'friends' left me Freshman year of HS because my ex-girlfriend told a 'joke' that I raped her. Then my best friend started dating her. AMA!
I am a bisexual boy crushing on a male homophobia. AMA!
I’m super-aware of people touching their faces and coughing, have been for many years, AMA
My mom was a 4th generation missionary and chose to raise me in America. The rest of my very white Christian family was raised in South America and Mexico and some still live there to this day. AMA
I can’t answer this question and need help:Why does every Jesus statue give him a swimmer’s body and an 8-pack. AMA abt this confusion
AMA but I respond to everything as optimistically as possible
I think I'm good at 2 truths and a lie, AMA
Question for stand up comedians?
I am an average looking guy who had threesomes in high school, college and with two co-workers after I graduated. Ask me anything.
I'm a open practicing satanist
I have an extra small muscle in my ankle which means I have one more muscle than most humans, and the doctor found it weird, and no one knows what it’s used for including me. AMA
I’ve attempted suicide, ask me anything
I am an average looking guy who has threesomes in high school, college and with two co-workers after I graduated. Ask me anything.
I kicked a member of the LGBTQ community square in the buttocks today after getting off of a train this morning. AMA.
I'm convinced that the Ukrainians and Russians rigged US polling stations in Joe Biden's favor last night due to being scared of Bernie Sanders (the only one with power to beat Trump). AMA!
My family is very rich! AMA
I got sent home from Italy after one week of studying abroad because of the coronavirus. I’m currently supposed to be practicing “self isolation.” AMA
I have had to cover numerous events for every Presidential candidate and I am tired of politics! AMA
I have depression AMA
I have sexed 0 times, AMA.
I'm a performer in a traveling circus ~ AMA!
I’m bored waiting on an oil change, AMA!
Male. Does anyone wanna sext?
i feel like i’m forgetting everything, AMA
I’m a 19 year old from South Africa. Just a normal guy. AMA
Six months ago I named my son Covid. AMA
I'm doing a PowerPoint presentation rn, AMA
I moved 17 hours away from home to be able to study in acting in a province that isn't my main language (french to english) AMA
I’m a random person looking through Reddit while im playing video games. AMA!
(19F) I’m a bisexual atheist who holds a majority of conservative beliefs. AMA!
I’m a marine biologist AMA
I’m a young conservative republican, whose parents are democrats, AMA!
I am the pickiest eater you will ever meet. AMA
I’m a Monetized Youtuber And Will Answer Any Questions you Have!
I live in a town in the middle of nowhere with a population of 200 people. AMA
I exist, ask me anything
Im a guy form the south(USA) AMA
Only one relationship
I am a former special education student ama.
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I was diagnosed w/ Dissociative identity disorder AmA
I got taken by the government. Ama
1st grader in an art school. Ask me anything.
I moved to a new city hoping to start a business from the ground up and AMA
I died in my sleep in 2015, brought back to life and was in coma. AMA
Im 15, my family is very rich, AMA
15hr ferry trip ask me anything
I am a 22 year old with bipolar disorder. AMA!
I am a 22 year old student with bipolar disorder. AMA!
I know Victoria's secret ama
I’m an 18 year old with alopecia areata (Autoimmune Disease). AMA
Ask me anything ama
I know more aboit paleontology than the average person AMA
I'm a very curious person AMA
When talking to children I think that the word 'underarmies' should be used instead of the word armpits. AMA
I’m writing a book about achieving happiness AMA
I’m a homeless second-year college student majoring in psychology. AMA.
I'm in a great mood. The Bernie Bros are having what you would call a very bad day. It's totally biblical. Full on rending of garments and gnashing of teeth mode. I think sombody's going to have to call the waaambulance. AMA
My neighbours are singing really loudly, ama
I’m in an open relationship, ask me anything
I have Multiple Personality Disorder AMA
Depressed to the max, living life in bed
I am bored af so ama
I just turned 11 but I shake ass to the Babadook soundtrack AMA
I'm a massive Harry Potter fan ama
If your going to basic training as a cav scout soon at fort benning and have questions about it I can help
The power at my school has been out for almost 30 minutes now, ama
I am a married mother of three children and a puppy, and am suffering from severe depression and anxiety. AMA
I have never had an headache AMA
I Am A Former Armed Guard For The Military Research Base, Area 51. AMA
I cant dream, AMA
We are Noodlecake, indie game developer behind the Super Stickman Golf series, as well as indie publisher to the stars! AMA
I suffered from mental abuse - AMA
I am a dragon AMA
I helped my church for a year with exorcism and have myself been delivered of demons AMA
I Got shot at lacrosse practice a couple of days ago by some guys trying to hit a car. AMA
I am Thallassophobic AMA
I'm a 22 year old woodworker/carpenter from Hungary, AMA!
Im in class, bored as fk AMA
Im on classe, bored as fk AMA
I'm an aromantic AMA
I am a native Basque speaker, one of the oldest and biggest isolate languages in the world. AMA!
I am a 23 year old guy who loves to play with his ass. Pics inside
I have 46 user contributions on Wikipedia AMA.
i'm a Muslim ask me anything
I’m trans, AMA
I'm currently in quarantine for corona virus in a country that has almost no cases, ask me anything
I'm a former furry AMA
I live in Italy and just found out, that all schools across the country will be closed for the next 2 weeks. Ama
I’ve tried to kill myself a handful of times, ask me anything
I hacked my schools grading system with proof AMA
I am a 24 year old American Atheist who doesn't hate religious people AMA
I'm a gay guy ama
I'm a Muslim ask me anything.
I was diagnosed with HIV at 9 months old
I Successfully peed in a dream w out doing it irl, ama
I can covert anything dark you ask into a happy theme. AMA
I did not vote for Bernie Sanders. AMA.
I am 40 year old woman. AMA
Hey Reddit im switching to GEICO AMA
Im under a brigde where youre not allowed to be cuz im bored af AMA
I am a Bulgarian bloke studying in the Netherlands AMA
Im an ex drugdealer(27m) and the police stopped me today to ask about one customer(23f) that has HIV... AMA
F 33 I am a busty high school teacher. Pics inside.
I have never gotten a brain freeze. AMA
I have heavy depression and because of this reddit I've done the breakfast again + took pictures of it + did a tutorial on how to do it so you can use / send to someone with depression somewhere. Ask me anything. (part 2)
Ask me any thing you wish, and edit this after to make me a sociopath.
Im in Self Isolation AMA
I recovered from severe OCD. AMA.
(27m) Happily married with two kids. AMA.
I’m a teenager with workaholic millionaire parents. AMA
Man with Tourette Syndrome with 2 of my kids inheriting it from me (the swearing kind) AMA
I am an Indian woman who is into hotwife life style with my husband's permission. AMA
I have achieved peek unfunny ama
I don't think veterans should be respected. AMA
I don't think veterans should be respected. AMA
I was diagnosed with psychosis but managed to escape it. AMA
17 and Running away from home to another country AMA
I am a white person living in South Africa AMA
I [F 35] am a woman who is having an incestuous sex with my sister's son [M 19] (nephew).
I have cognitive decline ask me anything while you can
I'm voting for trump this november, ama
I am 20 and got married at 19 AMA
i’m bored, ama
(F 26). I am pregnant with my father-in-law's (M 53) child. I am keeping it and my husband (M 27) is aware of it.
I'm a survivor with an extensive sexual assault, grooming, abuse and bullying history. AMA
i just read sonic x shadow smut. AMA
I am right now in class, AMA
I [M 23] am a guy can perform auto-fellatio.
My teacher is a freak proponent of conspiracy theories, ama
I am a Hotel Auditor. AMA
I am a 21 year old Finnish dude serving in the finnish military as a elecktronic repair corpral. AMA
I run a successful online female underwear shop in Latin America AMA
I’m autistic and mentally ill, also just really bored. AMA
I think I am the most humane drug dealer. Ask me anything.
I believe the earth is a sphere! AMA!
I'm doug dimmadome, AMA
I'm one of the youths who have gotten into the vaping trend. Ask me anything
I am the basic popular unpopular kid. Nobody’s first choice to hangout with but friends with mostly everyone although I’m not sure they like me. AMA
I'm a care support worker in the hospital, Ask me anything
I'm aro/ace and about to move back in with my 'conservative' family. AMA.
I am a teenager(14). I lost my mom to blood cancer AMA
2 teachers in my school are proponents of conspiracy theories, ama
Im at school AMA
I’ve got 87 karma points after 5 days AMA
Just made a new account after deleting my last. AMA
I was bullied at school, ask me anything.
I am alive Ask Me Anything.
Im an old man. And I can answer anything you ask with a grain of salt. AMA
I live in California at one of the worst times in history to live in California. AMA
I am a human living in a third world country, AMA
I’m a 16 year old bi girl from India. AMA
I am into Omorashi (the fetish for me or someone else having or failing to hold a full bladder) AMA
My penis is huge
I'm God and trying to kill you. AMA.
I am a ex druggy who almost ruined my life AMA
I'm from Iran, Coronavirus is reported all over the country, hospitals are full. AMA
I have a racist friend in high school and I don’t know what to do AMA
My heart rate is 47 now. AMA.
I ran away as a teenager, AMA
I'm overthinking rn. AMA.
the police have every right to shoot black people if they dont follow instructions
I moved in with my BF AMA
I am bored 90% of the time. AMA
I'm some random dude, AMA
I'm unable to function normally due to how much I hate Americans, AMA
I am schoolboy from Russia, Moscow, AMA
Started new job this week after being made redundant and being out of work for a few months. AMA
I have one ear, AMA!
Shaved my pubes for the first time today without anyone telling me how AMA
lgbt people are going to hell
I am diagnosed with depression, anxiety, autism and ADHD
I am alive AMA
I'm a disappointment. AMA
Today I verbally berated a co worker until she cried, ama
My dad owns a multi billionaire car company. AMA
Im completely and untterly confused with my sexuality. AMA
I’m bored and want to talk to someone about music but anything’s cool really. AMA!
I’m team fortress 2 WIKI Admin. AMA
I'm nearly 35 and had no idea I'd be around to see it. I'm confident that I am the worst person you're likely to meet. AMA!
AMA like literally just any random questions, I am lonely
I need 4 more karma to get 33k karma. AMA
I have written around a hundred pages on mathematics topics in the forms of three essays. I just turned 18 and studies IB. AMA
I'm on an international survival race team. AmA!
I'm an girl. AMA.
A school in a town 30 minutes away from me has shut down because of the Coronavirus, ask me anything :)
I used to have a second personality that wanted to kill someone AMA
11 today, shaking ass to Kristen Stewart AMA
I’m a new furry, I love everything about the lifestyle, ask me anything
I was a prostitute in Chicago. AMA.
I’m a beautiful white man with very big poop AMA
Im 6’3 and 14 ama...
I voted for Trump in 2016 and voted for Bernie today. AMA
I am a furry, ask me anything
Make me laugh AMA
I am studying 4 units at University and excelling at them while dealing with Clinical Depression, Borderline Personality Disorder, Bi Polar Type 2, Severe PTSD, and severe anxiety disorder. AMA
I went to a school where the kids did drugs, fought every day and a girl got raped by a teacher. AMA
Im a college student in korea and semester got postponed for 2 weeks. Plus its been a week for staying at home except going out for grocery. AMA
I am a Teenage Drug Addict in recovery! AMA
I almost married a man (25) who sent me (18) into an eating disorder and body dysmorphia ama
My porn throwaway account has more points than my main, AMA
AMA
My 5 year old sister has had 9 brain surgeries since birth AMA
Unrequited feelings for a close friend I cannot pursue. AMA!
I have sever OCD but still manage to leave the house! AMA about my cleaning habitats!
I'm sexually frustrated. AMA.
I saw Scarlett Johansson tear her script on a 747. AMA.
im a growing youtuber 7k subs AmA!
I’m high AMA
I was a victim of a same sex abusive relationship. AMA.
My first girlfriend committed suicide on her birthday, AMA.
My dad is that uncle who will find any excuse to talk about politics, AMA
I am not the FBI. Ask me anything
After I broke up with my ex I’ve hooked up with more than 20 girls in the past 8 months ask me anything.
I have attempted suicide 9 times, AMA
I have been addicted to Reddit for 40 days AMA
I just tripped on psychedelic mushrooms. AMA!
I'm a Biden supporter, ask me anything
I watch too much Yaoi, AMA.
My 9-year-old did the Hoochie coochie in front of company today AMA
Tonight I almost died (I think) AMA
I’m flying to Australia during summer break to fight a kangaroo AMA
I am a 20 year old female recovering from online grooming and sexual abuse from age 12. I was supposed to meet my abuser in April but he bailed once he learned I knew his true identity. AMA
I’m a transgender non-binary demiboy. AMA.
I have a weird photographic memory. Ask Me Anything
My dog is a picky eater, ama.
Just hit 10,000 Karma AMA
Just filed the paperwork to get divorced!!! AMA 😁
My mum believes the corona virus is a “big conspiracy” AMA
Results from Flat Earth weather balloon launch, 2/27/20. AMA. :(
I work at Olive Garden as a Server AMA
I don’t want to answer your questions. AMA
I work at a cafe that sells Starbucks products and often make the recipes at home to save money. Ask me anything.
It's the year 2036, the president is named Karen, there are 79203 genders, and I'm the last surviving white male. AMA.
IAmA...5th Year Apprentice in IBEW L.U. 613 who is 30 days away from earning my JW ticket, AMA.
Today I had the famous SZECHUAN sauce AMA
I live In Wisconsin ama
I'm fixing to poop. AMA
I teach at a title 1 school pK-8 school. This year students have brought: shank, fireworks, and a bottle of liquor to school. AMA!
I’m a resident of the area hit by the tornado in Tennessee on 3.3.2020
I am a diagnosed bulimic - ASK ME ANYTHING
I’m the gay, disabled son of (previously) undocumented Mexican immigrants...and I’m a Republican. AMA
I go to a rich public school with around 1,500 people overall. AMA.
I shake my ass to Scarlett Johansson films but I forgot to let her recent film play. AMA.
I am an Asian American and I have only ever been directly oppressed and ridiculed by people of color. AMA
I'm a 16 year old Brazilian (M) Immigrant fluent in Portuguese, Spanish and English
I just found out that I was used as a rebound girl. AMA.
I went two days with a broken arm, AMA
Just acquired old vinyls from my SOs father. AMA.
I’ve been free from a mentally abusive and manipulative relationships for a year, AMA!
I once walked past two police stations in broad daylight while drinking a bottle of alcohol - AMA
I have DID (dissociative identity disorder) AMA!
My flight was delayed 3 hours and there’s still 2 hours to go. AMA!
I'm schizophrenic, bisexual, genderfluid (assigned female at birth) and have ADHD! AMA!
I'd like to share my knowledge
PRETTY AND POLY
I was 9 when I had a AVM! (brain surgery) AMA!
AMA but, ask me a question and when I reply edit the question to make me look like a terrible person
I'm an heavily introverted &amp; conflict adverse Jehovah's Witnesses with severe social anxiety- AMA
I’m insomniac and am going to try really hard to go to sleep now. AMA
I have 21 karma. AMA
I just got out the hospital after ingesting liquid acid unknowingly and taking every single pill in my house
Starting my first real job tomorrow, AMA!
I am a pro Minecrafter, Ask me anything.
Son of a billionaire AMA
I work at an Amazon warehouse (4yrs) and have been trained in intermediate positions. AMA
I had a threesome with my GF at the time and my now wife. AMA
I'm dating a pornstar, ama
As a teenager I ran a million dollar plus subscriber Tumblr blog with the aim of talking people out of suicide via text or video chat by creating a support network. AMA.
I love in Ohio, work in Indiana, have two kids, married, and an bored on my day off. AMA!
AMA but I give a pessimistic answer to everything
I'ma burn victim. AM(Almost)A
I'm quarantined for COVID-19 and I'm a rural student-teacher, AMA!
My girlfriend of 5 &amp; 1/2 years left me 4-5 weeks ago and my emotions have been up and down like a yo-yo since... AMA
I'm an Asexual accused of rape.
I’m [18M] taking two girls [18F/18F] to prom, AMA
I have social anxiety, ask me anything
I am an American high school student living in Tokyo. My school is canceled until at least March 30 due to coronavirus concerns. AMA
I think I'm entirely socially inept and genuinely don't know what to think about a date last night. AMA
Any engineers/people working in a technical field willing to do a simple online interview for a student?
I am a kid with ADHD and depression AMA
I'm an ER xray tech in the US, working the frontlines against coronavirus in a city with many confirmed cases. What I'm seeing is horrifying, hospitals are not doing their part to contain this. AMA.
I'm an African American in his mid-20s who lived in South Korea for two years. Ask me anything!
There is a big controversy at my school AMA
I am a Black American Female. Ask me anything
I am a grown man who drinks chocolate milk with dinner AMA
My dad is 85 and I am only 24, AMA
I am a private investigator. AMA
My dad is 85 and I am only 24, AMA
[REQUEST] Someone who has the Corona virus
walking home at midnight in a rough area
I just found out that I was used as a rebound. AMA.
Ive spied on my sister while she was showering around 12 times, AMA
Ive lost 100 lbs in the past 9 months AMA
Just learned that my best friend since middle school killed himself
It’s pronounced “Auntie” (awn-tee) not “Auntie” (an-tee). I’m right. AMA
It's my birthday today! 🎂 AMA
I AM AN ALIEN FROM PLANET NEPTUNE, AMA
I'm a Gay Japanese-Iranian Christian Pastor's son. AMA
I'm licensed to grow marijuana. I do it for a living, and teach cannabis cultivator licensing classes. AMA!
I've gone two and a half weeks without watching Gotti (2018), AMA
I live in a home that i’m 99.9999% sure is haunted. Ask me anything
I workout like Saitama (100 pushups, 100 setups, 100 squats, 10km run) AMA
I am a completely mentally stable guy with no mental illness living in a big city. I am not depressed or anxious, and happiness is no secret. AMA!
I've always been turned on by those 'brutal' rapes you'd hear about in the news and always felt jealous that I wasn't the recipient and I figured out why,today. I started therapy a while ago and found out I was molested when I was little and that's got me even more riled up,sexually. AMA.
I'm in a hostel room and the girl here just told me she came back from Milan. AMA
On the night of my 21st birthday, I played pool with Robert Smith (frontman for The Cure). They were playing a secret show in Deep Ellum (Dallas). Not a huge fan of their music, but AMA.
I have MDD, PTSD, GAD, BPD, and ADHD.. AMA
I’m a college freshman and heavily procrastinating. AMA!
I am a depressed bastard who makes dice with their free time, AMA
I’m a CA Poll Worker for the primaries. AMA
I had a rare brain disease and was paralyzed for 2 months after brain surgery, AMA!
I am trapped within a Chips Ahoy cookie AMA.
My mom believes vaccines cause autism but isn’t anti-vax, AMA!
I have been feeling completely melancholy/blue/hollow for the last few days. AMA.
I'm bored at work and have nothing to do, AMA
Just had a radical prostatectomy, ask me anything.
I've done a multitude of psychedelics, ask me anything
Today is my birthday AMA
I can answer all of your forbidden and cursed questions ama
I’m a female that lived in a fraternity house for two years AMA
I have synesthesia
I have coronavirus. AMA.
The only reason my family hasn’t disowned me is because they think they can control their “only” son AMA
I don't believe in any religion nor the big bang
Today was a good day
Im have Split personality disorder
I’m the Co-Founder and C.E.O of a new start up...AMA!
Currently taking a shit in the woods AMA
I’m bored and I don’t have anything to put here since I’m a boring person, but I want something to do, so AMA.
Just Learned the COVD-19 Virus is in My State and 3-6 People have Died in less than two days, AMA
I met my husband when I was 16. We’ve been together for twelve years, married for five. AMA.
I have OLP synesthesia. AMA!
i have met a flat earther. AMA
I lost my virginity to a hooker, AMA :)
My neighbor was recently arrested for terror threats. AMA
I am an ex drug dealer, AMA
Today is my birthday and none of my friends and family members wish me yet except my stoner friend who came and wish me with a bong now we're both high AMA.
My family is very rich, AMA
I'm a former political consultant. AMA
I was raised a conservative Republican, turned libertarian in my 20s and now I'm prepared to vote Democrat for the first time in my life AMA
I am a white male. AMA.
I am an actor attending film school. AMA
Recent Graduates of High School or College
I've eaten one lays potato chip and was Content with just one AMA!!!
I have this AMA post that got 1.1k upvotes because I make a funny joke about not doing anything AMA
I usually keep my phone battery below 30% because I'm too lazy to charge it up and do it only when I really need it (around 5% battery) for like 20min AMA
Foster Kids Who Aged Out
I’m lead general service at a retail tire and oil shop, AMA
I’ve saved my Dad from suicide. AMA
Jjjj
just won a poop standoff with the person in the stall next to me. took 7 minutes. ama
I think we should all talk about the 'personal smells' that we produce 😊 AMA
I’m one of the girls in the “horny singles near you!” Ads. AMA
I’m a cosplayer since I was thirteen and in the last two months I got a lot better at it, AMA!
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I had a threesome with my gf at the time and my now wife. Ask me Anything
My family is very rich, AMA
I specialize in legal entities but shake ass to Scarlett Johansson AMA
I own 11 guns, all legally. AMA
Today, a Student in my school had a gun And law enforcement searched for him for hours. He was arrested. AMA
My mother passed away when I was five AMA
im bored ama
My mother passes away when I was five. AMA
I think someone sent me and my friend a game or something?
I'm a 32 years old man recently diagnosed with COVID-19 (Corona Virus), AMA
I am the Avatar. AMA!
im a hybristophiliac. AMA.
My parents are rich, AMA
I am the daughter of an American billionare, AMA
I played basketball for the last year
I am a "furry hater" AMA.
I am a furry hater, AMA.
I used to be a Tik Tok user, but i have long since repented of my sins, AMA
Me and my bf have a 12 year age gap! AMA!
I'm allergic to sunlight, ask me what you want!
I'm a schizophrenic, AMA
I'm a NEET AMA
I was in a induced coma twice, AMA
I’m voting today for the first time as a U.S. citizen. AMA
im 14 and have a 4.2 GPA AMA
I am in 7th period and I have to piss AMA
I'm 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿Scottish🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 AMA
I'm Brazilian. AMA.
I am lonely, AMA.
I am in area 51 ama
I am a psychic. I can tell you anything. You know there’s something you want to ask. I can answer it all
Attempting to Learn Spanish AMA
I’m 18 and not voting today ama
I am in area 51 ama
I am a high functioning sociopath AMA!
I dropped out of school age 14 to live in Greece with my family. AMA.
I am gay ama
I think I just fell in love for the first time, I'm 29 male and gay. AMA
I’m a beer delivery guy. AMA
I am at work for hour and a half, AMA
I am a furry ama
(redacted) ama
I have an abusive mom. AMA.
I'm allergic to sublight, ask me what you want!
Got my first root canal done. AMA
I'm a gemini that tends to have personality changes. AMA
I used to work at Sephora.. AMA!
Bored? Looking for a good movie? AMA About what to watch and I’ll give a perfect answer.
I have watched an absurd amount of YouTube, give me a request for something entertaining and I’ll find it.
I’m diagnosed with sadistic personality disorder, AMA!
I have heavy depression and I was able to make my own breakfast today. Ask me anything.
What laws would you like to change or propose?
I dont have coronavirus AMA
Im at school.AMA
I know who Joe is AMA
I've been diagnosed with Borderline personality disorder and Schizoid personality disorder 1 year ago. AMA
My friends tell me I’m really slutty for an Indian girl. AMA
I'm trying to not text my ex with whom I split 4 weeks ago today and she said she needs some space. AMA.
Two deadly tornadoes hit Nashville where I live.
I'm just bored, AMA
No one is interested probably, but in a week I’m writing third stage of chemistry competition plus I have my birthday the same day.
Recommended qualification/course to take, for a new career in IT &amp; Networking: UK.
i live amongst three alpha males AMA
I scored a 9 on the Aces test. Ama.
Omae wa no shinderiu ama
I’m a U.S. Army Ranger. AMA
I’m a U.S. Army Ranger, ask me anything.
Divers of Reddit what was the coolest thing you seen or that happened to you
I am an alien who lived amongst you for a long time, I have started the culling DEC 18 as per my instructions AMA
I have BPD AMA.
I will have a negative attitude no matter what positive fact, support, or entertainment you give me.
I just hijacked my girlfriends reddit account. AMA
My country has some of the weirdest news ever. AMA
acepenterbig42 does Windows experiments, AMA
[F41] and I bounce that thing to Scarjo. AMA
I'm feeling down for what seems like no reason and need a distraction AMA
I just ended a 12 year long relationship AMA
I'm in class trying to waste 40 minutes so I can leave. AMA.
I've seen 5 people die in front of me, AMA
I am satan ama
Im in mt. Juliet TN. A town that was in the direct path of the Nashville tornado last night. AMA.
I can immediately spontaneously orgasm any time I want to. AMA.
I am darth plaguies the wise ama
I have glasses, im fat and I am 6'6 AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I have 69 Karma. AMA
I'm Latina, ask me anything.
Im the quiet kid in the back of the class, AMA
Ive finally accepted my sexuality, Ask me anything
I'm a Greenhouse Manager &amp; Houseplant Expert, AMA
Ask me anything, but edit your comment so my reply will be offensive
I am emperor palpatine ama
I'm a Mom, ask me anything.
I have gotten happy endings at massages before. AMA
My father passed away, leaving virtually nothing to his widow, and a large inheritance to me, my siblings, and my mother, his ex wife. AMA
I worked on 2 satellites before turning 18 AMA
Wanna talk about my crush AMA
Instead of telling people I don’t know where they need to go I give them completely random directions
Guess my name, it begins with a H
ask me anything fr
Im an Ex drug dealer who got shot in the face, shoulder, and back. Ask me anything!
I can solve a Rubik's cube in under a minute. AMA
I can go a whole day without saying a word. AMA
Tell me an attraction in the U.S., and I will tell you what city it is in, whether it is the Empire State Building, Denali, or Old Faithful. AMA!
I'm a Canadian who lives near by and has been around the Canadian side of the Rocky Mountains all my life and have been in outdoor programs all my life. AMA.
I worked for a charity that was actually a scam. My boss is now in prison for it. AMA
I Lucid Dream every time I dream... AMA!
I have Autism. AMA
Im a fine dining server, known for my sales abilities, working at a restaurant chain known for its high end steak, seafood, wine, scotch, cognac, etc. AMA
I'm creating TY the Tasmanian Tiger: Ripper!, a community based fan comic based on the TY the Tasmanian Tiger video game series! Come AMA!
I'm a fine dining server, known for my sales abilities, working at a restaurant known for high end steak, seafood, wine, scotch, cognac, etc. Ask me anything!
AMA but you change your question so that my response is highly offensive
AMA but whatever you change your question so that my answer is highly offensive
I'm 28 years old and still live with my parents. AMA
I’m an 18-year-old with autism and perfect pitch. AMA!
AMA, Then edit your comment to make me look like a psychopath.
I'm all alone by choice. AMA!
I am the new virus traveling across the globe. Ask me anything!
I put the bop in the bop she bop she bop AMA!
I’m a student at the only Catholic All Girls School in my country (not America). AMA
To the DayZ Xbox players
20 year old female who suffers with paranoid delusions. AMA!
24 year old female from Australia &amp; can’t sleep - ask away :)
Im a student from Spain AMA.
I just like answering questions AMA
I’ve officially spent 1 year on Reddit. AMA!
If You Can Guess My Name, I'll Delete My Account; Starts with L
I am 21 Male and will commit Suicide on Friday by Jumping from 15TH floor or consuming Rat Poison. AMA
I play both PS4 and Xbox one AMA
I live 10 miles away from a corona patient. AMA
I shit myself AMA
My Dad is a Mafia Boss, AMA
What Name pisses you off when you hear it?
I am going to sleep. AMA ( When I wake up I will answer some questions)
Fuck the dog shitters. I say a new law: Death penalty for dog shitters. Anybody that lets their dog shit on the sidewalk should be publicly executed. AMA
I am at work AMA
Im an emt and about to become a paramedic on an extreme emergency ambulance. AMA
[SERIOUS] effed up adult left home due to f*cked up family, AMA
12 year old kid with marfans,5'7 tall. AMA
If anyone guesses my name, I’ll delete my account.
I’m on a loud school bus AMA
I'm sick and bored. AMA!
If anyone guesses my name, I’ll delete my account.
I haven't worn underwear in 9 months, AMA
If anyone guesses my name, I’ll delete my account.
I have about 20 minutes before class and im bored so AMA
I farm fetuses for a living, AMA
I am a high school student with an exam tomorrow, and I just spent the whole day listening to the entire Beatles discography. AMA
My 14 month old Airedale Terrier is having a hip replacement done today at Ohio State. AMA.
I'm not at home, it's raining, everyone is too busy to hang out, almost broke and I can't (don't want to) come home for another 4-5 hours because my bro is fucking his gf... AMA
I am a former video game addict. AMA.
I'm one of the few people who's owned a Windows phone, AMA
I attempted suicide in 2016 and want the finish the job this year. AMA.
I earn more than my husband &amp; I am a black working mother AMA
My country has almost 200 cases of COVID-19
I’m a little less than an hour early to my mandatory court appearance for speeding at 108 mph AMA!
Anesthesia, surgery, now awake and ready to answer all questions. I will answer every question to the best of my knowledge. AMA.
On average I have made my mother cry 1.23 times a year from 2007-present ama
I get so ignored that no one even listens to me in a quiet room of people, AMA
I get ignored even in a quietly room with people in it, AMA
I'm from Yemen AMA :)
I've been in a long distance relationship for 5 years AMA
My cock has got the Coronavirus and has developed testicular pneumonia AMA
I only joined Reddit 9 days ago and already have 19k karma, AMA.
I created the worlds first anti feminist crayons, AMA
Coronavirus update
IamA nudist resort employee during summer AMA
I failed my bikers license test today!AMA
Im a lesbian who dated a man for 4 years. AMA
Its my very first cake day, AMA
AMA and I’ll try to answer metaphorically
My boyfriend had a seizure in my living room and now I can’t be in my home alone AMA
I am a human, ask me anything.
I need some karma so AMA
I saw this on Facebook so why not lol. AMA, the edit your comment after I respond to make me look like a psychopath.
Im bored! AMA
I am a Ivy Educated Southern Black Woman Who is Questioning if It Was Worth During an Existential Crisis Stemming From Sexual Abuse at a Young Age
Choose something that makes you angry and ask me about it as if it's my fault, I will answer rudely
I’ll answer in the most mundane way, AMA
I am grumpy because I haven't smoked in more then 24 hours AMA
I am just diagnised with 160 IQ AMA!
I am a student at home rn due to the Japanese school closures by the PM AMA
My ethnicity is Kurdish but I was born and raised in Germany AMA
im a 29 year old virgin AMA
I will overwrite my answer to any question, AMA
Hello redditi, I am an italian college student sufferimg from chronic depression and anxiety dealing with a crisis, ask me anything.
I’m very shy and reserved irl but I have a bit of a small social media following. AMA!
Injury AMA
It's my birthday today I'm turning 14 AMA
I'm currently in Osaka, Japan. I'm on vacation. Ama?
I think I caught coronavirus. AMA!
I like to answer questions, AMA
I was the concubine of Muammar Gaddafi. AMA.
I don't have empathy AMA
I just took some Molly, AMA!
Ask me anything AMA
Bipolar College Girl Having an Episode AMA
I have an attraction to Yandere's. Ask me anything. (More info inside)
I (f18) am a sex addict AMA
I have memory lapses. AMA.
I am an Asexual Male, Ask me anything! *age 18, 19 in like 5 days
It's my Cake day, Ask me anything!
My friend dated a popular IG model while I was his roommate, AMA
I have an IQ of 160, AMA
I'm a gay guy, ama
My crush just rejected me! AMA
Is are the strangle bangle. AMA
I am a fully transitioned F&gt;M trans person, AMA!
Hello! I am allergic to sunlight, ask me what you want!
I have work until 1 AM (CST). AMA!
Just did cocaine AMA
I'm a human medical &amp; livestock veterinary nurse. AMA!
[27F] AMA but edit the questions to look like I’m a bad person
I'm scrolling through Reddit high, AMA
Someone borrowed my pencil today and I got it back snapped it half drenched in saliva AMA
I have the answer to all your questions. AMA
I was a child actor who grew up to be VERY MESSED UP. I later pulled my life together. AMA
Im suicidal and doing the educational equivalent of shooting myself in the foot. Ask me anything.
I just hit my first bong then collapsed for an hour. Just took a second hit and starting to feel it come on. AMA
My mom passed away all I want is her and my dad is no longer talking to me since finding out I’m pregnant and I just overwhelmed and alone AMA.
My sibling passed away, AMA!
My mom passed away all I want is her and my dad is no longer talking to me since finding out I’m pregnant and I just overwhelmed and alone. AMA
I write obituaries for a living AMA
My only fear is death, everything else doesn't scare me. AMA.
I'm a student at a specialized school for Gifted and Talented Individuals(GTI).AMA!
I live in Newfoundland! Our island is the oldest part of North America, and the most eastern part of Canada! AMA!
I live in newfoundland, an island off the coast of canada, AMA!
I was a mercenary for 8 years. AMA.
I'm procrastinating going to bed, AMA
Chilean, 28M. Love chess, Cycling and Dad Jokes. AMA!
Currently obsessed with 5sos AMA
i have met a karen. AMA
When I was 16, I looked in my mid-20's. AMA
I was diagnosed with the first case of Swine Flu in my state in 2009. AMA
My brother is 30 and still lives with my mom and me. AMA.
AMA But edit the question after I reply.
It’s my first day on Reddit and have already gotten 100 Karma, AMA!
My grandparents survived the Holocaust and had a first hand experience in it, ama.
I currently have 12 pets AMA
I'm British, Ask Me Anything
I don't feel emotion/empathy AMA
i am a bisexual conservative who lives in louisisana, AMA
Both my parents were exposed to Chernobyl radiation, and I'm the the product from them, ama.
My iq is 132, ama.
I make bad siege edits AMA
I just finished my first Model UN conference, AMA!
Go to my profile there's a "I fucked an Italian Girl" read the story, the girl just got pregnant AMA
I’m a swimmer ama
My bamboo is bigger than yours. AMA
14F Bored as hell AMA or just say anything
I'm 14 (M) and arguably smart. Ask me anything
Everyone in my family has almost been killed in multiple drive by shootings, they all survived a civil war, and two people in my family (including my dad) have killed someone, two have tried kill themselves, and they all can’t live without each other. AMA.
I am a teenager in Canada. AMA
I’m a dental hygienist. AMA
I’m dating an spanish girl (i’m Mexican)// AMA
PART 6: I’m a quarantined Diamond Princess passengers who was repatriated to the USA. I’ve completed a 14 day quarantine at Lackland Air Force Base, and have the federal and state governments fighting over our release! AMA!
I’m on a HS drill team where everyone hates each other, AMA
Bullied in the 5th grade, AMA
I am on level 2224 of Candy Crush Saga. AMA
Ridding the wrong bus// AMA
I’m 14F, pansexual, reform Jewish and bored. AMA
I’m Guy Gibson’s dog. Ask me anything.
(Probably A Common One, But Oh Well) I'm Homeschooled AMA
AMA But change your comment to make me look evil.
I’m 12 AMa
I am a type one diabetic AMA
I’m bored on a business trip. AMA.
I just got Petrie casts yesterday for Perthes disease and I am 16 m AMA!
I’m mot scared of the corona virus AMA
I’m the son of a millionaire from the third world (south america) ask me something AMA
I Dont Feel Emotions AMA
I've decided to NoFap, AMA
Undergraduate Cardiff Uni student studying Mathematics
I’m a 40 year old guy with a neck beard, and I’ve done nothing but play GTA Online for exactly one year. AMA
I lost over 100 karma overnight. AMA
I shared cornbread with Ellen Page. AMA
I am a JW AMA
stupid response
I recently had the privilege to have Stephen Morse, a leading epidemiologist studying the 2019 novel coronavirus lecture to my class. I took notes and spoke to him personally after, so I will do my best to relay information, AMA
I jumped in front of a train and survived, AMA
I’ve been suicidal for 4 years, Have Ocd, Anxiety, and ADHD
I’m 18 and legally blind after suffering a mTBI. AMA
Former drug addict, still drug user. Tried almost everything out beside Meth. AMA
I went an entire week without toilet paper in my home, AMA.
I'm a clinically tested genius, ask me anything.
i live 5 minutes down the road from the San Antonio Mall where the CDC accidentally released a corona virus positive patient who shopped there yesterday. AMA
Im 14, a lesbian, at home with the flu, and very very bored. AMA!
Im 14, bored,
I feel like a failure that never succeeds AMA
I can't sleep AMA
I'm 19F and I've been having sexual fantasies/wet dreams about my 16 year old brother,AMA!
I am high and I’m eating cheese. AMA
I'm a chain retail pharmacist, have been a staff pharmacist and a manager, with the recent NYT article on pharmacy and medication errors and how true some of it is, AMA
I’m a Child Actor and have been in two shows and I’m waiting to be on an episode of Last Man Standing! I really wanted to do a AMA so here I am
I am the first in my family to drop out of college. AMA.
I am a furry, AMA
I have pretty bad OCD. AMA
Ask me anything and I will absolutely berate you with an offensive, overly personal response AMA
This might be lame, but I'm an identical twin, AMA!
I can take any punt or punch to the balls.
I moved across the country with my family of 3 (2 spouses and a 6 year old kid), our moving truck caught on fire and we lost everything we owned. AMA
My Ex is My Soulmate, AMA
I have all the symptoms of corona virus and no health insurance to do anything about it. AMA!
i am a teen that plays kids games ask me enything
I just ranaway from home AMA
I’m a child actor and have been on two tv shows so far and might be on an episode of Disney’s Bunkd Ask me anything!
Im 22 and went to a special ed school for learning disabilities, emotional/behavioral issues from 5-10th grade. AMA
I’m 15 years old and addicted to drugs! AMA
I am a black world renowned fat man, I weigh 900 kgs. AMA
I met lovely peaches -Ask Me Anything-
About to take my last CNA proficiency test
I worked for the theft prevention dept. at a mall and have detained several shoplifters. AMA
I haven’t slept for 33 hours, AMA
I’m a male reddit user with a GF. AMA
I believe Donald Trump is the best candidate for President given the current field. AMA
I believe Donald Trump is the best candidate for president given the current field. AMA
I believe Donald Trump is the least bad option of the remaining Contenders AMA
I’ve been on the pill since I was 12, I have hyper mobility, am anaemic &amp; have an undiagnosed twitch. AMA !
Send me any link and I'll view it.
I am Donald Jack Trump AMA
Was put on hold and hung up on by the nat’l suicide prevention hotline, AMA :,)
I'm working on a paper and procrastinating. AMA
I’m a recovered addict who’s been sober for just over a year! AMA!
I’ve been sober for just over a year! AMA!
I am an everyday, multiple time a day weed smoker. Ask me anything!
I was in DCF custody for about 16 years. AMA!
I will be dead this time next week. AMA.
Ask me anything you want AMA
I’m 19 and living with depression, borderline personality disorder, and miscellaneous anxiety disorders. I’ve attempted suicide 2 times. AMA
I'm the favourite child for most of my family members. AMA
I'm on a 7 hour bus drive and everyone here is coughing. AMA
Only failed one university course in my entire educational experience, and I’m about to fail it again. AMA.
I am A 14 year old boy with Aspergers. AMA!
(19M) I’m attracted to girls that most men would consider “chubby” AMA
i havent eaten in 6 days ama
I have alzheimers AMA
i’m alone at an empty coffee shop waiting for my friends! ama!
About to come out as bisexual to my family, AMA.
I live in Texas AMA
i have a self harm addiction. AMA
I just won my first ever wrestling championship, AMA!
I bought a kitten from a drug dealer when I was 13. AMA
I called off my wedding two weeks before the day.
I am an ex-millionaire turned bankrupt for 5 years, made it back as a millionaire and lost it all again. AMA
I am Trump, AMA
im an albama nigger and i hate all other fucking niggers, I cinsume flsh of nigger child and nigger childs mother nigger and father nigger, i fucked the shit out of my nigger gf and her nigger mother, AMA.
I am a Grade 11 nobody who ruins anything good that happens in their life. I have done nothing of noteriety except live in downtown Winnipeg. Ask Me Anything
I am a Grade 11 nobody who lives in winnipeg. I am not attractive and balding. Ask Me Anything
I have witnessed a terror attack. AMA
I wave my hands rapidly in front of my face when I'm trying to imagine something - AMA
Johns Hopkins University Student - AMA!
I am 96 years old, AMA
Can't sleep, AMA
I play dungeons and dragons for a living - AMA
I had a sexual relationship with my older cousin AMA
I live in King County, home of over half of the coronavirus cases in the Unites States. AMA
I just tasted my pee - AMA
Living in a 5 Star Hotel for 30 days, AMA
I am a Muslim And Tired Of people Misconstruing Islam, AMA!
I am a 17 year old ginger guy with the selfesteem of a green bean, and the confidence of half a green bean. AMA
75th ranger regiment solider in Vietnam ask me anything.
I’m in a depressive episode, so AMA
I spent 4 hours studying for a quiz, and still got a 2/7. AMA
Ama &amp; i won't bother answering seriously
Sad and Headed to Urgent Care, AMA!
I have Myalgic Encephalomyelitis, also known as Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. I'm here to end some of your misconceptions - AMA
I will take any insult you give me as a compliment. AMA
I exist AMA
I’ve been diagnosed with a “depressive disorder with anger issues”. AMA
I am a resident of Kirkland, WA, where Coronavirus is rapidly spreading and 4 more people just died. AMA
Kids going through puberty should be taught about underarms.
I got FTM top surgery this past friday! AMA
[19F] Just lost my virginity AMA
I am a blind 31-year-old. - AMA
I am an 11 yr old redditor AMA
Getting all four wisdom teeth out today 😬😬 AMA, will try to answer after the procedure when I’m a bit out of it
I’m extremely slutty and have no sense of shame when it comes to my personal life. AMA
I'm bored and waiting for my husband to get home. AMA.
My country just got the first 2 coronavirus cases 3 days ago. AMA
Please tell me why I should not vote for Bernie Sanders.
I know Pre-Malone and Cardi A IRL, I live in Old Zealand, and I know what Victoria’s Secret is.
I’m a highschooler in a metal band. AMA
I’m Putin hater, ama
[19M] I was sexually assaulted by my female elder cousin when we were young. AMA
When I was a baby, I was asleep for 3 months. AMA
I’m a 18 year old high schooler that works at chick fil a in the kitchen. AMA
I have a 143 IQ roughly, and Im a soundcloud rapper.
I have a physics exam tommorow. Ama
I started programming when i was 12 - AMA!
I live in a majority white city and have been experiencing a lot of racial harassment lately. AMA
I’m pro-life, for non-religious reasons. AMA
My coworker is a clone of Andy from the Office. In absolutely every way. AMA.
I'm a Trump supporter AMA
I’ve been on reddit for a year, AMA
I am a 22 year old black man in job corp full of racist individuals. AMA
I decided to watch a non fetish (so a normal porn vid) for the first time at 23, AMA
I just had surgery today and am lonely with no one to talk too. Help cheer me up and AMA!
I’m a Teenager who is Suicidal I have ADHD, OCD, Insomnia, Anxiety and have been diagnosed with being a Phycopath, AMA
I...am...Donald J. Trump, the best president in the US history. Ask Me Anything.
I used to be Mormon. AMA
AMA but edit ur comment after i reply.
I’m a 16 year old farmer AMA
I have a competition tomorrow AMA
I’m a 21 year old non offending pedophile. AMA
I've been in therapy and on anxiety meds for 2 years, AMA
Been in prison in Albania and Germany. AMA
I accidentally pooped myself
I live in a community where I'm the only person not related to anybody. AMA.
i was admitted to a psych ward as a 15 yo for a suicide attempt. AMA.
I just tested Negative for the Corona Virus. AMA
I am a Asexual Misanthrope (I hate Humans). AMA
My account was recently placed under suspension by Reddit for vote manipulation. Ama
AMA then change the question to make it sound creepy.
I just walked around the bar and poured myself a drink. AMA
I'm someone who lives in a place with a high number of cases of Coronavirus. AMA!
The only thing stopping me from killing myself is knowing how much it would hurt my bf. AMA
I went from 43Kg 164cm to 59kg 168cm in 5 Months, AMA.
I'm a working-class student at Cambridge University, AMA
I shit myself at a gym and everyone laughed AMA
Best friend of 6 years was diagnosed as a sociopath, AMA
AMA asl me any would you rather and I’ll answer
I was raised in an extremist Messianic Judaism church group, got kicked out at 17 and haven’t been to church since. I’m now 19. AMA
I grew up in a very upper middle class household, yet was severely neglected throughout my youth. AMA
I had a 1.6 GPA in high school, only took the easiest classes, got the highest SAT and ACT scores in my class, and became a millionaire. AMA
I need karma to shitpost memes. Ask me anything.
I'm at home sick right now. AMA
I’m scared of heights and jump out of planes for a living. AMA
I will follow you ama
I am all the sith ama
I remove the auto up vote on all my posts and comments AMA
I am all the sith ama
I’m rod sterling and you’ve just entered... the twilight zone AMA
I found old Zealand ama
I can program computers and certified in IT, yet still unemployed in UK, AMA?
I don’t have an audible voice in my head. Apparently this isn’t normal? AMA.
I just got out of prison,i know i did something wrong and i dont need judgement. AMA!
I'm an ex-Mormon who did a 180° 5 years ago. AMA
Im a weed dealer in Toronto. Please Ask Away
Up here in Canada, I went to Taco Bell to buy a Taco Supreme and it was all chinamen working there. I was disgusted. When I eat Mexican food, I want it made by Mexicans. I don't care if they have to ship them all the way from Mexico. AMA
I wiped my ass too hard, broke the paper and got shit on my hand.
No one will ask me anything AMA
I'm dating a sex worker. AMA.
I live in Greece. AMA!
I’ve been accepted to 10+ colleges, AMA
I'm a Greek soldier currently deployed in the Greek - Turkish border AMA
My school is full of "drug deals". AMA
I work 50 hours a week, ref highschool sports and am in grad-school! AMA. I love talking about life!
(AMA)I just came out to a few people. Ask me anything
I play with my friends’s feet for sexual and emotional reasons. AMA.
I'm 18 &amp; M, Travelling to Australia on my own AMA!
Coronavirus school
Today marks one year since my then dear friend-partner-lover raped me, and I'm working the closing shift. AMA.
I have autism. AMA
I am what's colloquially known as a Redditor. AMA!
I'm the "reincarnation" of an SS-Totenkopfverbände man - AMA [Serious]
I live in Iraq. AMA
i'm 14, AMA!
im a 16 year old male from nyc and bored. AMA!
I’m a redditor, have been for almost two years now, AND I have a girlfriend. AMA
I live in the part of Florida where the 2 people tested positive for Coronavirus. AMA
I'm in Lombardy, the region with the most coronavirus cases in Italy AMA
I barely feel emotions AMA
I (55+ M) am bored out of my mind today. AMA
Got hit by a car when i was twelve AMA
I'm a furry ama
I have been to Canada. AMA.
I'm a flexitarian! AMA
I gotta piss ama
Biggest Private Military Companies Frightening Facts
I (25f) enjoy masturbating at work, AMA
I am a Gen Z, with no direction, passion, or real friends... AMA
I have a severe case of anemia and have panic attacks, AMA
AMA Currently trying to move out of China during the Covid-19 Epidemic
Up vote and I will upvote you
I’m a worthless mom of two with undiagnosed/unsupported mental illness on the edge of suicide. If I wasn’t doing this I’d be killing myself right now. I am a mooch and a burden and have no idea how to make my brain function properly. AMA.
I masturbated about an hour ago. AMA
We are a tax firm in USA! Tax questions? AMA
My Girlfriend got me a ring on our first date. AMA
I'm in a musical and opening night is this week AMA
I have an opening night for a show I'm in this week ama
I’m a famous tik tok star...AMA.
Im outside my house,just came from school and i forgot my keys AMA
I ate mcdonalds everyday for 1,5 years AMA
I’m currently in quarantine for Covid-19 (corona virus) AMA
I became a multimillionaire trough inheritance
I am a human ama
Im at work and my lunch brake is about to end. AMA I’ll answer in about 4 hours.
This is my first cake day! AMA
I am searching for app that gives me gifts card. AMA
Even I am an attention whore. AMA!
I got Coronavirus, 4th day of quarantine, and after 10 days it will be clear if i die or recover. AMA
I am racist AMA
I’m the fat friend, AMA
I took down the school's intranet once. Ask me anything.
4 days until my septorhinoplasty AMA (21M)
I went to a special ed school for learning disabilities and emotional issues from 5th-10th grade(was partially out of it for 9&amp;10th) AMA.
Suspicious? clear your doubts.
I can literally sense a word's emotion. AMA.
I am a mechanophile, meaning I am sexually attracted to cars. AMA!
I don't reply to comments AMA.
I missed second cake day. AMA
I shut down my school servers in 6th grade and stopped PARCC testing and Payroll AMA
Hey everyone, have you or anyone you know ever been scammed by online "Tech support* whats your story?
I need to kill some time - AMA
What something have you wanted to ask someone who is MtF transgender. AMA.
im virgin. AMA
I need post karma AMA
I could have been launched out the windshield in a car accident
My parents are deaf, AMA
I am about to die in next 30 minutes. AMA!
Lets have a dumb debate about the most pointless stuff AMA
My best friend tried to rape me when i was drunk. AMA
I'm nocturnal, AMA
I got no tips at work tonight, I've got an exam for school tomorrow I'm not prepared for, and I ran out of money for gas this week, ama.
I’m the quiet kid in class. Ask me anything :D
Your mom drowned me in her birthing juice when she spawned you so I left ama
Looking for my new Bff - ama and see if it’s you
Less than a week ago, I quit going to therapy as well stopped my meds for schizophrenia, bipolar, and psychosis. Might feel better now? AMA.
Only old Asian women sit beside me on the bus (Dead srs) - AMA
I quit my comfortable library job to pursue sex work. AMA
Im a wildlife student, bassist and interested in different aspects of music. AMA.
I am a diagnosed Sociopath. AMA
I am the nephew of a fairly famous Cook. AMA!
No one is interested in talking to me AMA
i'm really bored and tired but i might pull an all nighter just to draw AMA
I spent 79 hours on 5 Hour energies. AMA
i'm a v bored teen girl AMA
I suck my own dick, AMA
I'm tripping on mushrooms. Ask me anything
Tonight includes insomnia &amp; a depression spiral, keep me company. AMA
I’m drunk and lonely 48(m) and wassssuuup? Has anyone ever hooked up bc of ama? I never have posted on here AMA
It’s my first cake day! AMA
I live and work with Orthodox Jews, AMA
I'm a normal Canadian teenage male AMA!
I eat in my sleep, AMA!
I move to a different state tomorrow AMA!
I’m trying to learn French AMA
Extremely pregnant and exhausted but dealing with insomnia, AMA
Mom kicked me out of the house and disowned me for getting tattoos. AMA
I am a fucking sad pathetic piece of shit. AMA
I’m a very obese 14 Year old AMA
how do i delete my reddit account?urgent
how do i delete my reddit account?urgent.
AMA: fourteen year old boy scout
Im in the 1%, ask me anything!
I have type 2 narcolepsy. AMA!
I didn’t know what Libido was, after some research it turns out I have HIGH LIBIDO HL!
I took a shit on the bathroom floor at Walmart
I ask back questions a lot. AMA!
I am still together with my LDR girlfriend who cheated a month before she got her visa for the country I live in. I forgave and we continued, Its been three months since she is in.AMA!
I was the guy from the math problems. AMA.
My girlfriend cheated on our LDR a couple of months before she came to the same city that I live and began living with her brother. I forgave and we are still together. AMA!
I Use To Be Friends With A Horder. AMA!
Heyo! I'm a very young nerd who draws and animates for a hobby! AMA
My top five posts, of all time, are two sentence horror stories. The next two highest posts are poop jokes. AMA
My jaws will lock if I open them too wide, AMA
someone stole my airpods AMA😔
AMA
ask me anything literally anything
I hate questions AMA
Certified fuckyoutologiest AMA
Amazon stole my name and made it a meme. AMA
Shapeshifter again but I got my laptop fixed AMA and I'll actually answer in a timely fashion this time
It's my cake day. AMA!
I am a male &amp; live with Fibromyalgia AMA
I have Prosopagnosia
I make cardboard boxes for a living, AMA.
I'm a Mexican Computer Science Student, AMA.
Ive been on reddit for 3 years 2 months and 27 days. AMA
Please distract me, I'll answer whatever you want! AMA
I’m jacked, AMA
I have dissociative identity disorder (Multiple Personality Disorder). AMA!
I have cynophobia, which is the fear of dogs. AMA
Women just can't stop sniffing my arm pits - AMA
I'm a teenager living in NYC! AMA
I borrow my sisters dildo to fuck myself whenever she’s out and now I want to try a real cock. Straight male. AMA.
I've been on Reddit for nearly four months and i only have 88 karma AMA.
I’ve seen the film Terminator 2 at least 2000 times. AMA!
Tomorrow I resume college after 3 month vacation. AMA
I'm a 14 year old who makes $15k a month creating robot AskReddit YouTube videos. AMA
I’m a 19 year old high-school dropout with a 10th grade education, AMA!
My mom has a disorder that makes her muscles to weak to walk, this disorder lead her to go on a large radio show, have her story go viral, leading her to go to many medical conferences, including one in Italy, and save the life of a Olympic athlete as well as her dad, my grandpa , AMA
I’m a cook at a strip club AMA!
I'm being stalked AMA
Im 19 and will never have a girlfriend because im too unique to have one. AMA
I’m behind in life at 26, dependent, but aiming for med school. This is preventing any chance of me ever finding a girlfriend. AMA!
I know everything - AMA
Long time Seattle healthcare worker in midst of COVID-19, AMA!
AMA: We talk cannabis LIVE
Done ketamine i have AMA
Overnight AMA
I just had pork chops. AMA.
AMA! but do it in a different language than english
I’m a 15 year old boy. AMA!
i became friends with people i catfished ama
I’m in a long distance relationship with a guy 2000 miles away. AMA :~)
I have successfully remained not gay for 32 years - AMA
My life was ruined by a concussion, AMA
I know a kid who I thought was my friend but actually is just bringing the friend group down by threatening suicide, starting rumors, and playing the victim card, AMA!
I’m a Nutrition and Dietetics Major, hoping to become a registered dietitian. AMA :)
I am Freestyle 1 in figure skating on ice(so I guess I'm qualified to talk about it?) AMA
I’m a 13 y/o dude unsure of what the future plans.
I have Asperger's Syndrome/High Functioning Autism. AMA!
I [29M] am an extreme sports athlete who dates women in pairs, AMA
My girlfriend for 1 1/2 years just dumped me and I honestly don’t give a shit. Ask me anything.
I’m a random teen from Mexico, AMA
I'm stupid. AMA
I haven’t bathed or washed my hands in 8 years and I haven’t been sick since. AMA
if you had your own restaurant, what would you name it? AMA
Im an Age Regressor. AMA
My friends are struggling to set up a jack box party stream so AMA while I wait.
I’m waiting for my flight and there’s 3.5h left so please entertain me and AMA!
My wife and I are both autistic dykes who cut off our toxic families and eloped. AMA
I was born with only one lung. AMA.
I am 19(almost 20) and only watched porn maybe 5 times in my life AMA
I’d been bullying some guys when i was younger. AMA
today was my first day at my new job, working at an ice cream shop! AMA :)
I make a living by filming porns. AMA
I have read and own every book published on paper in the Ender universe but my memory sucks. AMA
I'm a 19 year old male and have tripped on LSD 106 times over 3 years. AMA
Currently working a double. And I’m bored already! AMA!
I have one but ama
I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 6 months ago AMA
I'm 13 and 4'8. AMA
I realized that I was trans 5 months ago AMA
I'm a very pessimistic person AMA...
There is a girl I know who genuinely thought China was in the USA. among other things too. AMA!
Furry AMA
I am a gamer. AMA!
I'm a 13 year old who is really kinky and has had sex 3 times. AMA!
I Dont have Corona virus AMA
My mom and step-dad are going through a bad divorce AMA
I’m a 23 year old who transitioned from F-&gt;M after falling in love with my lifelong best friend. AMA
Ex Combat Medic at the Paratroopers Brigade
I was jumped by a group of Juniors today. AMA
I once 'Saved' Someones Life AMA
I have myrmecophobia, the fear of ants, AMA
I've just seen the nastiest thing so I quieted my job as a housekeeper. I know the dirtiest things about the hotels you stay at. Ask me anything.
I'm an intersexed chimera - both male &amp; female - AMA!
Im in one of the fastest growing cities in the U.S. and the state just got infected with coronavirus. AMA
I’m an 11 yr old kid with Tourette’s and ocd. AMA
I've got extreme feelings for this girl but Im afraid to runi things between us and our friend group. AMA
Guess who's back. AMA.
I live in Brasil! AMA!
I don't know if this is allowed but I'm an incel ask me anything !
I'm over 7 years clean &amp; sober from drugs &amp; alcohol. AMA
I just won 1st Place in the Diamond League on Duolingo. Ask me anything.
i am in my early teens and have no ambition. AMA
Am currently being tortured by my uniform. AMA.
I am actively recovering from anorexia nervosa and have recently been diagnosed with body dysmorphia disorder - AMA
I consider myself to be (in terms of politics) a "slight anarchist" AMA
Im a Jewish, pansexual teen. AMA!
I am a billionaires granddaughter AMA.
I offended someone by calling them the Ultimate Chad AMA.
I’m an editor for hire. AMA!
I'll answer anything with a John mulaney reference AMA
Just a standard bloke AMA
My parents are giving me up on adoption AMA
I am unusually good at piano tiles, AMA
trans girl board love playing games and love music ama
I’m a college student and I’ve been a vegetarian for almost 4 years now AMA!
I'm the nephew of a very famous italian singer,with millions of views from all the world. AMA
I [29M] am a sponsored extreme sports athlete with many female fans. I am usually dating two women at once. AMA!
I just discovered that Reddit has dark mode, AMA
I like talking to strangers, ama
I am a lot of things. AMA!
I have Tourette’s syndrome. AMA
I was on world's strictest parents ama
I just got a job AMA
I'm your average Kpop fan. AMA.
I am a furry, AMA!
I’m a Canadian that went to the USA for the first time today AMA
I’ve got 2 Reddit golds yesterday (this is the first time I ever got gold) on one post. Ama
I’ve just had a cooking fail and ended up making something that looks like the gross green food that is portrayed in Cartoon shows. Ama
I’m an 18 year old college girl with severe PTSD, anxiety, chronic cranial and abdominal migraines, and cyclic vomiting syndrome. AMA
I am a gay man who lived in RURAL West Virginia for the first 18 years of my life, AMA.
I have multiple personalities. Ask me anything.
I will be competing in the United States open cup ama
Im not MrBeast ama
I met Post Malone at Topgolf and chatted for a little bit, AMA
I’ve had perfect attendance at school since Kindergarten. I’m 14. AMA
AMA MIND TERROR
I’m the man who fell into the river in LEGO City, AMA
Other than schizophrenia, I am autistic, have anxiety, ADHD and chronic stress. AMA!
I am very scared of corona virus
My mom and her boyfriend are having s*x while trying to sleep
Been together with my first gf for about 2 months now, AMA
I post so many questons on ask reddit now is time for you to give back AMA
I’m bored and avoiding my studies, AMA
I'm a 13 year old asexual athiest in a Christian household AMA
I’m a 23 year old trans guy happily married to my lifelong crush &amp; best friend. AMA
I am a Florida man
I bite my nails AMA
Lived in NYC my whole life AMA
I just plucked my mans nipple hairs, AMA!!
I speak 27 languages, 21 of which FLUENTLY ama
I just got Reddit. AMA!
I used to put Meth in my coffee everyday for an extra pick me up AMA
I’m a 23 year old trans guy happily married to my lifelong crush &amp; best friend. AMA
I'm a polyglot, AMA
I Just Finished A 22 Hour Shift At Work, AMA
I'm a non-binary trans man who's been on T for about a year AMA
My Brother Sexually Assaulted My Sister and I. AMA
I live in Argentina. AMA!
I’m a guy and I wear panties AMA
Lost everything except my virginity AMA.
Im a human i promise. Ask i any6hing
Im a 29 Year Old Struggling Stand Up Comedian from India. I have been in 14 relationships. Currently single. AMA.
I worked as an asset protection agent for a mall for 2 years. AMA
Waited tables with NO VOICE during busy weekend shifts. AMA!
i just joined this subreddit and want to know what to expect from it. AMA
I'm italian AMA
I can't remember faces for longer than about a second. It took me 17 years to notice that other people can. AMA
I was molested by my neighbour when I was a kid and I don't think it affected me at all. ASK AWAY.
~ AMA. I lost my best friend at the age of 15 in a car accident.
I am 13 and I have an eating disorder, AMA
I'm a lesbian at my conservative Trump supporter gun slinging grandpa's house. Bored AMA!
Peppa pig Is watching me. AMA
You always heard about women’s horrible first date stories, so, to the guys of reddit: What was your worst first date?
Making a Tactical Shooter "fan game" AMA
I am a Syrian-American religious Jew. AMA
Why not
My anxiety was severe before, but has somehow worsened. AMA
I am a female in college and saved up 5 figures from selling fetish items on reddit. AMA
I go to art school AMA
I turned 15 today!! AMA!!
I [20 F] was a victim of childhood abuse for 10+ years, AMA
I’m on a road trip from North Carolina to Virginia. AMA
[Request] - Coronavirus Survivor
I'm just a regular Person on Reddit. Ask me anything.
Im a youth baseball umpire AMA
I am a former [M]odel on Chaturbate and I study math at an Ivy League University. AMA [NSFW]
I’m a retail worker, AMA
I started a rap group and we are dropping our first album summer 2020. AMA!
I am autistic AMA
I am a 25 year old licensed social work. I work as a geriatric behavioral health social worker in an inpatient facility in Pennsylvania. As me anything!
Finished Air Force BMT, Tech School and Have Been At My First Base for 6 Months. AMA!
I made out with a lad who has had a girlfriend for a year. AMA
Middle eastern in the UK
I’m 13M and in 8th grade right now AMA
i am an 11 year old autistic boy. ask me anything
I will answer anything you ask positively. AMA!
Last night I tried the last sauce from “Hot Ones”. AMA
I have a really boring life. AMA
I’ve washed my hands 12 times with bleach because I feel contaminated.AMA
I (M) enjoy eating pussy. AMA.
On this International Wheelchair Day, I, 23yo F in a wheelchair, will answer all your questions. Even NSFW questions ! AMA
I can’t sleep, AMA!
I’m 20 years old [F] and felt true love for myself 2 days ago. AMA!
I was in homeschool for 6 years and public school for 6 years AMA
A Famous Ghost Hunting Show Filmed An Episode In My Town, AMA.
My Grandfather built and is a pastor of a church AMA.
I have a diaper fetish, AMA!
I'm a psychology student, AMA
I (27m) am Gay man in Reparative Therapy. AMA.
I’m 25, I don’t wash my face with any product nor do I apply moisturizer, and I have zero zits on my face due to not eating sugar. AMA
Screwed my yoga teacher
AMA but change your questions to make me look stupid
I'm watching ROTS. AMA
Buk buk buk buk buk. Buk buk buk buk buk. (I am a chicken. Ask Me Anything.
I have ADHD AMA
I was sexually abused by my stepfather from 12 yo to 15 yo. AMA
I use one of my wife’s makeup brushes to powder my balls everyday. AMA.
The women in my family have bad luck with men. AMA
I will respond to every question psychologically. AMA!
[AMAREQUEST] Someone who worked in the Apollo Program with Nazi Scientists that were brought in by the US government
I haven't gone outside in 3 months, AMA.
I had to create a grudge and the lines won’t stop going diagonal. AMA
I am 29, working full time &amp; running for House of Reps in my area AMA
I use Reddit, Instagram, Tiktok, Pinterest and Facebook for memes. AMA
I’m a 20yo, and have been suffering from depression, anxiety and insomnia for nearly half my life (since 12yo), AMA!
I'm struggling through a breakup AMA
I'm a teen author. AMA @u/EatenByACookie
I have a hole in my neck that connects to my sinuses and leaks mucus! Ask Me Anything.
I have 2 rares diseases, just got out from the hospital because I tested a new treatment AMA
I attempted 30 first dates by March 1. AMA
Hello im Ian. 2 years ago i was institucionalized in a psych ward at 17, after going on an elimination diet today i just participated in a 5k race. AMA!
I want a popular AMA, so AMA
Im in a relationship with a girl that doesn't know that im into cuckholding, AMA
I dislike cheese. Ama
I’m stuck in Hong Kong due to the Novel Coronavirus - after 6 years of travel and just 9 countries from becoming the first to visit every country in the world COMPLETELY WITHOUT FLYING! Ask Me Anything!
Just woke up at 830am, already very buzzed at 10am. AMA
IM SAMS THE SKELTIT TELL ME ASNYTHON1!
I need to study and i keep scrolling by reddit memes. Don't AMA i need to study
Got nothing to do, am 15 and play Minecraft AMA
I had my penis circumcised for medical reasons, AMA!
I am an ex-Christian
Good morning! AMA
I can answer any question no matter what it is
I’m a happy shoptlifter, AMA
Spent last 4 years playing video games instead of having any kind of social interactions AMA(17)
I'm Clyde Elrod &amp; I am running for Congress in Georgia's 10 district AMA
23 year old with abandonment issues Been on a 5-year dry spill AMA
I am a Kleptomaniac who enjoys returning stolen items. AMA
Spent my last 4 years of my life gaming instead of socialising(17) AMA
I am a punk - AMA
I’m a 13 year old guy who lives on a farm. AMA!
Ask me a question that doesn't make sense to you, and I will answer it accurately (as long as the words alone make sense of course). Ask me anything #2.
AMA but edit your questions after I’ve answered to make it look offensive.
Masks are considered the best defence against the spread of Coronavirus. Why not latex gloves as well?
I’m a lonely, 20 year old virgin. AMA
I was in a relationship for two years with an abusive serial cheater. AMA
I'm from Brazil. AMA.
I am a Professional Male Tarot Reader and Witch. AMA.
I work at a large family nudist resort during summer, AMA
I took a gap year due to mental health and I'm planning on going out into society again. AMA
I have COVID-19 (corona virus) AMA
F proposed to my boyfriend (now fiancé) on leap day. AMA
I licked my brother's finger in a fight. AMA
American currently living in Albania AMA
I am a diagnosed bulimic - ASK ME ANYTHING
I can turn anything into a JoJo reference. AMA
If you could ask Trump 3 questions that he would have to answer honestly live on TV, what would you ask?
My mother’s main diet when she was pregnant with me was just a whole lot of ‘make this baby dumb af’ juice AMA
I’ve been through the Canadian mental health system, all ends and spectrums, several forms of therapy and medications... I have borderline personality disorder... AMA
I need karma... AMA!
I am currently procrastinating doing revision for GCSEs, AMA!
I’m a human, AMA
I'm a Swiss shooter, gun collector and blog/forum owner. AMA!
AMA and I will respond with the worst possible advice, specific to your question.
I’m in a *college* fraternity and a proud Freemason. AMA.
I clean drinking water for a major city AMA
I'm bi and no one knows ama
Ima Korean 16 year old(15) ama. Got nothin to do cuz of the virus
I live in Israel AMA
I am currently in tears because of menstrual cramps, distract me from the pain AMA!
Literally I'm tears because of period cramps. AMA fo distract me from the pain!
I am 31, unemployed, depressed, and I want a career ama
I want to get 11 piercings. AMA
I was born in Germany I grow up in Israel and now I live in Germany again. AMA
I came out as bi recently AMA
I need more karma AMA
reincarnation as a balance in nature
I am a professional ForexTrader, ask me anything.
I’m bulimic, AMA
Im a Child diagnosed with Depression and Borderline. AMA
Ama
I’m tempted to bang an escort cuz no one else has wanted to for over a year. AMA
I've been homeschooled all my life (15) AMA
I have Autism, ADHD and a lung problem. AMA
I live in Dubai, AMA
I live in Dubai, AMA
I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, before her fame. She’s the star of a big movie franchise. AMA
From bullied and depressed in high school to having a family and a great career AMA
I’m a senior who’s starting to hear back from college. I also suffer from clinical anxiety/depression (winning combo ik) AMA
My dad thinks that he was abducted by aliens. I’ve got him here with me. AMA
I have no karma, this post is almost karmawhoring and I've missed my cake day... twice, ask me anything!
I am a prototypical privileged white male, AMA!
I was born on a leap day AMA
I did chaturbate show
My cat is sleeping on me and I can't move. AMA !
I’m a sex addict. M(24) ama
Almost committed suicide
I'm a homeschooler heading to college tomorrow! AMA
my first birthday w/o my ex AMA
16F, South Korean AMA
My girlfriend have some kind of psychic superpowers! Ama
EX Soup restaurant manager, AMA
I’ve had a cold for 11 days scared it’s coronavirus AMA
i’m a girl who looks so much like a dude that almost any stranger refers to me as a guy, AMA!
I'm studying in a conservatory
I’m an autistic medical student who starts tomorrow
I text my bully from a fake girls account and got to know and see private things of him. AMA
I was full ready to lose my virginity today but the universe had other plans, AMA
I am a high school student in Nepal. AMA
I'm a horny teen ama
Hi how are you? I’m Peter AMA
I'm okay with repost ama
Homeschooled,gay,8th grade, and all A+s AMA ig
I found out as an adult that my Dad is not my biological Father. He doesn't know. AMA
Im a Teenager ask me anything
Im a teenager ask me anything
I’m a Christian who doesn’t believe in that whole “If a man lieth with another man, then they have both created an abomination” horseshit. AMA
I have Maladaptive Daydreaming Disorder. AMA.
I started looking at porn when I was 11, now I’m 26. AMA
I’m not very social, all my friends went out drinking and invited me, I stayed home. AMA
First year grad student studying a PhD in Polymer Science. AMA
I made it onto an.... interesting side of Wattpad tonight. AMA!!
I can see sounds and smell
I swallowed hot mac and cheese that would normally burn my tongue and burned my esophagus (i think). AMA
My neighbor rents her house out on Air-BnB and just had a massive frat party shut down (200+ people), AMA.
I’m a citizen enjoying universal healthcare AMA
I am a bored person. AMA!
I play the electric guitar and listen to heavy metal. AMA
i just got ghosted by a girl who said she loved me a week after a bad breakup, AMA.
I participated in Elizabeth Warren’s rally in Little Rock, Arkansas. Ask me anything.
I’m from Russia! And this is an amazing country. AMA!
I'm 6'4" at 17 and weigh 320 lbs. Ask me anthing
I can’t stop singing Papa Roach AMA
I’m high AMA
I can know the exact taste of anything before I eat it
I have tripped 11 timed on lsd, AMA!
Just ditched some friends for good and got off of messenger. AMA
I’m really horny and can’t do anything about it AMA
I died AMA
I have adhd AMA
I have the highest paper-scissors-rock win percentage among my friends with an 85% winrate over 20 rounds, AMA!
Was in a Car That Rolled. Still in ER. AMA
I'll respond to your questions in 4 years! AMA!
I'm one of the few girls in my college department AMA!
I'm a child of divorce, AMA!
Grew up with Lonnie walker (nba player for spurs) AMA
I collect everything Nintendo 64, AMA
I’m not a player I just crush a lot AMA
Starting today, I will be starting my mission to travel to all 7 continents and all 50 U.S. States! AMA!
I was in my school’s 106th annual variety show. AMA
I'm a girl from Argentina... Messi Land.. AMA
I can see sounds, smell, and time around me
It is Saturday night and I decided, for the first time in a long time, to smoke some pot. And here I sit, in my Hollywood Blvd apartment watching WKRP in Cincinnati while wearing a silk Kaftan and eating a lovely chocolate mousse. AMA
The earth is really a giant kidney stone
I have a super rare condition called goldphobia. AMA
I’m a diagnosed sociopath AMA
I have Major Depression with Psychotic Features, and I’ve been in treatment 4 times. AMA.
I know it’s well over done but.. ask me anything and edit the question to make me seem like a **Psycopath**
What makes you give award to a thread or comment?
i’m hiding from the kids i’m babysitting, AMA
I’m a Beauty Advisor. AMA!
I have severe anxiety and had an edible. AMA
I’m about to take an edible for the first time AMA
I like drawing things. AMA.
Im a wrestler with cough variant asthma. ama
Drunk student ama!
I'm a very, very ugly highschooler. AMA
I can't feel empathy, worry, shock, interest, to most peaple I know(or not). AMA.
I was homeless and lived in the woods from 18 to 20 years old. Ama.
I'm a self described alt right/neo nazi. I think it would be good to help shed some light on our ideology, and maybe clear up misconceptions, and hopefully get people to think like I do. AMA
I am currently writing a book. AMA
Did the Holocaust really happen?
I’m good looking, ebtnual
I work in a popular craft brewery AMA.
I’m a box, AMA
I caught my 7 year old nephew calling someone a fgt on Xbox live - AMA
[!Official||Live!] "AEW Revolution" liVe STrEaMs-reddit
I want karma please, I may be a karma whore but I have a sock on it's OK
I am rape victim that successfully put my rapist behind bars AMA
Coronavirus global numbers
My feet are completely immune to stepping on Lego - AMA
I'm sitting in the airport, getting ready to fly to Japan in a few hours. The lack of service at the coffee shop is awful, it's 2am, and I'm not gonna sleep for the next 24 hours, because I hate flying. Ama?
Do you smell that? Me neither, start farting.
Netflix and Apple severed relations as of this last week and didn’t tell anyone but me. AMA
I’m an autistic stripper. AMA
I was a high school bully AMA
I’m not a barbie girl and i am not in a barbie world. Ama
Hi, I'm an irrelevant pos irl but have a small following online.
I fell off a desk because my idiot classmates thought it would be funny to do so, my teacher told me to climb over them and i broke my ankle. I got suspended for filing a false incident report. AMA
I am a 16 year old russian teen who was born in the states AMA
My mom is overprotective and she just installed cameras inside the house, Ask me anything
I think Duke Nukem should be added to Smash. AMA
I’m grounded, AMA
I have a diaper fetish, AMA!
I opened a pack of gum in school. AMA
I'm bored, should be doing homework, and probably do way too many AMAs. AMA.
I graduated from university at 17 in the US, AMA!
I'm a gay guy ama
I'm someone who wants to connect to others, AMA!
Currently drowning my problems in THC. AMA
Rampart AMA with Woody Harrilson
I went skiing a few weeks ago, AMA
My Special Interest Is Mental Health, AMA
Do these shorts look okay?
Help me choose a pornhub username AMA
I am a male contortionist. Ask me anything
I had a grandma that let me be molested for money by her husband - ASK ME ANYTHING
I won’t answer your question. AMN.
I have borderline personality disorder and I will never be able to properly grieve. AMA
I just returned from four months abroad volunteering in Peru. AMA!
I just joined this subreddit AMA!
I'm getting my tubes tie at 21 years old AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look like an idiot
AMA and I will answer with 1 word
I got a tattoo that says “decent” in my inner lip AMA
Im in Big W. AMA
High for the first time it was an accident, AMA
What the fuck does AMA mean
I’m the Social Media Manager for a Lamborghini, Aston Martin, McLaren and Maserati dealership! AMA!
I’m 16, was clinically diagnosed with MDD and GAD 6 years ago. I was raped at 14 and I have attempted suicide 3 times. I also have severe tremors. AMA!
I have a permanent piercing is my penis, AMA
My first kiss was by a 5yo stranger who stalked me for three miles. AMA
I carried in all the groceries in one go. AMA
Stupid fucking bitch in my class got me sick, AMA
I work 3rd shift at a gas station AMA
My coworker did 7 years in prison for attempted murder. AMA
I have a diaper fetish, AMA! [NSFW]
I have an inflatable penis in my room
I’m a 15 year old college student AMA
I’m Vegan, but not the shove it down you throat kind of vegan. AMA.
I had SEX with XXXTENTACION! AMA!
I had malaria 6 times AMA
This is my first Reddit post, on my first day of having a Reddit Acc, AMA.
I am a middle schooler who skipped a grade and was diagnosed with depression and OCD. AMA, as long as it’s safe for life
I fractured my wrist, AMA.
I have anorexia. My mother is constantly on diets and talking to me about them, while my father is large and often eating, and tells me to do the same. AMA.
EVERYTHING I LOVE IS BREAKING DOWN AND MY WORLD FALLS INTO PIECES
the KKK holds rally's in the forests behind my house AMA
I have synesthesia. AMA
I'm turning 16 tomorrow, AMA
My father believes that he’s an alien who needed to evacuate his other planet to survive. He’s here with me - AMA.
My next cake day will be in 2024, AMA
I slept with 30 prostitutes in 28 consecutive days. AMA
Literally ask me anything, NSFW or not!
I found out that my girlfriend was raped yesterday. Ama
I made my account on the leap year day ama
I low key want to fuck the Winx Club. AMA
I really want to eat pizza. AMA
I was raised in a conservative christian family
Had first-ever kiss two dates ago, got dumped today. AMA.
I'm a female in a happy committed relationship but I keep hitting on girls when drunk. What do I do?
Just reamed my boss a new a-hole today 😁AMA
My girlfriend has mononucleosis for at least a week and I kissed her yesterday. AMA
I waited for somebody all day and then got disappointed, AMA :)
Im 16, i have two jobs, i go to private school and my social life is great AMA
i'm depressed, kinda lazy, in my early teens, and have no ambitions for things to do later in life. AMA
I just made this as an alt for a Feb 29 cake day, AMA.
I had a dream where I was a Pikachu. Twice. AMA
I’m at an ice cream place. AMA
AMA.
i am in Iran - AMA!
im muslim. AMA
AMA. AMA
I am an arm chair expert. AMA
[F]18 really horny ama
I know the Krabby Patty Secret Formula AMA
I have a second personality. AMA.
I have narcolepsy, AMA.
I want to join the Marines when I get out of High School
Im 14 year old fencing player AMA
AMA but edit the question because I‘m sick and bored.
I'm an autistic girl with anxiety, depression, and PTSD. AMA.
My first time playing Minecraft was in late 2010. AMA
Nothing interesting about me. AMA!
I’m 2 hours and what feels like an eternity into taking 5 hits of acid. AMA
My grandma is an extreme Horder AMA!
I just saw My Hero Academia: Heros Rising AMA (MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS)
diagnosed with anorexia - first post - AMA
I'm 14, and my best friend is 5 years older than me. AMA.
I was born in 2005, but love 80s stuff. I have amassed an electric typewriter, a CRT TV-VCR combo, a turntable, and one of those Mattel handhelds. AMA
My 13 year old litle brother has a down syndrome, ask US anything
I don't like nor enjoy music AMA
I think the whole world is a videogame without GUI elements, AMA.
I am a Bengali-British Asian that loves curry and goes to secondary school!!!! AMA
I'm a severe drug addict...whoa is me.
I’m a real life 100% optimist going through the toughest period of my life, AMA
I have random panic attacks and sometimes faint for no reason. AMA
I think that the Coronavirus is a hoax invented by Democrats. AMA.
I am a Polish technical school student and a vegetarian since birth. AMA
i survived a car accident on the highway today and we have zero injury AMA
I am Dutch and I do not smoke weed AMA
I just sneezefarted in the library... thank God my sneezes are LOUD AF
I went from being an active, young college student to being bedridden for 3 months. AMA
My husband has the man flu. AMA.
I am a Pakistani who lost a family member to Taliban assassination. AMA.
I just played in a metal show AMA
I got drunk with Valerian tincture (5 drops), and i don't know what happening. AMA...
I made a video game, and only 3 people know a cheat code to it. AMA
I am doing iron crotch training. AMA
I live in Florida. AMA.
I am turning 16 tomorrow, ask me anything
I’m the cat
I have DID (multiple personality disorder). AMA.
I am coming down from my first candyflip, AMA
I like my soda flat (no bubbles) and without ice. AMA
I’m 14 and just got hit by a car on my bike, AMA.
Send me nudes (21f)
My best friend dated a super-successful camgirl, AMA
My dad has synesthesia, AHA.
My dad has synesthesia, AHA.
Firefighter from the uk AMA
Today is my birthday AMA
I (under 35) have never had a Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Linkedin account, never used Tinder or any dating apps/sites, never followed any 'influencers' on YouTube, never participated in any of this social media stuff - and I'm still doing perfectly fine. - AMA
I have exactly 8oz of water left in my water bottle AMA
28 years old and was diagnosed with bioplar type 1 with psychotic fearures, ptsd, and now fear I am going more insane. Hospitalized currently. Just finished my first stint of sobriety and had a short slip up. Went to school with SHS shooter (same grade) and attempted suicide multiple times.
I have a bad history with bullying, AMA!
This is fine. AMA.
I work at subway AMA
AMA | I am from Bulgaria.
I am a Registered Dietitian that went to "fat camp" with Meghan Trainor at age 11 and overcame disordered eating patterns. AMA.
I’m a 13 year old living in Australia who was locked out of the house from 4:00PM to 9:32 PM
I HATE Michael Morpurgo. AMA.
It’s my birthday! I’m officially 4 years old. AMA!
I will make a conspiracy theory on anything you say AMA
I’m the one who let the dogs out, AMA
I used to work at a cemetery. AMA!
Today I turn 5 Years old. Feel so old for my age😜 AMA
I have high functioning autism. AMA!
I'm an adult and I ate Trix cereal for breakfast.
Today’s my cake day! AMA
I posed nude as a life model for an art class to build body confidence. AMA.
I have poor blood circulation, AMA
I can put a Negative Spin on Anything, Ask me Anything.
I attended clown mass at a clown commune. AMA.
I can’t post anywhere else until I have more karma, AMA!
I am close to 4k karma ama
I was on a medically induced coma for a whole week // AMA
I’m heading to a state vex robotics tournament in traverse city Michigan. AMA!
In 2015 I reported a fraternity president for sexual assault and went through the whole university title ix investigation, ama
internet troll went after an entire city and I made a documentary about it
I'm a Professional Psychic AMA
I go to a Christian and private school but I can't decide whether God is real or not, AMA
[AMA Request] A medical professional or any person who is aware of the situation with COVID 19 in Iran
I have a diaper fetish. AMA! [NSFW]
I’m a huge kpop and anime fan AMA
I think the word 'underarmies' should be used instead of armpits. AMA
An armed robbery happened across from my apartment building and the guy ran into my building and hid in his apartment just down the hall from me. AMA!
Im a muslim, living in a western country, AMA
I buy replica sneakers/clothing and I rock them on the daily. AMA!
Only 27 and it's my final day of life, AMA
I got really drunk last night. AMA
I want to be a rapper but my mom enrolled me in an engineering school. AMA
I’m feeling alone because I never had a girlfriend and don’t have real friends. AMA
I “possibly” have the coronavirus and could have spread it to everyone at a 1000 kid school, AMA!
Facebook hides all of the antivax groups to support pro-vaccination. I’ve managed to find and get into the 3 largest anti-vax groups with over 600,000 members. AMA.
I'm high and have no one to talk to AMA
I’m a business analyst that delivers top tier solutions on next generation platforms to improve the business needs of clients. AMA
I learned the truth of the universe from Heraclitus the Obscure. AMA!
I just accidentally just liked a girls Instagram post from 7 months ago, AMA!
I have a big Peepee ;D AMA
I am being raised by an emotionally abusive parent. Ama
Born on February 29th. Birthday today! AMA!
I am from Sweden AMA about Sweden!
We are a tax firm in Ohio and can answer questions about returns! AMA
I was raised in the circus. I lived in a caravan that we traveled in between each event until I was 21 (I’m now 23). AMA
Live Game Thread: Parker vs Vinters Live Broadcast Tv
I’m just bored and want people to AMA or challenge me to do something
I cheated on my girlfriend. AMA.
Just made it through a birthday party sleepover with some wild 9 year olds and I’m so tired I can’t feel my face. AMA
Child of millionaires ( Asia ) AMA
It's 804am EST and I'm drinking AMA.
I am incapable of feeling/experiencing sadness, AmA!
My body alarm wakes me by 4:30 every morning no matter what..AMA
I am a male who survived a really bad relationship and domestic abuse situation - AMA
3 years ago I was planning on killing myself. Now I love my life. AMA.
At this point im just whoring out my self for karma and i kinda like the attention and the rejection i can give, so ask me anything, no matter how intrusive it sounds?
I'm really into competitive Super Smash Brothers. AMA!
I'm on my way to work 12 hours at a boring job that hasn't even paid me for my last week's work yet. AMA!
8 hour layover.. I got time.. AMA..
I was 7 Years a Prepper. Then quit prepping 2 years ago. AMA
I have 1 eye AMA
Coronavirus is in my town AMA
Former male sex worker AMA
I created a second personality a few years ago and it made me do a lot of dumb stuff. AMA.
I use Reddit, Instagram, and Facebook AMA
I use Reddit, Instagram, and Facebook
Coronavirus Live updates - Australia
I nearly got kidnapped. AMA!
I'm a normal Austrian, 15/m, coronavirus broken out nearby. AMA
Spanish Chemical Engineer working on wastewater depuration and bioplastics production - AMA
I had a pregnancy scare today. AMA
I am Australian AMA
My life has improved immeasurably as a consequence it suffering chronic mental health issues for 6 years. AMA
I hate my wife and beat her and the kids. AMA
reincarnation as a balance in nature
ive never trusted anyone in my life, AMA
I have aphantasia, so I cannot visualise images in my head. Ask me anything!
Made my account on the extra day in a leap year AMA
It's my cake day! Ama.
i live in Australia and im surprised that we dont have more cases of the coronavirus as we are so close to the Asian countries
I work for Team Knowhow (Currys PC World) AMA
I've worked retail for over half a year now and still haven't had any bad customers. AMA
I got enrolled in therapy on Friday this week (yesterday). ama i guess
I am part of bike life ask me anything
born and raised in Alaska, AMA
Currently making a trip from my partners place to mine to grab a condom for our first time doing it, AMA
Today (febuary 29th) is my birthday
Hello, i have DID (Dissociative Identity Disorder) since my 9 years old, AMA
i am 11 and just had my first shave
I'm currently hiding in my bedroom 'cos the rest of my student flat is having a party I wasn't invited to. AMA
Im high on DXM and feel like a robot AMA
I'm 35f and with my husband, a disabled vet, for 18 years. Three kiddos, one trans, one a cancer survivor with lingering health issues, one a total spitfire. My husband and I both deal with serious autoimmune disease. But we're all pretty damn happy. Ask me anything.
Canadian drug addict living on a reservation. AMA
I'm a Normal lad and i'm very bored .
I am from Ohio AMA
Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer are both my 9th cousins.... AMA
I live in South Africa
I am Chinese, and I live in China. 1 month ago, I came back to my hometown to enjoy the Spring Festival. But the COVID-19 made me self-isolation at home, I stayed at home a full month! Luckily, I am not infected. And now, I get out and start to work. AMA!
I’m 16 AMA
I grew up in Old Money family who left China around 1910s. AMA
i am a Bronie ama
I'm a bronie
My school musical just finished closing night, AMA
I'm a Fortnite player. AMA.
I just gave head for the first time. AMA
I used to be a sex educator for planned parenthood, AMA
I’m drunk and stinky ask me anything
AMA I am a female.
I don't like garlic bread. AMA.
I just had a sudden nosebleed for no reason AMA
I’m a mixologist, AMA.
I’m on the way to Cry Baby bridge against my will with my cousin and my sister. To help me calm down, AMA
Ask Karen Anything
I have just beaten my psychological anxiety and physical back/neck/upper arm pain with microdose of MDMA and dancing, all that completely on my own. AMA.
Seeking AMAZING questions that gets the mind wondering. AMA
I've had a perianal abscess on my right butt cheek which had to be surgically removed, AMA.
I'm Turkish. AMA
My gf can’t hang at the bar. AMA!
I am an asexual person that really wants an relationship AMA
I ask too many questions and desire your knowledge. AMA
I caught a cold and the flu at the same time ama
I’m blue! AMA!
My friend calls me a trap AMA
I am in a relationship with someone 15 yrs my senior AMA
I don’t grow armpit hair AMA
My mother died of cancer when I was five years old. AMA
I am a proud member of the KKK AMA
My birthday is on February 29th! (Leap Day) AMA!!
The McDonald's near me has an ice cream machine that works. AMA!
I like Cavetown AMA
Im 15 and about to become a mom! AMA
I have cough variant asthma. Ama
I’m a 21y F supervisor at a US tourist town Starbucks. My 4 year anniversary with them Is coming up. AMA
19F I wanna fuck a horse. AMA!
Hello! I am what you humans call an alien. I live in a planet currently undiscovered by humans that orbits the Alpha Centauri. Don't worry, I'm here on Earth right now, so you won't have to wait for four years for my answer. AMA
I have a weird mind. AMA.
The one time I ever went to Sea World, I was evacuated after 20 minutes due to a massive fire near the whale tank. AMA.
Ask a question and I will only answer with Song lyrics AMA
I choose to use this username on almost every main social media account I have just to realize that it belongs to a mattress company. Ama
Hello, I am what you Earthly beings would call an "Alien". I live in a planet orbiting Alpha Centauri that human telescopes haven't picked up on. AMA
Just read a book called the psychopath test and realized I’m truly a psychopath.....AMA
Just nutchecked my BF and he hit me back. AMA
Staying up all night guarding my sleeping drunk husband AMA
I have Tinnitus, AMA.
I’m a girl (straight) ask me anything you’re too scared to ask a girl in person
I have several forms of Synesthesia, AMA
I think president trump is the best president of my lifetime, ama!
Guy from Belgium 25
When I feel depressed or suicidal my sexual hAbits get bad. AMA
I experienced cyber sexual harassment at 14 even though I’ve convinced my parents that I’m aware a year before it happened. Ama
I’m bored. AMA and then change your questions to make me look like an asshole
I got sexted on by a 17 year old who was claiming to be 15 when I was 14?
I let my son’s friend fuck me AMA
I'm feeling depressed an suicidal, ama
My mom is homophobic. Ama
I am a bored middle schooler,and I used to get bouts of panic from social situations almost everyday.However,I am doing a lot better now,but I still am not fully over it.AMA,I just wanna talk to some people
I am a 14-year-old who is obsessed with geography. AMA (demographics, where is ____).
I work at a outlet thift store ama.
I am depriving my own sleep in fear of tommorow. Ama
I have been shorting (buying puts) on the stock market for the last 6 trading days. AMA
I’m nodding (high) on heroin right now, AMA
AMA! Then edit your post to make me look like a horrible human being
I let 3 different people borrow my pencils today and they all returned it. AMA
I’m a 6’7 300lb 23 year old man that just got done crying my eyes out for no reason ama
I'm not officially diagnosed but I show the vast majority of the symptoms for Antisocial disorder. AMA
I (14) found my crush (20) parents house address, phone number, all social medias in the family and their occupations AMA!
I was born on February 29 AMA
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job, ama!
I'm an hourly worker and my sock keeps slipping half way down my foot AMA
BJ for money ! (Ottawa) AMA!
Cant have more kids
Comment a random word and I'll answer with a question that can use your comment as an answer
I’m jamming out in my car drunk to house and EDM (not driving) AMA!
I've been described by several people as a 28 year old boomer ama
I’m a recluse AMA
Just ask me.
I have epilepsy, ask me anything
I own exotic pets. AMA
I'm 17 and unvaccinated AMA
I work at an exotic animal hospital AMA
If you let a monkey into you're house, he's going to break all your stuff and shit on the floor. AMA
I’m 21ftm, have been on testosterone since 19. AMA
My sister was just doing a 1000 dot dot-to-dot puzzle. She asked me to guess the number she was on and I got it right AMA
I drink blood and live as a vampire - AMA
I work Security at an outdoor amusement park, ask me anything!
Opposite of OCD AMA
I know a furry deviant artist (AMA)
I was a student at Columbine high school on April 20th 1999 AMA
I got formally engaged to my now husband when I was only 14. AMA
I’m a ‘regular’ heterosexual guy in a relationship, but I’m also an internet cross dresser with a fetish for satin and dressing like a bimbo. AMA.
Sex Addict Husband
I (18M, soon to be 19) am considering stoping drinking for good, even though I'm still young, so AMA!
I can't find my scrunchie, AMA.
I’m a young female living in Saudi Arabia, AMA
I’m in an area effected by corona virus also working in a store which sells food stuff so I’m seeing purely first talon of people prepping AMA
I got married today under unusual circumstances. AMA.
I’m on MDMA/Ecstasy Ask Me Anything
I know who runs the world. AMA
Corona virus just reached my country. AMA.
I made 1K karma in the span of a day AMA (joke post pls don’t ban me)
13M, wrote a suicide note and chose my suicide method. AMA!
Kid peed right next to me on a bus. AMA!
Studying child care ama
I study Jewish Power, AMA
im agnostic and bisexual at a catholic girl's high school. AMA :)
I just dropped my phone into a toilet of my own diarrhea...AMA.
my dad beliefs in Steven Seagal - AMA!
I am a Speech-Language Pathologist with ADHD. Ask me anything.
AMA about the future of work and technology - I'm Jalen and I am currently spearheading Miami DEVCON 2020
I did not inhale. AMA.
I am bored AMA
My parents are first Cousins AMA
I´ve just ran my first 5km ever AMA!
I am a minority (gamer), shitposter, and a dad. AMA
I ate breakfast in the Wendy's dining room this morning. Ask me anything.
im moroccan , muslim , 19yo AMA
I prefer to poop in public bathrooms, AMA.
AMA request: Moderators of Reddit, what do you get from all this?
Pizza delivery driver for about 2Years AMA
When I turned 10 my parents sent me to live at an all boys boarding school, AMA.
I believe I'm turning insane. AMA.
I am living in Italy and currently have corona virus. Ask me anything!
I am dairy intolerant and today I ate a lot of dairy products. AmA!
I fly to Japan in 30 hours... I have a cold. Ama?
Nothing wrong with keeping the mexicans locked in cages
I've been diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes 10 years ago. AMA
I can’t think of a fancy title. I’m high. AMA.
I went to the planet Skrah (the aliens or creatures there call it), AMA
My dad forces his vegan diet on his dog, AMA
Feeling suicidal. Cut myself. Have anxiety and depression. Life sucks right now. AMA
I was a Mormon for 16 years (atheist now) AMA
I work from home for a national Medical Insurance company in the US. AMA
I'm living in Lebanon, where we closed schools and universities because of the Corona virus. ama
Hello AMA, we are Jacques Pinto and Ronan Thibaudau, co Founders of Pixello and are here to talk about our 3D body scanning technology and how we aim to transform you into a 3D model or even a 3D avatar to be played in games without breaking the bank!
My brother and I both have epilepsy, from chance.
I need karma ama
I am a zoophile AMA
I am tipsy [F19] AMA
My brother has Asperger syndrome, AMA
At school. AMA.
I’m an atheist in Turkey. Ask me anything.
Luka Dončić will have a better career than LeBron James. AMA.
I tried to pee like a dog. AMA
18 y old guy here and I'm bored so... thought of answering anything no matter how personal. AMA
my new girlfriend started her period today. AMA
I won't answer you questions,AMA
I am allergic to myself and have random reactions up to anaphylactic shocks. AMA
Why are there so many trolls on the ama
Just For Kicks: I am 200+ IQ, ask me anything (not questioning my IQ)
I Have The World Record Fir The Longest Held Poop (15 Days) Ask Me Anything
AMA and after i respond, edit your comment to make me look like a psychopath
I’m 12 on my throwaway AMA
I currently skipping class and hiding, AMA
Im a sociopath. AMA.
i am Belgian, AMA
I’m a blue hedgehog, AMA!
I’m a human, AMA!
I once milked my cat
AMA and I'll reply with one of my random Google searches!
Ask Proctorio Anything
I'm nonbinary and live in a home full of trans people. AMA.
I'm just some random guy. AMA and I'll give you an honest response. Go nuts.
In my personal opinion, gay men just havnt met the right woman yet ama
I’m a 23F married to a 46F. AMA
I create dancing tiktoks for a living AMA
I’m the bad type might seduce your dad type.
I just paid off 20k in credit card debt in 7 months AMA
I’m a best selling local author. My name is John Refina. I wrote a book called Refina’s Mind.
It's my Cake Day, AMA.
I’m 22 and have used a wheelchair my whole life. I love answering questions, no matter how dumb they are! AMA.
I will answer any question in one word
My neck hurts like an abused child, ama
I’m finally happy with my life, AMA
I had a friend who faked his suicide, his best friend recorded my reaction, and sent it to the whole school - AMA.
I got from poor to rich in just a year. I suffered my whole life, AMA!
I've fostered too many lil doggos to count! AMA
I have 80 diopters of myopia in each eye. AMA
19 year old kissless virgin. AMA
Im 19, and I've been a janitor/maintenance/dayporter for the past 8 years. AMA
I was admitted to two psychiatric hospitals in less than 4 months, AMA.
I am in a relationship with my dad, AMA
30k feet above the ground for a couple hours, AMA!
I'm a human (AMA)
You can play me a song with guitar in it and I will almost instantly be able to play it. AMA
i just told my best friend i have a crush on them in a paper airplane made out of a post-it note, AMA
I believe that people (including parents) shouldn’t teach/raise their kids on basis of religion, Ama
To my knowledge I don't experience emotions. AMA
I’m a virgin with weird kinks. AMA?
I work in the woodshop at college and have two hours left of my shift. AMA
I was born on the floor of my living room. AMA!
I was caught with edibles at the age of 14 and had to attend to go to court and probation AMA!
I have 76k subscribers. AMA!
I own 11 guns, AMA
AMA REQUEST: The guys who pulled off the Max Headroom signal hijacking in November of 1987.
I've been with my high school sweetheart for 12 years. AMA.
I have a rare type of Duane Syndrome, that only about 10 percent of cases have. AMA!
I truly believe I’m an evil/very bad person AMA
I was falsely charged with manslaughter at the age of 12 and escaped jail twice at 13 and 14, I’m now a millionaire AMA
I was never circumcised, AMA.
i’m a massage therapist, AMA!
I have a diaper fetish and have over 200 followers on Twitter just for posting diaper videos and pictures of myself. AMA! [NSFW] [Serious questions only]
I have Exploding Head Syndrome (EHS), ask me anything!
AMA I’ve recently started making porn
I love my orange juice right after brushing my teeth. AMA
I live and grew up in Russia; ask interesting and critical questions. AMA
I'm a Hospital Chaplain Resident. I wanna know people's notions and assumptions. AMA!
Got kicked out of college. Now working in my dream job in the music industry. AMA.
Got dropped out of college. Now working in my dream job in the music industry.
I just argued in the Ohio Supreme Court in favor of free speech in the digital age - AMA!
In 3 hours, myself and a few other Flat Earth Society members will be release a weather balloon equipped with a camera to record the upper realms of Earth's atmosphere. Our intent is to prove that the Earth IS NOT ROUND. Today, we fly into history! AMA!
I just gave up on my music career. AMA
I totally just got busted by another dude checking out this beautiful girl's ass as she walked in the parking lot. AMA!
I'm a crossdresser who dates lonely older men, AMA
Im allergic to chocolate AMA
I'm a Constitutional Lawyer - AMA!
Guess my number, I delete my account. AMA
i'm a ftm athiest in saudi arabia. AMA
I left my car keys inside my car three times. AMA
I’m a 22 year old man abstaining from sex until marriage. Ask me anything.
I’m 16, was clinically diagnosed with MDD and GAD 6 years ago. I was raped at 14 and I have attempted suicide 3 times. I also have severe tremors. AMA!
I am skipping school right now AMA
Have been in a coma and experienced an NDE because of TBI
I am chronically ill (congenital heart disease) with a pacemaker, ama
I`m a cat person,AMA
AMA, then edit your question so my reply doesn't make any sense
[Request] Someone whos been infected by the Corona Virus
I started colleting coins from change two years ago,AMA
I have studied at a rather high ranking all girls catholic school for 9 years. AMA!
My best friend forced an open relationship onto her boyfriend to have sex with me. AMA
AMA and I'll respond with portions of text files I found on my computer
It`s me,your neighbour,AMA
I showed up early to class and have time to kill. AMA
I work professionally as an accent coach. AMA!
Recovering/relapsed drug/alcohol addict whose been through rehab and sober living ama
I detect the N-Word, AMA
I always pick Pepsi before Coca Cola,AMA
I just crashed the car I’ve had for 22 days. AMA
I always pick Pepsi before Coke,AMA
I always pick Pepsi befire Coke,AMA
I am a sociopath 32[M] AMA
Tax Firm in Ohio USA AMA
Bored in class AMA.
I just got an Orchiopexy, AMA
My grandpa told me secrets from his past work and I can’t say it bus he would get in trouble but I think on the internet this is safe AMA
I’m still dependent at 26 and will be for quite some more time. This is a major part of why I’m forever alone. AMA!
I used to have waist length hair, about a year ago I decided to cut so short that it barely comes to my chin, AMA
Im a conservative swede AMA.
I've had suicidal thoughts recently. AMA.
My mom died on november so AMA. Im also gay so ask away
I’m 32 and going back to school, AMA!
I have mykophobia (fear of mushrooms)
HOT STUFF ! Used Briefs
I just beat my meat
I’m a member of the illuminati. Ask me anything.
I have a semi uncommon fetish, AMA.
How would I get a silver?
Columbine is an obsession of mine, but im not a killer. AMA
I did not have sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky. AMA.
I watched a movie every day for 6 years. AMA.
I'm uninteresting and desperate for attention AMA
I'm a Singaporean Student AMA
I'm laying in bed on Friday night not doing anything. AMA
3 of my family are assassins AMA
In 2 hours I'm going to therapy for the first time AMA
I am 24 Indian male, relatively close to Indian capital where riots have broken around AMA
I am kinda an anarchist AMA
I think onision is a national treasure, ama
I don't care about politics at all AMA
Half family Muslim, half Christian. I am an Atheist
I'm 22 years old and still a virgin. AMA
I am a Muslim teenager, AMA!
I don’t wear a mask when out in public AMA
I am a lad that, due to what I can only assume to be something along the lines of social anxiety, has a tendency to speak in an excessively formal way, sometimes even unironically and unintentionally using old english. AMA
I am a Muslim teenager AMA
I’m in love with my friend and she doesn’t know AMA
Nothing Special. I'm from Turkey. Ask me anything about the country and It's people.
My ex girlfriend casually took a piss on my foot in the shower and acted like that wasn’t insane. AMA.
I am a fanfiction reader and writer who’s willing to answer any sort of fanfiction related questions AMA
I've overdosed on LSA, AMA
My whole immediate family are anti-vax, I've recently 'de-converted' AMA
I'm GAY
I (17f) am a detransitioned female, AMA
Writing music for school - AMA!
I think Billie Eyelash is overrated AMA
Finally 15
I am the corona virus and i have feelings too. ama
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I am a minor that has a tendency to use wording and vocabulary that seems reminiscent of a sentence that has been Thesaurusized both in writing and in speech. AMA
I got kicked out the house.
I want to do the AMA: have you been the subject of vitriolic internet harassment, as how did you handle it?
I (f21) can't finish, ama.
Is it okay with men staring at my feet?
I Almost Drowned in a Pool When I Was 5. AMA.
I'm a music producer who can play piano by ear at age 16. AMA.
Just broke the news to my mom I am doing porn now. AMA
Iam a guy who posts full nudes with face to NSFW Sub-Reddits, AMA.
I will answer your questions as if I am a helicopter parent AMA
I’ve just dreamt that I was Kylie Jenner’s closest worker and friend.
Turning 15 on March 7th AMA
i’m on hold with the suicide hotline, AMA !
Ask me a question in only emojis, and I’ll reply only in emojis. 🅰️Ⓜ️🅰️
I’m an eBay seller with nearly 1000 listings. AMA!
I'm 16 and I just got fired from my first job because I sent someone to the hospital. AMA!
I became a professional gamer at age 6 AMA
I have Chromesthesia, a condition that makes me think of music in color. AMA!
I’m 13 and I suffer from Raynaud’s Phenomenon, AMA
E-5 A year out of the military, tripled my salary. AMA.
I think I killed 'God' and remade the Universe in January? AMA
I wear a male chastity cage and paint my nails. AMA
AMA and then edit your comment to make me look like a jerk.
I clean out and fix up shitty houses for a living....
It's midnight, I get a fat paycheck tomorrow that I'm spending entirely on my car, and I'm a college student. AMA!
Thoughts?
I have 140 IQ, AMA
I've been homeless for 2 weeks now in Toronto... AMA
I have a crazy sexual history with exploring fetishes with my partners. AMA!
I just came out as genderfluid, AMA
I dumped my bf of 3 years ama
I have 140 QI AMA
I am working on destroying the Bloomberg campaign from within. AMA!
Im a Middle Eastern arab ama.
I'm a Human with functioning organs, AMA!
I'm going to bed now, I'll answer when I get up. AMA.
I am a random 7th grader, I am a pretty average person all in all and people think I have mental issules. AMA.
In the army, it’s wack AMA
I’m a 21yo female minesite worker, in the middle of the desert with 180 males for 4 weeks at a time. AMA!
This is the train guy, if you would like to see the photos of my X-rays
I have Tourette’s syndrome, but not the stereotypical kind, ask me anything
My country is stuck in quarantine AMA
I am 13 yay ask me anything
I was adopted by a single mom who was/is a minister. AMA
Last year I moved from Kuala Lumpur, MY to Illinois. AMA!
I watched my toddler die of cancer. AMA
I am mentally disabled with autism, ADHD, severe general anxiety, chronic depression, and my entire extended family is disabled either mentally or physically (22 still living). AMA
I have OSDD-1b, aka “Multiple Personality Disorder”, AMA!
I have Cold Idiopathic Urticaria AMA
i’m a manager at Arby’s. AMA
I've had severe OCD for the past few years, AMA
I use Reddit AMA
I’m almost 16 and moved to the U.S from Poland when I was 8 AMA
I've had severe OCD for the past few years, AMA
I am a teenager with no future ama
I have a phobia of peas. AMA
I am a very stereotypical looking bisexual girl. AMA
I’m 12 AMA
I'm born in a leap day Feb 29th! AMA
Im an 6th grader on Reddit and my parents don’t know. AMA
I survived 9/11
Just threw up in my mouth AMA
Why does my Liver hurt every time I drink? Twice a day I booze it up on the Cap'n Morg'ns and consistently - without fail - my liver area starts up the old sharp shooting pains across my thorax. Been at it for 19 years now and just can't put my finger on it. Any advice welcomed
I used to be a raging nymphomaniac along with my ex. It ruined a lot of things in my life. AMA
I was a CNA for 4 years and now I’m a behavior technician ama
I Have Dissociative Identity Disorder, AMA
I just got banned from one of the flat earth subs. Ama
It’s my cake day AMA
I can't do anything more for you. You've drunk the proverbial kool aid, the cyanide has taken effect and you're in the middle of the jungle two days journey from the nearest hospital. AMA
I live in Indiana AMA
I'm a biofeedback therapist in an inpatient psychiatric center
AMA I’m bored and my classmates are being racist AMA
Retired at 23, AMA
Just did ten pull ups in a row AMA
I am 16 and have been put in behavioural health hospitals ("mental hospitals") 6 times. AMA!
I accidentally took fentanyl and survived. AMA
I’m Australian
I’m recovering in a wheelchair ama
I’m a transgender MtF, AMA! Nothings off limits. :)
I will answer your questions by asking you another question. Ask me anything
I am an alcoholic who is sober since 4/12/13 AMA.
I work for an Asset Protection Consulting Company that analyzes trends and techniques used in retail &amp; restaurant theft and offers training to combat loss. AMA!
i work at a psych ward. AMA!
I’m one of my hosts personalities, I can’t use my left arm. AMA.
I am a LGBTQ persom who is middle if the road politically , while living in a conservative area, AMA
I have minor short term memory loss, AMA
I’m a youth trans guy, AMA!
i have a small spectre of autism ama
I burned myself really bad being a dumbass AMA
I'm a DL (Diaper Lover), AMA!
Just got out of a 5yr relationship where they’d been cheating on me for 3years of it ama
I was a bully in school. AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first) AMA
I’ve had a constant headache since November 17. AMA
My dad almost murdered me and I'm drunk! AMA.
My brother (6m) just hit his head and started bleeding for the 3rd time in his life AMA
I’m [18M] a high school senior in a 3-way [MFF] relationship, AMA
Gay sex with step brother AMA
I’m homophobic AMA
I just text 4:20 to my work group text with both my full time supervisor and manager in it. AMA
I got completely owned by an 81 year old man during my chemotherapy treatment AMA
I [23f] am a (voluntary) sex slave. AMA
I have not had a mike Bloomberg ad play before my YouTube videos start for 3 weeks and counting AMA
AMA, I have a golden shower kink.
i'm bored, AMA!
There's 15 confirmed cases of dengue in my city, 1/4 of them endemic
Ask me anything
Ask me some questions while im on the treadmill AMA
I'm voting for trump this november, ama
I’m 14 and have MDD. AMA
I’m a middle school student, AMA
I murdered my abusive parents. AMA.
I live in SoCal, AMA
I survived an attempted murder at age 13. AMA.
I was waiting for like 8 months to make an AMA on my cake day. Today is 1 day after my cake day and this is my first AMA, AMA!
Despite being 57, and driving almost daily for 40 years, I’ve never once seen a person in another car singing along with the same radio to a station I was also listening to. Now with Pandora, Sirius, and Spotify, I fear I never will. AMA
My ex girlfriend broke up with me in Paris on February 14th and then become lesbian AMA
I’m a stereotypical “edgy” teen girl and I will answer your questions as if you’re my mom who barged Into my room uninvited and unannounced to ask them. AMA!
I sometimes dream that I'm a piece of a machine that can't fit right in it. AMA
Just took edibles 17 minutes ago for the first time, usually takes 30 mins to an hour to kick in, I’ll answer both sober and high, AMA
I'm 19 and my hair is starting to become grey. AMA
I’m brutally honest. Ask my anything.
I will disagree with anything you say. AMA
I am an incompetent college student who plays blackjack to pay the bills. AMA
College student who made $2000 in two days of stock trading. AMA
My Mom passed away 5 years ago and my Dad has struggled with Acoholism since. AMA (m17)
Celibate gay confused non practising muslim about to go into an arranged marriage in Canada. AMA.
I'm a 6'4 18 year old girl who works at Baskin Robbins AMA
We are Latte and Count, best internet friends who live in different states! Ask us anything!
I’m bored rn ama
I will type with my eyes closed! AMA!
I'm a degenerate gambling who loss all my savings before going on a trip ama
I’m a Turkish teenager who is in the rush of the Collage Exam. AMA.
I've figured out the plan of the Democratic Party and the socialists/progressives who now control it which is to establish a permanent Democratic majority. I've figured out how they're going to do it and what they're going to do when they achieve it. Not the party of JFK anymore. AMA
I'm a 12 year old student in the U.S. AMA.
I was in a go-kart crash in middle school which was so severe my injury list doesn't fit in the title. Read description for full list. AMA!
I teach in a school district where the median home value is $1.4 million. AMA
I don't cry when people I know die, AMA
Feeling very down again after doing so well for a while. Ama
At 16, I am the youngest person at my eSports venue
I [18M] am dating two girls [18F/18F] at once, AMA
I study seals from space (yes, really), and I'm about to go to Antarctica for the 1st time to get up, close and personal with my Antarctic ice seals. AMA
I study seals from space (yes, really), and will be going to Antarctica for the 1st time to get up, close and personal with my Antarctic ice seals. AMA
I'm a teenager. AMA
I had survived the Coronavirus (Covid19), and had been quarantined for 2 weeks. AMA!
I am an otr truck driver currently wrapping up my first year as a full time online student. AMA about online school, trucking, travel, or life!
I am the Sonic movie's old Sonic design. AMA
I feel empty
Genuinely considering committing suicide. AMA
I survived open heart surgery, from two holes in my heart when I was thee months old AMA!
I just got banned from r/sonicthehedghog after my first post. AMA
My parents are anti-vaxx. AMA!
I’m studying biotech! AMA - Molecules, your body, virus’, bacteria etc.
I was hit by a train on dec 6th 2018, so it’s been a little over a year.... ama!
I’m gay AMA
My grandparents are/were from germany and and had to flee most of their childhood. Also my great grandfather was a german soldier who was needed to spy on the russians, since he was one of a few who spoke Russian. AMA
Im 24f in a relationship with a 34 year age gap, he is 58m. AMA!
I bullied someone to the point where they seriously considered suicide
I am a Furry, having been in the community for a several years and still going, ask me anything
I just got outed by a friend without my consent AMA!
I don't have depression &amp; anxiety. AMA
Corona just arrived at my country AMA
I had an abortion back in December AMA
My country is sorrunded by countries with corona-virus pacients. AMA
3rd world redditor, AMA
I am a solar salesman (in the US, more specifically California) and there is a lot of misinformation about solar and a lot of sketchy salesman. AMA!
I have 2 thought levels and I can think about 2 things at the same time, AMA
I'm a sociopath that hates humanity, AMA.
I got diagnosed with bipolar disorder. AMA
I'm from the most population declining country in the EU. AMA
Corona virus
a psychiatrist called me a "physiological anomaly." AMA
Anybody that has had the coronavirus and has been diagnosed all clear done an AMA yet? Would be interested to hear what it was like
I exist, AMA
My dog just stole the cat poo out of the cats litter tray AMA
I just got banned from r/subredditDrama last week. AMA!
I'm a printed circuit board designer/engineer, AMA!
I'm from Slovakia. AMA
AMA: I just got banned from r/subredditDrama a week ago
Dropped out of school in year 10 and now (4 years later) successfully run my own business. AMA
My mom is an anti-vaxxer. I am not. AMA.
I asked my crush out and she said yes AMA
Got news this week that my dog has less than 6 months left to live. We are heartbroken. AMA
I'm a babyfur, AMA!
AMA I’ve recently started making porn
I went to church ama
At the age of 10, I was sent to a British boarding school, where I lived most the time until I turned 18. I was born in Spain, and all my family lives in Spain. AMA
Just finished giving blood, AMA
Just finished giving, AMA
My childhood bully died as a young teenager to the "what you reap you sow" phenomenon. AMA
My laptop can't even handle Minecraft, AMA
I've only been to two US states, which are Alaska and Florida. AMA
I just smoked weed ama
I'm a schizophrenic woman. AMA!
I am the Senate ama
Todays my 21st birthday 21M. I didnt celebrate it and not really into celebrating it(i like being alone), but family from all over the world flew in yesterday to stay the weekend and celebrate my birthday . AMA
Im 15 and going bald. AMA
I have been hit by a bus. AMA
I’m a teen mom and managed to graduate high school a year early AMA
I am autistic. AMA! (Could take longer to answer, i am on mobile)
I'm a schizophrenic woman. AMA!
On a k-1 visa and have about 69 days to marry the girl I fell in love with at 17. Going to do another AMA since I am stuck home bored rn
A girl in my class killed herself
Struggling 19yo College student but figuring it out. AMA!
I’m an introvert AMA
I'm translating and editing posts on Reddit for Russian YouTube videos. AMA
I live in the netherlands AMA
Much of my time since Halloween has been spent surrounded by hordes of small children, AMA
Debating on selling nudes for money (19f). AMA
I almost drove a girl to suicide once, and she claims she got PTSD. AMA
I work in a dying department store, AMA
Slept with 50-60 people. I'm super kinky.
What are some good responses to “If you don’t want Oil/Coal” then turn off your heater/AC”?
I was reported to the police as a threat to society by a friend of a friend that ended in me being locked in a mental ward and going to court to banned from guns AMA
I live in a country where 2cases of the Corona virus are comfirmed AMA
I just fucked up a fist bump, AMA
I am a member of the Illuminati, ask me anything
My name is John Refina! Local Best Selling Author! I wrote Refina's Mind!
I don't know what I want you guys to ask me but I know I want to answer some questions. AMA
I am a naturist resort employee during summer, AMA
I'm God. AMA
I live in Canada and the snow is up to my knees AMA
My Father is a 4 Year veteran who fought in the ex yugoslavia war, ama i will ask him and respond.
I am a liar. AMA!
I work at a doggy daycare, AMA
I am a gay Furry (m/24) with a fiance (m/22) AMA
20 year old, lesbian. I've cheated in every relationship I've had. I've slept with people other than my crush who liked me back. AMA. Won't be offended
Apart of a 13 person start up that was bought by a Billion dollar company, AMA
I am an 19yo M Moroccan who just dropped from college .. AMA
today is the anniversary of me being evicted from my mom's womb. [M16] ama
I’m an Airborne Combat Medic. AMA
I have been diagnosed with clinical depression, mild Asperger’s syndrome (now qualified as ASD), and ADHD. AMA!
I'm a local author who has gained recognization and minor fame for my book "Refina's Mind". The book talks about the journey to the center of one's mind.
My area's got water rationing. Ama
I use Reddit, AMA!
Married young (22m/20f) after an accidental text message and 4 months of dating while I was in the army. Still together 10 years later. AMA
I have a terrible case of obsessive-compulsive disorder's harm/intrusive thoughts. AMA
I am not gay
[F20] Abusive step dad, manipulative mum, raped by older sister, groomed by a pedophile. AMA. I won't be offended.
My other Reddit account was banned AMA
I couldn’t get hard when I was about to loose my virginity to my high school crush AMA
I have had severe Toxic Mold Exposure, West Nile Virus, Depression, and Anxiety. AMA.
Umm I Love Skateboarding 😎
I had a colonoscopy yesterday, AMA
I’m a courtroom sketch artist AMA
i used to work at goodwill AMA
I have shot coke up my vein AMA
Im almost completely drunk and it’s not even 5 pm where I am. AMA
I am 13 years old AMA
(AMA) Physicist from Brazil
I'm part of the DDLG community AMA
My last name is Lemon (LeMon, Le Mon). And throughout my life I’ve always been told that “joke” that my last name is a fruit and why I’m always so “sour”. AMA
I'm your average 18yo boy. AMA.
I have 8 half siblings I never knew about until I was an adult AMA
I take anti-depressants to avoid wet dreams. AMA!
I can solve rubik's cube AMA
PART 5: I’m a quarantined Diamond Princess passengers who was repatriated to the USA. I’m quarantined for a further 14 days at Lackland Air Force Base. AMA!
I have Aphantasia it doesn’t let me “picture” anything in my head AMA
I am an Anarchist, AMA
I was shot in the eye with an airsoft gun when I was in elementary school. AMA.
My girl friend let me touch her snatch box last night. AMA
Hello, I am male, 6"10 , Neanderthal, 175lbs who lived through the ice age. Ask me anything!
I do almost no work because of my cleverness and manipulation. AMA
I'm a 15-year-old lesbian with major daddy issues, dating a 20-year-old. AMA
I have aphantasia. AMA
I am an A&amp;R Manager at one the biggest Music Publisher in the World. AMA.
Im From A Third World Country Thats Called Argentina And It Sucks, AMA!
I’ve watched the idubbbz full force video 9 times AMA
I’m from and live in India. AMA
I've been posting almost daily for many years and I still only have 1380 karma. Ask me anything!
“Gay” but chose to be “straight”. AMA.
I’ve officially been involuntarily celibate for 5 years and I’m not an incel. AMA
I'm from San Luis Potosí
I broke my finger yesterday. AMA
I am the son of a ex drug dealer AMA
AMA I am the son of a ex drug dealer
I’m Sonic The Hedgehog! AMA
I’m a Security Guard at a Hospital AMA! (Will not violate hipa) (I’m all around the hospital ER, ICU, Pallative care, etc.)
I've been homeschooled my whole life.
I'm taking a shit while I'm meant to be working ama
I don't have school because of the shitty weather. AMA
I'm just a nigga with a rocket launcher. AMA
I'm writing a book with a friend if mine. AMA
I’m from South Korea. AMA
F[18] Currently very bored bc i’m sick AMA
I'm from Brazil. AMA.
Our understanding of dinosaurs is wrong. The didn't live millions of years ago but in fact co-existed with humans. Dinosaurs were what we know as dragons. There is no scientific proof they existed millions of years ago. AMA
I doubt what kind of work I want to do when I grow up. My current ideas are: train driver and game artist (specifically pixel art) mainly. AMA!
I am a french speaking teacher and touring musician / producer who lives in Switzerland. AMA
I dont have Coronavirus, AMA
My girlfriend broke up with me 20 minutes ago AMA
I broke my new tv in less than 3 days after getting it AMA
I have 45 half-siblings across the country born with the same sperm donor as me. AMA!
I used to go to an all black school. AMA
just lost my anal virginity! AMA
I’m a boring 20 year old college student. AMA
I'm a piece of shit AMA
I Murdered Hitler with his own Pistol AMA
I'm an actor AMA
I'm voting for trump in novemeber ama
I was a Child Actor in the early 2000's and I was molested by a Big Hollywood Actor AMA
I have an autistic brother, AMA
I was a Child Actor in the early 2000's and I was molested by a Big Hollywood Actor AMA
My family survived the Chinese massacre in Indonesia back in May 1998. AMA!
I’m a Jehovah’s Witness. AMA
I'm a Muslim, ask me anything about rumours you've heard about my religion. :)
Stuck in a boring conference call..
I am enlisting to the IDF (israel defense forces) in less than 2 months, AMA
I think I realized I'm just working to get hi AMA
E
15 and a necrophiliac AMA
I play 5 musical instruments. AMA
17f - Interview a czech Teenager!
My girlfriend is quarantined for corona virus. I'm waiting for the doctor to show up and test me, AMA.
I’ve seen things. AMA
My thoughts are mostly unsymbolized AMA
I have never been Rickrolled AMA
I’m perfectly normal. AMA
I am a Dutch KFC employee, ask me anything!
People who are bilingual or are fluent in multiple languages, what language is your internal monologue in?
AMA but you're my step sibling
I accidentally caught my tits on fire trying to light a cigarette over a bonfire. AMA
I am an internet nobody that does nothing useful. Also this is my first reddit post. AMA.
I have Extreme ligyrophobia wich means i am extremely afraid of unexpected sounds. Im 13 and go to middle school. AMA
I'm from Finland. AMA
I finally stopped my anxiety.
I use cum as a face mask, ama!
I'm a black South African, AMA
I use cum as a face mask, ama!
I am a son of two middle school teachers AMA
I use the wrong there/your on purpose.AMA!
I attend a $25,000 per year private school. Many interesting things happening. AMA
I am a growler/guitarist in a Metal band in a country where music is considered “haram” (prohibited by religious law). Ask me anything!
Laying in bed while my ex fiance and one of my best friends cuddle in the same room AMA
I’m a proud Duterte Supporter. AMA
My mom just said she’s gonna call cps on a fellow churchgoer, ama
I am currently in cell and molecular biology course Ama!
I’m a straight, white, male. AMA
I recently beat Coronavirus. AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first ) AMA
I'm South African, I traveled Southern Africa as a child and am now a qualified field guide, teaching about the natural environment and getting ready for our trip through Zimbabwe and Mozambique. AMA
I’m a trans dude, 1 Year on T. AMA!
I’m planning on committing suicide tonight AMA
I am a hacker, ask me anything.
I’m a Jehovah Witness, AMA
I just took NyQuil for an awful cold, and I feel pretty funky. AMA
I am from germany. AMA!
I'm vibing to the tune of my existential crisis. AMA!
I'm australian ama
I Talk to Ghosts AMA
My bf has a shitting kink and I have a golden shower kink. He pees on me and lets me pee on him because he knows I like it, but I refuse to shit on him because I think it’s too much. He’s upset. AITA?
I breed &amp; train horses while managing an animal shelter. AMA
I’m a straight A student, AMA
PART 5: I’m a quarantined Diamond Princess passengers who was repatriated to the USA. I’m quarantined for a further 14 days at Lackland Air Force Base. AMA!
I slept with Harvey Weinstein consensually 3 weeks ago. AMA.
My neighbor living below me died yesterday, AMA
I am asexual AMA
I am an activist who gets harassed, insulted, attacked, and threatened for speaking out against sexism, violence against women, and racism in society. AMA
I’ve died in my dreams a few times and vividly remember the experience, AMA...
It’s my cake day! Ask me anything
I’m that one kid that everyone thinks is gay but isn’t gay, AMA
Im a Kentucky coal miner with 15 years of experiance. AMA!
Letters, numbers, and words have their own colors and textures. I taste sound. AMA
I was 270 two years ago. I’m now 210 and have lost 60 pounds. AMA.
I have ADHD and can't fucking concentrate on the very important class i'm in, AMA!
I am a commuting university student...AMA
i'm a furry ama
I am a commutting college student...AMA :)
I eat my period blood AMA
I'm adopted, AMA
New account. Already like the r/roastme but I need more karma to comment...
I am a real Muslim. AMA.
I'm a 15 year old cosplayer, AMA
i'm about to beat this one kid's ass, AMA
My family owns 7 fast food restaurants.
I gave Zalinki a reddit account AMA
I tried tea mixed with water mixed with toothpaste mixed with soap. AMA
Staying Up Late Even Though I Have a 9am Class Tomorrow AMA
If you guess my favorite movie with only yes/no questions, I will delete my account
I have a toxic family. AMA.
I've been to a psychiatrist a few times before in drug rehab. He basically said I was a weirdo and that my antisocial behavior was not normal and probably not healthy, but he never mentioned anything about being a fucking psychopath. AMA
I’m an 18 year old trans guy. AMA
Im 15 and going bold. AMA
I'm a far left liberal but I support Trump - AMA
Maybe depressed teenager
I'm a mute
I’m 19 and losing my virginity to an escort AMA
Currently headed home from a cruise on the Carnical Sunrise, the ship of the fated "poop cruise" incident of 2013. AMA
20f, AMA and I'll hit this blunt and answer
I've had sleep paralisys and derealization since I was a child AMA
I’m an 11 yr old with Tourette’s and ocd. AMA
I (25/F) broke off an engagement. AMA
I am 19 y. old and today i realized that my mother was a STRIPPER and in her work, she met my father. AMA.
I had a hydrocelectomy and vasectomy yesterday. AMA.
All my friends are incels. I'm a F. AMA.
I’ve been at the Canadian pipeline protest for the past 2 weeks ask me anything
Just tired
Part 4! I was quarantined aboard the Diamond Princess, took a repatriation flight to Texas, and am now quarantined at Lackland AFB. AMA!
I spent almost of year to save up and move to NYC after graduation (mid Dec), once I was there I moved home a month later (end Jan). Currently unemployed, living at moms. AMA
I was taking a shower and some pervert came in with me. AMA
I visited the Playboy Mansion &amp; met &amp; talked with Hugh Hefner. AMA
I am a failed child prodigy. AMA.
I work for Wendy’s, AMA
I am a fail child prodigy. AMA.
I’m a person trying to get his discord raided. AMA
I have a twin
I have emetophobia. AMA
I'm a police officer, former county jailer and state corrections officer, AMA
I have stopped banging Chinese escorts, perusing Chinese massage parlors, and eating Chinese takeout food because of the Wuhan CoronaVirus. AMA!
The United States of America is the moral conscience of the world. AMA
I have endometriosis. I am in pain at about an 8/10 (sometimes better sometimes worse) every day. AMA.
Was in an abusive relationship for 7 years. Got out almost 2 years ago. AMA.
I am a childhood cancer survivor! I was bullied a lot because of it. AMA (English or French)
I’m a US student studying abroad in Italy right now, AMA
I fell like I'm constantly being watched by my friends/family even when I'm alone AMA
I’m a League of Legends tryhard with S8 Grandmaster, S9 Challenger, and S10 Master so far. AMA
At this current moment, I am completely satisfied with my life. AMA
Im a college(military) mascot. AMA
got broken up with, suspended, and told i was worthless by my mom all in the same day. AMA
I detect the N-Word, AMA
I can artificially create biological responses/feelings AMA
trans guy who recently got a hrt prescription, ama about the process
I am alone and drunk AMA :)
I am a senior complaints specialist (Finance, retail and education). Ama
I eat my own shit AMA
Part 4: Quarantined aboard the Diamond Princess —&gt; Lackland AFB. AMA!
I survived the 22nd of July 2011 terror at Utøya, Norway and then later the terror attack in Stockholm on the 7th of April 2017, Sweden. AMA
I just had the worst sex of my life. AMA.
I’m just an average typical teenager,just trying to get through life.AMA
I was named "Most Likely to be Assassinated" by my college radio friends in the early 90s. AMA
im Bored and pansexual AMA
I bite icecream AMA.
I am a Hazara, originally from Central Afghanistan. Ask me anything!
I'm a religious Jew, AMA
I’m going to sleep. AMA (and I’ll answer when I wake up tomorrow)
my cat just had kittens AMA
Read my about sentence
I’m one of the most eligible bachelors of Australia, AMA
Paid Internet Friend/girlfriend
I was diagnosed with anorexia at fifteen and spend six weeks in the hospital. AMA
(29 m) and from the uk. Switch. Feel free to AMA
I've been feeling really depressed recently, AMA
I'm a artists as a hobby (AMA)
I am a 29 year old I.V heroin addict been using 12 years AMA
I was a child model - AMA
I'm an actor. AMA!
I have a very an incredibly low self esteem. Ama
An atheist in Kurdistan, AMA
My friend is a simp, AMA lmao
I give advices I don’t follow. Ama
I watched a movie every day for 6 years. AMA
I am an artist. Ama
I am "the trench coat kid" at my school. AMA!
[NSFW] I'm a 16 year old male with a sex addiction. Ask me anything. (Help also)
AMA and I'll find offense
I HAVE. S W I P E D. T H E. B O O K. AMA
I’m an artsy. Ama
i am waiting for my friends class to end so i can take her home afterwards so im sitting in the hallway for 3hrs now. AMA
I am "the trench coat kid" at my school. AMA!
I am a Psychopath (Aspd) Ask me Anything
I'm a muslim and i won't get offended. Ask Away!
I just had my latest microsuction, AMA!
I'm 31 years old, and in the waiting room at a dentist's office--possibly the first time in my life. AMA!
My name is Chance. Ama
I am still a middle class suburban white teenager just less sad, ask me anything.
Might be in love with a girl who is not my current girlfriend. AMA
I'm a serious Traumatic Brain Injury survivor and today is the anniversary of my accident, AMA!
This is my nsfw furry account (AMA)
Hi everyone. I've made a series of mistakes and have been poisoned by my own country. I have less than a couple days to live. Feel free to ask me whatever question tickles your fancy. About my life. Spying for private investigators without a license. And reporting criminals and spies along the way.
If there's one thing I learned in community college it's this: If you can't see it, it can't hurt you. You don't have to wash your hands after you use the bathroom and you don't need vaccinations. AMA
I am a tech support rep for one of the largest credit card processors in the world, AMA
AMA and then edit your comment to make me look like a psychopath.
I'm a swedish, middle class 13:yo boy in a good school. I'm probably one of the least oppressed groups in the world. I couldn't imagine anyone would be able to make a racist comment or similar against me, AMA
All Girls
&gt; 10 years living with raging alcoholic. AMA
I'm in a polyamous relationship ama
Just had a surgery to fix my breathing (septoplasty and turbinate reduction). AMA!
My parents are going through a divorce and I am the only sibling that knows about this, AMA
My school was almost shot up today AMA
I’m a Construction Inspector in a Major U.S City
I foster cats and kittens. AMA
I am Voice of Mirage. AMA
I was just apart of the Oath of enlistment from the space station AMA
I had a threesome with my daughter and her husband while she was trying to get pregnant AMA
I'm a traffic warden - and I love my job
I created the worst resume ever and publicly submitted it to Google. AMA
Manager of security co(m)pany ama
Its my cake day! AMA!!
I just lost my virginity, AMA
I experience sleep paralysis at least once a week. AMA!
I've seen a ball lighting, ama
I’m British and studying GCSEs- AMA!
I'm a help desk data migration expert | AMA
I am a 25 year old male to female transgender woman. AMA
I was just diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, AMA
I have had the classic "Come home early from work and walk in on you spouse cheating" happen to me. AMA
I'm a furry with a sfw and nsfw account (AMA)
I was homeless, lesbian couple in NYC. AMA
Displaced by war. AMA
I’m a furry, ask me anything lol
I am a Masters student and studying Msc Business Analytics: Operational Research and Risks Analysis in a prestigious Business School. Ask me anything.
I’m a valedictorian but cheated my way through high school. AMA.
I’m not an anime girl, AMA
I live in Delaware AMA
If you could choose 1 superpower, what would you choose and why?
Millennial with a real job, no college degree, no formal education or training. Able to put a healthy portion of my earnings into retirement funds, don’t need public assistance on anything in my life, married, kid on the way with 2 dogs and we built our own first house with no help from anybody. AMA
I got married, in secret, at 18. We split up less than a year later. Finally divorced at 21. My family still have no idea we were even married. AMA.
I live in an ex-communist country in Eastern Europe. AMA
29 foot fetish ama
I dont have a microwave. AMA.
I'm a student car mechanic. And worked on lots of different cars. AMA
Just reached 5k karma.AMA
I use people, AMA
you have to guess which country I am from. AMA
Ask me anything and will reply with the most evil response I can think of
I am a bored person that is 19 AMA
My mom is an anti-vax flat earther extremely religious conspiracy believer.
I just discovered that my gf was cheating on me. AMA
professional stalker, doing it for fun AMA
I'm a 'white person' from the Middle East and is fluent in 7 languages and I'm diagnosed with multiple mental disorders, but am nevertheless socially competent and I'm tomorrow applying for a highly competitive international higher education program. AMA!
I'm a character performer for 2 popular franchise based theme parks (NOT DISNEY) AMA
23F boded AMA
I play for my college's esports team, and the game I play is dying. AMA
I'm a transguy in high school. Ask me anything.
I take first dates to local Mexican joint and get drunk on cheap tequila/mezcal. AMA
I was hit my a truck. AMA
I eat in the bathroom at school, AMA
Everyone in my immediate family, including myself, has been diagnosed with some sort of mental illness. AMA!
I Was In China During The Coronavirus Outbreak
A very social extravert suffering from selective mutism
Yesterday I didn’t get an interview for my dream job. AMA.
I'm colour blind. AMA.
I currently live in a sober living house for women AMA
Had encountered two psychics, successfully blocked them from reading my mind. AMA
I believe the black man Obama did 9/11
Hello so I’ve recently just turned 22 and I’ve lived in 2/3 different countries and 6 different cities AMA
I'm on karate class. AMA.
I sort by new AMA
I'm working on breaking a world record.AMA
I’m a business analyst that delivers solutions. AMA
I have an alt Reddit account I use for trolling AMA
I’m attracted to men but choose to live a “straight” lifestyle. AMA.
I am a mortgage banker (In NYC) that provides funding for people to refinance and purchase homes. I speacilize in first time home buyers so please AMA about buying your home and what you need to do to start owning a home today.
I have autism AMA
AMA student in Hong Kong
I have hearing aids at 14. AMA!
I’m a video game beta tester and a musician. AMA!
I farted now i have no social life
I am a Coronavirus Expert. AMA
I got half day exclusion for standing up against a bully.
I score high on sociopathy tests but I'm not a sociopath. I have empathy for animals but I don't have a problem with America's bombing of Japan in WWII for example. I've never been in love and can't understand people's need to be in a relationship. I mostly hang by myself and never get lonely. AMA
I'm a rising YouTuber on YouTube! AMA
4A Games AMA
I have cynophobia AMA
I just got a job at Chuck E. Cheese. Ama
My country just got the first cases of people with the corona virus. AMA
5 years ago today, I held my mother's hand in our living room, and watched her take her last breath. AMA.
My favorite movie is Heathers
I am a feminist who agrees that the man on the viral video punching the seat of the woman reclining on the plane was being violent and displaying toxic masculinity. She had the right to recline. AMA
I am fat, balding and overweight. My gf is fit, hot and rich. AMA
I believe Peppa the Pig did 9/11. Ask me anything.
My dad owns a muilti-Million dollar interior designing company, he wants to pass it down to me and my oldest brother. AMA
Turned in my bachelors thesis today. AMA
I hate the shows Friends and the Office. AMA.
I'm a homeless Belgian guy in Sweden AMA!
Ask me anything you want
I am a narcissist. AMA.
I'm a member of a Shadowy Organisation working on a Covert intelligence operation. AMA.
AMA and the edit your question to make my reply seem extremely offensive to others.
I have the stomach bug and I have to stay home, AMA.
Rare health condition ama
I’m an openly atheist female in a Muslim-dominated country. AMA
I'm 26 &amp; been ghosted after having first kiss. AMA.
I am living in a motel AMA
My dads a bodybuilder. AMA
I haven’t left my house for a 9 months now AMA.
Look through my post history and give me a rating AMA
I've studied Data science, Philosophy and Quantum physics for 4 years without understanding anything. Yesterday I bumped into a car with my head and then I understood them all. AMA!
I've studied Data Science, philosophy and quantum physics for 4 years without understanding anything. Yesterday I bumped into a car with my head and then I understood them all. AMA!
I am a 28 year old NEET and I have been for close to a decade now.
I eat food. AMA
My mum took me to two separate exorcisms AMA
I am a professional shitposter AMA
I've been ghosted after having my first kiss. AMA.
I can find a good side to anything. AMA
I'm an x american living in a socialist country like Sanders wants to create. Ama
I'm from Switzerland, AMA
I’m bored as hell ama
I have Aphantasia AMA
AMA Request: one of Bloomberg’s paid audience members.
I just friendzoned my FWB this morning, and she wasn't happy about it (slapped me in the face). AMA!
I live in Edinburgh, Scotland ask me anything.
I am a guy who plays in PC a lot and would like to answer some questions. AMA
I am a TV editor and work on prime time TV programmes in the UK. AMA!
I’m an aspiring author trying to write a pocket guide to creativity. As part of it, I want to do a FAQ to see what people struggle with in that regard. AMA!
I am an antisemite, AMA
AMA and I will give you horrible answers
I am Yehuda Lindell, cryptographer (&amp; CEO); ask me anything!
I’m a teenage schizophrenic AMA
People never take me seriously because "you're so cute!". I'm in year 9. AMA.
I'm from Buenos Aires, Argentina. AMA!
I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety at twelve AMA
I’ve been homeschooled for 7 years, AMA
I live in China and my city is one of the most infected. AMA.
My town just got hit with corona so we have been suggested that we stay at home AMA
I live in one of the smallest countries on Earth which also has 18 official religions, one of the highest levels of corruption and a huge war history. AMA
I'm studying abroad for a year in Hiroshima, Japan. AMA!
I'm allergic to lipstick, all types of nuts, dust and fruit skin. AMA
HELP I HAVE AIR STUCK IN BOTH OF MY EARS THIS IS WHAT HELL IS LIKE
HELP I HAVE AIR STUCK IN BOTH OF MY HEARS, ITS KILLING ME SOFTLY
Currently at work, AMA?
I have to delete this account i create months ago because i want to change name AMA
I just dropped Uni, lost job and heard that it isn't gonna work out. AMA
Today My cakeday. AMA
I am immune to the effects of caffeine. AMA
I'm a 20 yo in a 4 year relationship. AMA
I am sadistic AMA !
I just drank a coffee. AMA
Just want someone to talk to, distract me from everything. AMA
I am Italian, I live in Veneto. Ama
I'm rarely on reddit. AMA
Are we alone?
2 months and 4 days on Reddit with 6 karma! How does it work? 2mon + 4days= 6krm?? Some body tell me something.
My ex was petite (75 lbs) AMA
I'm overweight and starting to lose weight. AMA
I’m drunk AMA
I'm voting for trump in 2020 ama
I'm on my own at work today. Once in a blue moon it works out that all my bosses are out in the same day. What shall i do ;) AMA
Grew up in an extremely haunted house, went hand in hand with the divorce, abuse, became a heroin addict musician at 17, mom killed by drunk driver, bought said haunted house, and LIFE IS GREAT. No sarcasm. Ask me anything!
I’m Australian, AMA
I’ll attempt to give you advice, AMA
Manhattan Undying
I have autism AMA
13 year old with ADHD, anxiety, and depression. AMA
I’m a stoner who’s allergic to weed - AMA
I’m allergic to weed!
I’ll give you the worst possible advice... AMA
AMA: David Mandelstam, Chief Product Officer at MuseScore — free open-source notation editor &amp; sheet music catalog
I am a teacher and I suck at my job. AMA
I’m a teacher who were not sure about being a teacher and now I suck at my job. AMA
Straight married dude who appreciates a nice dick. Ask me anything!
I am a Genius Bar employee at an Apple Store, ask me anything!
mr bean follows me on ig, AMA
Ran out of work a month ago, saved some money so its more like vacation.
I've never, ever, witnessed a ghost or UFO. AMA
I have a 9 year-long Minecraft world in my mind, and it helped me immensely. AMA
Studying in Italy and don't know if at any moment my program will be cancelled or the city locked down because of the coronavirus, and the stores are out of masks and hand sanitizer. AMA!
My penis has a hole in it 𝐀𝐌𝐀
I just got sterilised and had a NovaSendometrial ablation yesterday (update to 'I am a childfree woman getting sterilised tomorrow (bilateral salpingectomy + endometrial ablation)'. AMA
Autistic savant understood the ins and outs of relationships and love life. AMA.
Corona virus has reached my country, and all schools and unis in my city got a month holiday while I'm locked up indoors forced to study. AMA
I am a counselor/therapist-in-training. AMA.
I can vomit on command
I have had derealization/depersonalization disorder for 9 years straight. AMA.
My house just burned down. AMA
I am a feminist who agrees that the man on the viral video punching the seat of the woman reclining on the plane was being violent and displaying toxic masculinity. She had the right to recline. AMA
Some goons tried kidnapping me by texting me come out with your hands up while they were in the house today AMA
I am child welfare/foster care worker. AMA!
It’s been almost a year now since I went to inpatient for a suicide attempt and it’s just been stuck on my mind, AMA
Im a bi-sexual 14 year old
I live in one of the grimiest and most dangerous projects in Brooklyn. AMA.
I have a random one. I am a round earther. Flat earthers, AMA
Getting the last surgery tomorrow in a decade-long journey to perfect teeth, AMA.
I was abused by my sister and have now been diagnosed with CPTSD. I'm unlikely to ever be off medication and have chronic injuries as a result of the abuse. AMA
I have Asperger’s, an IQ of 152 and work as a data scientist. AMA.
I’ve changed my own front brakes for the first time 4 days ago. AMA
38 y/o F: 12 hours out of my 2nd PBTB ACL reconstruction &amp; meniscus repair. Distract me from the pain, AMA!
I almost ran a pedestrian over in a 3 lane road. AMA.
I’m a Caucasian girl that grew up in Tokyo Japan, AMA.
I used to be an autistic savant. Is it not interesting enough or do I need to tell you to AMA?
I'm from Greece, ask me anything.
I'm the son of a man who runs a national charity to all poor people, and he wants to pass down the company to me. AMA!
I recently broke my left wrist and it's going to be casted for ten weeks, AMA!
I have super sever anxiety and the littlest of things can trigger an attack, or can cause me to be nervous. AMA
Just spent an hour on a comment, accidentally deleted in a second. AMA.
Mental health issues Warrior! AMA :)
I have misophonia AMA!
I am spiritually gifted and have extraordinary intuition. AMA.
So explain to me why it’s not a bad idea to off yourself?
I, am a division 1 athlete, I don’t know if that interests you at all, but AMA.
I live in a haunted house ama
I am in the top 1% of IQ. (AMA)
I’m 14 and I have hearing aids. AMA!
I left my religion over a year ago. AMA
I have Hearing Aids at 14 years old! AMA!
I’m a philosophy major with some thoughts due by Thursday. AMA.
I’m a 16 year old male from a moderately well off family ($10-15 million net worth) who goes to a 45k a year private school. I essentially live in a socio-economic bubble. Ask me anything
My friends need help
22F and 22M, We are FWBs, AMA
My wife’s boyfriends fingers are so long he tied me up with them AMA
Stuck in an Epilepsy Monitoring Unit for a week. AMA
I'm the lead chair in my highschool band and we have our first concert season contest tomorrow in which I have a solo! AMA!
I have bad advice on many things. AMA
I'm Atracted to Woman that bodybuild and I am trying to get back into bodybuilding soon also .AMA.
I'm a major procrastinator. AMA!
I walk on the balls of my feet 24/7 AMA
I lived in Greece for the first 16 years of my life, now I live in Belgium, AMA!
Drunk with a friend rn AMA :) 19F
I'm a super drunk citizen of the United States, ask me anything.
I’m pansexual. AMA
I am visiting the east cost for the first time in my life, AMA
I spent two years researching lie-detector technology. AMA
Today is also my cake day! AMA :)
I’m 25 and have no idea what career I want (or can) get into. AMA
Just ask me something, I'm bored
It's my cake day and I didnt realize until just now, so I have nothing prepared. AMA about my time here and I'll give you an outrageous lie
I'm 13 and went to a mental hospital twice, AMA
I’m a second semester high school senior. AMA
Both of my best friends are my exs AMA
I’m pretty sure I have aphantasia AMA
I'm a Finnish upper secondary school student. AMA
I am a pedophile. [AMA]
I am the eldest in a family with 7 (step)brothers. All male all testosterone. AMA.
Today is my cake day. AMA.
Last year I helped 25+ non-technical undergrads get full-time jobs at tech companies and made $50k doing it. AMA
Back on reddit after 8 months without the app. AMA
My Project64 emulator's rom list has Doom 64 next to Tigger's Hunny Hunt. AMA
I dont care about school anymore ama
I have planned to commit suicide at 4 AM tomorrow morning, AMA.
I'm a biromantic asexual, AMA!
First ever post on Reddit, ask away
Was released from jail this morning. AMA
20f, drunk af, AMA! Ask some intrusive shit I'm answering
I’m part of the 0.06% of the worlds wealthiest AMA
I think I have taken the largest shit ever, but have accidentaly flushed. AMA
I'm a very picky eater. AMA
I am a graffiti writer ama!
Canadian cell tower climber/telecommunications rigger, ama
Today is my cake day. Ama
40 F avoiding a anxiety attack Help!!
[Serious] I’m a MUSLIM. ask me ANYTHING
I have been diagnosed with level 1 autism AMA
I got a member of the LGBTQ community to trip and fall over a wine display inside of a liquor store today. They made that freak pay for it! AMA!
School health officer - AMA!
AMA
I am a school principal. Grades K-8. AMA
I just got back from a service trip in Costa Rica where I was disconnected from the internet for 10 days. AMA.
25 years Age Difference
My family is (and therefor I am) responsible for the death, murder, rape, torture and worse of thousands of people. Including Muslims, Christians and Jews. And I am drunk enough to talk about it. So AMA before I fall asleep.
I am a member of the social democratic party in germany for 6 Years (I am 21) AMA
I will solve all your problems, or try to !
I’m a 17 year old Irish girl, AMA !!
I'm on the Spectrum, ask me anything
North Italian 15 y/o boy who lives near the red area and blocked home due to covid-19. Ask me Anything
I'm a 14 year old American girl. AMA
I broke a bone in my foot yesterday AMA
drunk asf
I go to the "alternative" school. Ask me anthing
I work at rockstar games AMA
I working an sexrobot. Ask questions.
I secretly crossdress but I'm fully straight ama
I’m bored so I’m just using my phone. AMA
I am a racist, AMA!
I'm currently in the epicenter of the Covid-19 (coronavirus) outbreak in Europe. AMA
Random girl from Croatia, AMA
I am sad. AMA
One Of My BFF'S is a influencer with over 200K followers, AMA
I am a freelancer, AMA
I'm a very empathetic woman (happily) married to a narcissist with sociopathic tendencies for 5+ years. AMA.
I grew up with a drug addict (Father) Ask me Anything!
Im in middle school ask me anything
Just ended a relationship- shaped mess, and I'm trying to distract myself, so AMA!
I’m one week into working out and eating better trying to lose 60-70 lbs. AMA!
I identify as non-binary - AMA
I am one of the few people who study heavy industrial forge in Europe, AMA !
I like to help others with their problems to distract me from mine. AMA!
I speak 4 languages, have travelled in more than 50 countries in all continents (except Antarctica) and have had conversations with people from all ways of life. From millionaires to homeless methheads. AMA.
I’m a 20 year old (M) from Switzerland and I‘m extremely bored. AMA.
Girl dating for now 5 months is sleeping with her ex right now. She doesn’t know I know.
Im a suidjjdjddj
AMA and I'll HAVE to answer it no matter what
I am a 21 year old homeless woman in downtown Portland, OR. AMA
85 year old rich man paid off my college loan and in return he just wanted to touch my boobs and butt. AMA
Ask Me Anything You Want!
I’m addicted to online giveaways, free stuff, and have won over $10k in prizes since I was ~15 years old. AMA.
I was born on February 29th!!! AMA!
I’m 25 and suffer from, Developmental co-ordination disorder (DCD) or Dyspraxia. AMA
I'm an Iranian who is quarantined because of Coronavirus (not affected yet). Our deputy health minister is affected with Coronavirus and people are afraid AF. Ask me anything.
I'm severely crushing on one of my best friends AMA
i'm in a family that supports Trump, AMA
I figured out that pizza hut is actually god
I am a programmer AMA
I live in North Lombardy, right in the middle of the Alpine coronavirus outbreak. AMA!
I caught my fentanyl addicted sister having sex with a drug dealer in my house while staying with me. AMA
I have had reddit for 69 days! Ask me anything!
Im a girl with a fat fetish for both genders (attracted to both) AMA
Im a rock, metal, and grunge musician. AMA!
Social media marketing expert and CEO of a marketing agency. AMA
I was a drug addict for several years (Dilaudid, Heroin etc). People always ask how much did you do per day and my answer is the same as any other addict's: as much as I could afford. I wouldn't recommend junk unless you're independently wealthy because if you like it, you WILL get addicted. AMA
I am a Polish primary school student (8th grade) AMA
I grew up in an Anti-Vaxxer family. AMA
I started my 2019 Christmas list in January of that year, and it got to a length of 3 double-sided college-ruled sheets of paper before I had to send it to Santa. AMA
I AM a Polish primery school student AMA
I am an in my early 20's and have (somewhat) recently won the lottery - AMA .
Today was my first day in my new job. AMA.
I got a (non weighted) 3.74 GPA out of my undergraduate program, and that's all I have... AMA.
I went through the whole education system without knowing how to multiply regularly. (I used lattice my whole life) AMA!
I am a police officer on the streets of London. AMA.
I am the quiet kid in school AMA.
I have been obsessed with Minecraft, Portal, Windows, Macs, Wiis, everything Microsoft, everything Google, and everything Nintendo. Now I'm obsessed with Mario (Mario Maker for the 3DS, specifically). AMA
16 year old male from Scotland in high school ask me anything!!!!
I’m a 15 year old drug addict AMA!
At work and they don't want me to do my job...
I'm the oldest of 5 kids AMA
I'm in my second semester of international marketing
I am a muslim currently in Saudi Arabia. AMA
my boyfriend is a pyromaniac. AMA
I work in a Cinema. AMA!
I am a child of rape, AMA
Me and my fiancee have 62 days to get married. We thought an AMA would be fun. So AUA (ask us anything)
I have PTSD and am working myself out of a dark place. AMA
I am an American student studying abroad in Italy, the country with the biggest case of coronavirus outside of Asia. AMA.
I am normal human, AMA
I’m 15 and I’m from Scotland, AMA
I am a scat fetishist in Finland, (male) AMA
I am a 20 yr old who has had 5 girlfriends. Longest 6 mo, shortest 1 mo.
What are some necessities you may need if the coronavirus comes to your city or town?
I have a concussion and I’m bored AMA
I am a Flat Earther
Its my cake day today. AMA!
I'm a furry and do other things.(AMA)
Early Graduation
I’m diagnosed bipolar 1 and OCD, have insomnia, an eating disorder, scoliosis, was a drug addict at 15 (now clean), and my parents are divorced step-siblings. AMA
I'm a flemish separatist (nationalist). AMA
I have a very rare psychiatric disorder called dissociative fugue. Ask me anything.
Just got back to school after being in a mental facility, AMA !
I'm voting for trump this november ama
I’m deathly allergic to meat AMA
I have an illness called MCAS. AMA about me, the illness or the service dog
On my way to a psychologist appointment, AMA
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal AMA
Random Guy AMA
I live in the "yellow zone", just outside the quarantine zone, in Northern Italy (province of Pavia), and during the last days I've seen in foreign media lots of half-truths about the situation. For obvious reasons I've tried to gather reliable information, and since I'm bored, I'm here on Reddit!
I just held a snake for the first time, AMA!
I am an Ex Amphetamine Addict that married my dealer after we both got sober, AMA
I’m a cat and I just traveled to Europe from the US for the first time! Ask me anything!
I have diabetes, AMA
HS introvert turned extrovert later in life. For Myer’s Briggs buffs; INFJ - ENFP. AMA
I'm an overthinking, socially anxious extrovert. AMA
I am probably the most popular kid at my school, AMA
I know several exotic car owners, AMA
NSFW what was the weirdest sex thing you were really excited to try?
I'm a hs senior who's been homeschooled her whole life, AMA
I work for Enterprise - Rent- A -Car AMA
I am a 15 year old who has not jacked off once in his life, AMA.
(F) My mom is 48 and diagnosed with alzheimers, my brother and I are the primary caregivers. AMA
I live in Britain, England. AMA
I Live in a very corrupted Country, AMA
My mother was diagnosed with ASPD and I have had a hard life because of that and other stuff. AMA~
Ask me a yes or no question if I say no I delete my account
[Game Thread]"Napoli vs Barcelona" liVe StreaMs-reddit
On Thursday I’m taking part in an ultimate endurance race, and fulfilling a dream. AMA.
![Official/StReaMs]! "Bayern Munich vs Chelsea" liVe StreaMs-reddit
On Sunday evening, I predicted Monday's stock market crash. AMA
I'm An Eclectic Pagan, AMA!
AmA request current rockstar game employee
I have the coronavirus, AMA
I Hacked the simulation AMA
I am a Patrol Officer (Cop) in the Las Vegas Valley. AMA.
I attempted suicide and nobody noticed AMA
AMA and I will respond with something that belongs in a quote.
I (16m) got slapped by a classmate (16f). AMA
Im a new reddit user with around 16 hours of reddit account time. AMA.
I just got permanently banned from AskReddit AMA
I am adding a ton of cadbury creme eggs to my amazon shopping cart right now AMA
I am jake from State Farm AMA
Hey guys, I go to medical school in Brazil, I’m in my second year AMA (in case you actually have any questions)
My memory is terrible except when it comes to random fun facts where it is oddly almost photographic, AMA
I am a man with and ( autism spectrum disorder) depression anxiety sickness and insomnia ask me why thing
I live in Egypt, AMA
I'm a loser ama
I’m getting sued at 14. AMA
I’m homeless and work three jobs. AMA.
I'm an Nazi, AMA
I am probably the most popular kid at my school AMA
I am demisexual. AMA
I believe all people are really hamsters wearing disguises.
31F. Home from work with a three year old. Older kid's at school. Husband's out of town. Engage me. AMA.
Gimme a word and I’ll make it into a jojo reference part 2
I have previously been convicted of multiple counts of fraud via Credit Cards bought on the dark web, AMA!
People who are good at math, how?
I have 4 passports (legally)! AMA
My (48M) GF (46) has breast implants and yes, they are spectacular. AMA
Diagnosed with early-onset schizophrenia, DID and Autism. AMA.
I am a self supporting (f53) artist who makes a living with art. AMA
I lived the whole war in Syria AMA
My Grandmother passed away today AMA
Just found out I'm incapable of empathy, AMA
I just made the most amazing salad and now can't stop eating it. AMA
So the coronavirus has just spreaded to my area via the local airport. That airport is a two minute drive away. AMA
I'm a 13-time suicide attempt survivor, ask me anything.
(M) I’ve got a urinal infection resulting in extreme pain in the kindeys. 104 Fahrenheit (40 Celsius) fever. Eating antibiotics and drifting in and out of sleep... AMA
I'm q member of a german fraternity that duels with Sharp blades. AMA
Ever had any questions about one of the largest retail pet stores in the US? Now is your chance to get some answers!
I'm a printed circuit board designer/engineer, AMA!
I've been impaled before and my friend told me I should make an AMA about it.
Ate a moldy fry from McDonalds, now I’m missing work. AMA
I have autism and I'm now a first year College Student. AMA
I used to play naked with my friend in the woods when I was 13. AMA
22F with chronic pain- issues with spine, muscles, tendons, and nerves for 4 years. AMA!
I [22F] had a bilateral breast reduction surgery in December 2019, AMA.
I have an IQ over 130. AMA
I fucked an Italian girl AMA
I started a new pro choice subreddit
Ask me something stupid then edit your question so my answer seems smart
I suffer with depression and anxiety!
My gf is acting like a 20 year old child, AMA
I (32M) go over to strangers homes to strip naked, get spanked, give BJs for free. AMA
My gf is acting like a 20yr old child
I like BBC and I'm a nigger, AMA.
My mother is 24 years old and i'm 13 years old. AMA
I have been sexually and physically abused by my biological father, biological mother, one of her boyfriends, and my step-father. The abuse spans over 18 years. AMA
My [19M] teacher [45F] raped me last year when I was a senior in high school. AMA.
I have synesthesia, AMA!
I’m really good at Beat Saber
AMA; Kids at my school found out I had my medication, created a fake snap post claiming I was selling my medication. I was kicked out of the school and starting school this week. They attempted to press charges but did not succeed.
I have saved a total of 3 random toddlers from being hit by cars in the last year. I am not part of the emergency services, just a normal observant person. AMA
Consumed marijuana for 2 years now daily to feel numb. AMA
Very soon I am going to the police to report a Pedophile who I know. AMA
I will agree with anything you say AMA
Just learned my first song on guitar AMA
15-year-old Bi male, currently single, AMA
I’m extremely shy and i have panic to speak girls to go out or dates. AMA
I have lived in 2 countries, travelled to 30+ AMA
I'm from Bosnia and Herzegovina. AMA
Licensed nurse going into nanny care after 13 years - AMA
I told my crush my feelings for her.
Got caught on scouting weekend with booze and got sent home a bit early and my parents got notified, AMA
I believe I had OCD but no one believed me so I was never taken to a therapist AMA
My both parents are doctors, we live in Poland. I can ask them any question you leave here! If you want to ask me something I would be really happy to answer!
I worked as a stripper for 4 years, Ask me Anything!
I’ve vitiligo on almost 80% of my body. AMA
My Mother Molested Me When I Was 6 AMA
Bored af at work, there's nothing to do here but wait for customers that are never gonna come in, so ama
GIRLS, WHICH RECEPTIONS FROM PORN DO NOT WORK IN REAL?
Currently tripping on LSD AMA
I am a bored 17yo italian boy, AMA
I am new to Reddit, ask me anything?
I just started a new job at Target a month ago, AMA.
I’m a normal human being AMA
I have bipolar disorder. AMA
I was raised in Uganda (AMA)
I'm a common Russian boy
I'm an 18 year old heterosexual and pedophile.
I just pooped, AMA
I just got permanently banned on AskReddit AMA
It's my birthday AmA
If this gets 35k or a platinum I'm deleting everything ama
What is something you enjoy but not many people understand??
Request current rockstar games employee
I have SEVERE insomnia problems AMA
Hy, i’m an italian guys, I live near Milan, and the areas where coronavirus is present.
I managed a restaurant for 11years that was ran by local mafia that was just a front ( only realized 2years in ). AMA
Autistic younger sibling
I’ve got a sunstroke (so bad that I can’t even move my shoulders) AMA.
I'm a suicidal teenager in an abusive environment and often encounters discrimination of all sorts. AMA
My mother was addicted to crack AMA
I am eating pop tarts and a glazed donut in a bowl of milk as if it were cereal, don't AMA.
I'm having a really shit day from trying to adjust to these anti-schizo pills. AMA.
I just broke my f*cking toe. AMA
AMA: I had a seizure and my fiance called 911 -- instead of an ambulance I got the police and domestic violence charges.
I’ve battled depression almost my entire life. AMA!
Austin younger sibling
I worked for 5 months for Glovo (food and more delivery) AMA
I had a 4.5CM gallstone in my gallbladder, just had it removed today. AMA
Coronavirus in Iran: I am a Foreign Student in Qom
I'm high as fuck AMA
I live in a tiny little dump neighborhood. AMA
I’m an Operations Supervisor for an airline. AMA
I am afraid of glass. AMA
I'm schizophrenic, AMA
Please upvote, bad day. (I'm entitled)
I will be offended by everything you say, AMA
I’m a male high school junior that can’t seem to fall asleep. AMA!
I am 18 and have absolutely no sex drive AMA
I just got hired as a parkour coach! AMA
I am a flat earther. Ask me anything.
I had a dream where I was a Pikachu. AMA
I ate over 150 mini marshmallows in one sitting AMA
I'm about to cry because I'm stressed and can't sleep ama
I faked being gay to get into an all-girls sleepover AMA.
I'm addicted to cigarettes
I just wasted 30min creating a subreddit AMA
I'm a furry and since people seem to hate me for it, AMA lol.
AMA and I will respond in random characters and Fs.
Just saw my roommates ass by accident, AMA.
I’m severely afraid of dentists! AMA
I am a flat earther. No, I do not shove it down people's heads, but explain if they want. AMA!
In my city, as long as you don't stay on the property for police to catch you, you can steal as much as you want from any gas station. I work overnights in one! AMA
I'm a Navajo or native American. Ask me anything.
I used Google Plus as my main social media for 3 years. AMA
27 m bored asf at 5:42 in the morning.. ama
I enjoy pineapple pizza. AMA
I am the daughter of a billionaire, ask me anything
Its my one year cake day AMA
I hate blacks, AMA!
(F20) Ask me some seriously invasive questions :)
I'm a U.S educated Chinese national who came to Southeast Asia during the early phases of "Belt and Road Initiative". AMA and I'll try my best to answer them.
My favorite shape is square, least is triangle, AMA
I was a victim of sexual abuse in the Mormon Church as a child. AMA
Ask me the deep questions you ask yourself.
Survey about your experience with you driving instructor
I'm a Conservative Republican part two AMA
Yeah whatever AMA
i worked on the jeremy kyle show for 5 years ama
Im drunk. AMA and I'll respond like a drunk person
I flipped burgers at Five Guys in college. AMA.
Prosthetic covers, Style, Pride and Affordable!
I won a staring contest against the sun AMA
[18 M] I plan on faking multiple mental illnesses to be institutionalized into a psychiatric hospital, AMA
AMA: just stabbed my self and my dog died
My mother bought 2 houses, both in close-by yet completely different towns, and she is still paying mortgage for the old house. AMA!
I have poor eyesight. AMA
I have no skill at all cooking and have broke my stove turning the thing the wrong way 3 times ama
I’m a law abiding pedophile, AMA.
I write Porn for a living (oversimplified), ask me anything
I have Tourette syndrome AMA
Im 25, have no real friends, a horrible job I can never get out of, no formal education and my mental health is deteriorating to the point my life is on cruise control Ama.
My wife and I teach water survival to everyone aged infant to elderly. AmA!
I hitch hiked from Vermont to Mexico. AMA
I am a former manager for a D1 collegiate women’s basketball program AMA
I’m an American gun owner.
This will NOT be the most upvoted post on r/AMA
Where I live the legal drinking age is 18 - AMA
I've shitposted on reddit too many times to count. Ama
E
My Great Grandfathers Fought Against Each Other in WWII. AMA!
my dad is a disgusting, animal abusing. sexist, homophobic, retarded prick, AMA
i had my first sexual intercourse with an adult female when i was 5 years old.AMA
Hello, I'm very gullible and am the king of self-deception, AMA
I live in a neighbourhood in Seoul with 4 confirmed Coronavirus patients and the hospital is partially shut down. AMA
I hate a certain group of people
AMA
30 y/o male, got setup by a girl and received an axe to the face and throat 14 days ago, survived the operations etc. and am now starting to feel OK again, but missing ~7 or 8 teeth. AMA.
I used to be a furry AMA
I regret apologizing. Ask me anything.
I found my creepy ex uncles YouTube channel. AMA
I have monochromacy (colour blindness that only allows me to see in black and white) AMA
Enchilada Sauce Has Lead To My Toenail Falling Off AMA
Just got engaged (interracial, 25m/22f) AMA
It is not my cake day, AMA.
It's my cake day, AMA
Cake day! AMA!
I am a type one diabetic who wrestles skis, and mountain bikes
I went ghost hunting for my high school grad project AMA
I have 8 reddit followers, AMA
I'm Trans Male &amp; Live With A Middle Eastern Family (AMA)
I'm a [28M] medical student, newly engaged to a family med resident, and a former paramedic. AMA!
I got terminated from YouTube with 65,000 subs AMA
I am a sushi chef with over 15+ years of experience. AMA
Im a middle class american kid bored procrastinating my work (m14) ama
I survived Coronavirus AMA
I am procrastinating homework, please, AMA
F[18] I’ve been raped, emotionally abused and physically abused over many counts in my life and I’m struggling to feel anything anymore AMA.
I'm seeing snow for the first time in eight years! AMA
I'm currently working on the screenplay for my Batman fan film. Ask me anything.
Just finished working on a commission and I'm super proud of it! AMA!
I haven’t socialized in weeks. Ama
I have a headache AMA distract me from pain
18F Moved out an abusive house 6 months ago when I was 17, I know live with my best friends family in a small house with 8 other people. AMA
I’m highly cautious of the food I consume. Ama
Please help me it’s my 20th birthday and I’ve only had 1 phone call and haven’t spoke to anyone except the bartender please give me a reason to live tomorrow
[F 22] Ask me anything you want! I can't wait to hear your slutty/naughty/perverted/sexual questions!!!!!
I have a 9-year long Minecraft world in my mind. AMA
Just finished [34 M] Scotland
My (now-ex) girlfriend used private NSFW pics to humiliate me
I’m about to commit suicide, AMA.
[Request] ama - someone who has worked on a carnival cruise ship
I have 15 cards in my wallet, and only 2 are credit cards. AMA.
I was on a volcano when it erupted, ama
I'm a 19 Year Old (F) Independent Non-Feminist AMA (literally anything, I will answer truthfully)
I am a gay nigger, AMA.
AMA, but for every question I get offended slightly more.
AMA Request Ultrasound Technician
AMA: Muslim Teenager
I work on reception at a busy Emergency Department; AMA.
I'm turning 19 (I'm 18M) tomorrow, work as a camp counselor, and have no reason to actually do any studying for midterms. AMA
I was detained and arrested while studying abroad in China because I was an english teacher AMA
I(24f) Just started dating a police officer(26m) AMA
I’m the same height as Dwayne Johnson (6’5”). AMA!
Saying yes to everything
I ruined my own reputation at my school, and I'm not planning to do anything about it. AMA.
I recently had my first time AMA
I'm an Italian guy living near one of the cities in quarantene because of a Coronavirus outbreak. AMA
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia at age 14. AMA.
I'm a 15 y/o (m) living with Cystic Fibrosis. AMA.
Today is my Birthday. The only people who remembered were my Ex, and some online scammer who's time I've been wasting. AMA.
I lived in Korea, Japan, and the United States AMA
I've always called my dad by his first name - AMA
I always have two opinions for almost everything I do, especially important choices. AMA.
I’m bored AMA
Been a year since I moved out from my toxic marriage with my ex. AMA as I tan lol
March 9th no women moves in México
I'm white and male and in my 50s and I want Trump to die in a f*cking grease fire. AMA!
I'm a highly functioning addict, starting as soon as I wake up, I've gotten high on multiple substances, and heavily drunk everyday for years. I've worked from entry level sales person to low level executive at a large furniture retailer. AMA.
My parents are divorced and I have no idea why. AMA.
When I was a child I used to live in a Mexican city full of narcos. AMA
I'm aromatic, AMA
I just lost my virginity and it was terrible AMA
r/insaneparents ...kind of. My parents insult me a lot. AMA(?
Im Bisexual and don’t know when or how I’ll tell them. AMA
I'm a misanthrope; AMA
I became attached to a parasitic wasp AMA
I'm a furry into RP.
I’m 5 minutes clean off sniffing sharpies
I’m getting phantom notifications on my reddit and am trying to see if they interfere with my actual notifications AMA
I’m a top secret government farmer that grows fruit from an alien planet AMA
I wanna leave upstate New York AMA
Im someone who experienced a 7.8 magnitude earthquake in 43th floor AMA
It’s my birthday and I’m the only person in the nightclub
I recently transitioned to being a full-time Nutrition Coach (mostly online work), I've spent the last 4 years working 1-on-1 with people looking to build muscle, lose body fat, and improve athletic performance. AMA
I have a fool proof plan on being a dictator AMA
I'm a Furry. AMA
i'm in American. ask me anything
I'm only popular because i'm autistic AMA
I have made a public email address where anybody can email me anything (as long as it is appropriate) and I am working on a Documentary where I narrate the emails which I receive. AMA, including for the email address if you want it.
AMA
I’m a 25 year old virgin AMA
I am an advanced lucid dreamer, AMA!!!
I’m a African vegan metalhead. AMA
I’m a Nigerian metalhead. AMA
I have EDS, like Sia, AMA
I’m the asshole that speeds up so you can’t pass me in traffic. AMA
I’m dating a girl [19F] with perfect tits, AMA
I’m the asshole that speeds up so you can’t pass me traffic. AMA
I'm Russian. AMA.
What is something you do/like that's considered only to be liked by older people?
I’m so ugly that I can’t have crushes or fantasies about people without feeling bad for them in the fantasy.
At 16 years old, I am the youngest person at my eSports venue. AMA.
My dad was held at gunpoint and told to get in the trunk of a car in peru
I’m an introvert AMA
I can take any question the wrong day AMA.
2 people at my school got stabbed just now. AMA
i have a pet rock, AMA.
I am a former cult member who was in for 3 years, AMA!
Working 2 jobs, AMA
I have been sexually assaulted by 4 different family members. AMA!
I(13M) have 2 dads aka my dads gay. AMA
I’m asexual, ama
I am a volunteer at a cat rescue in Sweden, AMA
I'm a Fulltime Professional Dominatrix, I'm shooting a SFW VIDEO answering questions, AMA! ♥
I walk slow in grocery stores ama
I’m a diabetic, ama
I’m Irish, ama
I have bipolar disorder AMA
I am a nigga, AMA!
I can’t see from my left ear. AMA
I'm an black hat hacker with over 17 years of experience, AMA.
I have seen 135 Broadway shows and my husband works backstage on Broadway AMA!
My ex girlfriend from 8 years back is telling on Instragram I raped her, AMA
My dad had an affair and had a family on the side, complete with 4 kids, a "wife", and a dog just a few miles down the road. I'm one of the 4 kids. AMA.
I have the ability to pause my life.
I have clinodactyly, AMA
I used to be a NSFW artist, AMA!
I have no depth perception, AMA
Trying to decide if I should take LSD or not AMA
I have Osgood Schlatter disease, AMA.
I'm a middle school kid who got hypnotized in front of my whole school AMA
Ultrasound Technician or Ultrasonographer
I use Reddit. AMA
I’m mildly synesthesic AMA
I’m a closeted trans teen whose known since he was ten, AMA.
i'm choosing my high school courses today AMA
karma?
I'm just bored AMA
I am a HOH/Deaf male. By time I am 65 I can potentially be 100% deaf in both ears. I want to spread awareness for the deaf community about what we experience and how we adapt AMA
I'm a remainer who wants to move to france
I’m a British army military working dog handler AMA
My brother is a cringey fortnite kid. AMA!
I'm weird AMA
I am literally a normal human being but these look fun AMA
I was an intern at the Weinstein Company when the first big story about Harvey broke. AMA
I am a retired Army First Infantry Division (Big Red One) member, AMA.
¬
i’m on my way to college tours. AMA
I’ve lived in Paris, London, and Tokyo. AMA!
For me, every word has a specific texture. AMA!
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal AMA
I am candyflipping at this very moment ! AMA :)
I woke up at 2:40 am there was nothing to do so i jerked off. Not once but twice. Start of a day. Ama
(Serious) Girls of reddit, how would you feel to find out that your bf had scars from self harm earlier in life?
(Serious) Girls of reddit, how would you feel to find out that your bf had scars from self harm earlier in life?
I got blowed off by a Canada Goose ama
i live near a high security prison. AMA
I will get offended by everything you say. AMA
I lost my virginity at 13... AMA!
For every question I get, I'll write the answer in English (my 2nd language) and Brazilian Portuguese (my 1st language). AMA!
AMA REQUEST Rick
I live alone at 17 with no friends AMA!
I was falsely accused of sexual assault. Today is the first day I can legally talk about it. AMA
I'm in a Long Distance Relationship. AMA
Women should be made to shave their underarms everyday. AMA
I’m a fitness addict, who works out 20 hours a week. I bench 550. AMA!
I have been a Bible Quizzer for seven years, and yet I am agnostic. AMA
I went viral on YouTube for publicly embarrassing myself about 4 years ago, AMA
I woke up to a shit that survived the flush from last night, it was shaped like a sword, just wanted to share
Im a ex mastermind AMA
Ask me literally anything and I will answer it truthfully
A man ran over my cat with his car, i hammered the car down until there was no way it could be fixed,and put it on fire. AMA
After carefully monitoring it over the span of years, I believe I feel more happy and fulfilled than an average person, majority of the times. Ask me anything.
Bored on the bus home from work, F23, AMA
16 year old thai female to Male trans man. AMA
My head hurts and I'm sad ama
I’m British AMA
I’m a guy who dreams of getting high with a cat someday. AMA
I work with the Mcdonalds ice cream machine. AMA
I've a friend in depression(Potentially suicidal).
I'm a university student in Belgium. AMA
I have a 5 hour drive AMA!
I'm gay and I live in Russia.AMA
I'm a 16 year old that has been away from society for over 6 years, living in their room only and will very soon pass away because of the physical consequences of this lifestyle. AMA
Change your Question to make my Answer look like an idiot
I am a voice hearer and telepath
What's the worst thing you've said to your parents?
Bored 13 year old ama
It’s my 17th birthday in 17 hrs and 17 mins AMA
Breast Cancer Survivor AMA
I'm a french Canadian AMA
I am diagnosed with bipolar 1, AMA.
Ask a person who've studied homeopathy anything, AMA
I am 18 year old student who is balding and studying law, AMA!
I live in Transylvania AMA
I live in Italy, AMA
I live in my car, ask me anything
My girlfriend found trans porn on my phone ask me anything
Male [14] with bad epilepsy, AMA
I'm on a spontaneous road trip from New York across country for the very first time. First stop is New Orleans. TELL me anything?!
I work at an aquarium with animals. Ask me anything.
I live in a third world country, but I come from a moderate amount of wealth. AMA
I was just diagnosed as a sociopath
AMA: I’m a serial rapist.
I am a teen girl who happens to be a freshmen AMA
Come help me get free stock and you can have some free stock too.
I've shoplifted about $15000 in 16 months while working in theft prevention, AMA
This post will reach 420 upvotes AMA
I've spent four weeks total in the country I was born in, across three trips. AMA
I'm a Chinese Social Democrat/Anarcho-Syndicalist (Leftist) Dissent. AMA.
I’m a Boy Scout. AMA!
I work for Cable News! AMA in regards to the 2020 US Election Coverage
I worked at a group home for men with mental disabilities for a few years AMA
Welfare Officer, AMA
AMA with Yaya Diamond today @ 1pm EST on ykyz.com/c/IAmA
I ate out 50 women AMA
[F23] I’ve been working as an escort for the last two years. I love my job and can’t see myself stopping anytime soon. Ask me anything.
i'm in hospital waiting for the psychiatry team to get back to me about suicidal behaviour. AMA
i'm in hospital waiting for the psychiatry team to grt back to me, AMA
I have finally achieved over 10,000 GBP ask me anything
You can see my Username. AMA
!^~{OfficiaL~/@/~StreaM}!~%~"Liverpool vs West Ham" LiVE sTreaMs-[REDDIT]
I am boring,overweight accountant age 48 and just got my 6th BJ of 2020. AMA
I'm a 16 y.o bored trans teen. AMA
I was born at a very young age. Ask me anything.
I just separated with my wife and plan on getting a divorce, AMA?
I just took a shit and went to lay in bed butt naked. Yes i am the pinnacle of trash, and no i don’t care how you feel about it. Ama
I’m the kid of someone who is in prison for attempted murder. AMA
i am a pan oriented asexual and aromantic (and also very kinky), AMA.
I'm 28 from Texas and have very little money and I'm going to tour places throughout the USA AMA.
I gave out gold to random users for a few hours because I wanted to make people smile AMA!
I turned 21 today, AMA!!!
I have Asperger’s Syndrome. AMA
I’m a SAHM about to join the workforce after 12 years, AMA
I am a 28yr single M and I haven’t had car insurance since 2008 nor have I ever had my cars inspected. AMA
AMA request: someone who was infected with the corona virus
Im a fulltime high fashion model, AMA
I had sleep paralysis for the first time last night. AMA!
im sick as hell, stuck at home and my girlfriend wont respond to my texts ama
Ama with the topic of autism and relationships
I own a minecraft java SoupPvp server that's under development with a small community for the full release AMA
I’m a therapist, coach, yoga teacher, and hypnotherapist. AMA
I sell crystal meth in France! AMA!
I'm a kid with ADHD and OCD AMA
I've voting for trump is this november ama
I will translate your sentece to swedish
I have adhd AMA
I'm the youngest of a VERY rich family AMA
I have too much time on my hands AMA
Might fuck around and put a gun in my mouth later today. AMA
Ask me about Food/Snacks i make
I'm the youngest child of a VERY rich family AMA about what we have what stuff we buy regarding toys/electronics what ever you wanna ask well because its ama so yeah GO CRAZY ALBLAHAHAEU GO STUPID AULHHGAUEWAH
My dad died of lung cancer when I was 11
I have had sex withe my sister for years.
I am a former content moderator. AMA
Canada Geese is the only thing I can think about ama
I am a commercial pilot, AMA!
My uncle just got cleared of coronavirus and told me about it, AMA
I (28M) am vegan, athletes, IT engineer, ADHD HQ, drugs and sex addict
I'm bored. AMA
I'm bisexual a gamer and I'm pretty much addicted to making art all at the age of 10 AMA
It’s 12 in the morning. AMA.
[AMA] I live in the north of Italy, where the virus is spreading
I'm the youngest child of a very rich family and I'm also bisexual which nobody knows. AMA
Ama i will ignore your questions
I work on a cruise ship/ferry. AMA
I'm the youngest child of a very rich family AMA!
Love each other for 10 years
I’m 28m working night shift in a steel factory. AMA
I have a sorta allergic reaction to the sun. AMA.
I am a 22male, my dad died when I was a baby, my mom raised 5 boys on her own, oldest brother has addiction issues, life is weird but interesting. AMA
I'm A Trans Male With Strict, Homophobic, Middle Eastern Parents. AMA
My(22m) dad died when I was a baby, oldest brother has addiction issues, single mother raising 5 boys, trying to do film as a career and find motivation in life AMA
I have autism and have had over 50 attempted youtube channels ask me anything
I'm a blind 16-year-old girl. AMA!
I'm 19 years old 6'1 116 pounds 53 kg 185cm AMA
In work bored. AMA
i am a extroverted introvert ama
I’m a woman, AMA
I'm a teenage girl guitar player fascinated by life and death AMA
I work at a Amazon warehouse AMA
I've finals in a couple of days... Took a short study break. AMA!
I work in Customer Service, AMA!
I grind my teeth so badly i sometimes dislocate my jaw in my sleep
I’m a 19 year old straight female who has never had any romantic or sexual encounters AMA
Yeet
I'm the youngest child of a family at the top of the middle class AMA!
Im 22f living and studying in Poland. AMA
At 17 I was in a mental hospital twice, both times because of suicidal ideation. AMA
Elon Musk is my Third Cousin. AMA
Girl with pretty rare Chromosome-disease. AMA
I used to run my own MCN on YouTube, AMA
I genuinely want to be asked interesting or casual questions. AMA
I'm having an existential crisis AMA
I'm bored ask me anything.
Worked with severely emotionally disturbed teen for a few years, AMA
I’m a struggling producer out of NYC AMA!
Nicest Reddit community this sub change my mind
AMA that will make me feel bad about my self
Fell asleep at 6am, AMA
I am an Indian AMA!
I'm going to bed and when I wake up I wanna see at least 5900 questions so ask me literally ANYTHING.
a bit high ama before I'm sleep
I (M24) Bake, am good at makeup, squeal over cute animals and babies but my brother is the gay one in the family! AMA
i’m a stone femme lesbian ama!
I had a hormonal disorder that made me pee in my bed until I was 17 . AMA
I'm bored send help AMA
I am a brazilian girl AMA
I am in Iran, CoronaVirus is likely everywhere. AMA.
i am dendimdt AMaM
I have had 2 collapsed lungs, and this is my 3rd time. AMA
I am a muslim AMA about my beliefs or religion!
I have a mindbreak fetish. AMA
My family believes in homeopathy. AMA
I’m on a train AMA
What thing is technically named wrong?
I'm trying to adjust my sleeping hours so I can work night shift on the Monday night and not die on the line, AMA
I am an introvert AMA.
I have ADHD. AMA
running away from home AMA
My mom is a karen ama
I have 28 credit cards. AMA
I'm in my first ethical non-monagomous relationship. Ama
I'm Thai, living in Bangkok, AMA!
I have an internet stalker. AMA
In class right now, phones on full volume. DO NOT DISTURB ME! ama in one hour
I’m a women engaged to another women and I live in the Bible Belt. AMA
My grandpa walked from Italy to France after ww2
I am an extremely bored teen and am willing to answer any question. AMA
I can speak only in prequel memes. AMA
I'm a MQ-9 Drone Operator AMA
AMA with a former Hotel Manager
I had a psycologically and physically abusive mother. AMA!
I'm bored, AMA!
I used to be a cam girl. AMA
I am just a stranger. You don't know me, I don't know you ama
I spend the weekend in jail, AMA
i am a sad postal worker. AMA
Studying for my psychology midterm, AMA
I am no longer a Teenager AMA
I (21 F, 5’8) went from 180 pounds to 120 pounds in 4 months, AMA.
I was adopted at 9. I lived with my birth mom until I was 7 when I was put in foster care due my mom’s declining mental health. All biological and adoptive parents were present at my wedding. AMA!
I (19f 5’8) went from 180 pounds to 120 pounds in 4 months, AMA
I’m in a 5,000 mile long distance relationship. Ama
I don’t have an internal monologue, AMA
I [28m] don't own a cellphone. AMA.
I've had very vivid and strong hallucinations! AMA!
I am an average Indian girl, born and brought up in middle class protective family in Delhi. AMA!
AMA. I want shocking questions.
I gave birth 2 days ago, and my newborn is restless so I can't sleep. AMA!
I am a homeschooler, AMA
I'm lonely
Someone's at our front gate right now and doing nothing, he's just staring. WTF AMA
I have depression and anxiety so bad I worry about myself saying something to hurt me! AMA
I am RED-GREEN Colorblind AMA
Son to a Swedish multi-millionaire, ask me anything
I am RED-GREEN Colorblind AMA
Does anobody know an app like iTube?
I was molested by a 18 year old in grade 7 and she didn’t go to jail/AMA
I am a Linux user. AMA
I’m a 8th grader enrolled in a private school with less then 30 people. AMA
I’ve used about every drug out there, been addicted to at least one drug for 5 years now. I’ve been through hell and back, and seen some crazy shit. AMA
I am lactose intolerant. AMA
I enjoy flying virtual airplanes on long haul routes in real time on my computer. AMA!
Im a normal person, AMA
I can’t have crushes or fantasize about people because I’m so ugly I feel bad for them in my fantasy. AMA
Im a chilean ling in the usa ama
I am an 18 Indian guy. Ask me anything.
I went near a Canada Goose and I felt warm. Ama
I'm a first-generation College student AMA!
Give me a word and I try to make a jojo reference from it TMA
I have severe carpophobia (the fear of wrists). AMA!
I’m an art therapist (intern) and work in a medical inpatient setting. AMA
I play roblox
I have Aphantasia (no mental visualization) and no Internal Monologue AMA
Getting picks from a bro’s ex
I’m a high school mascot AMA
I am a normal 16 year old girl. AMA
I'm shitfaced and want to drunk text dump my boyfriend bc of my own issues. AMA.
Remedies for hairy butt cheeks?
I had to bury the best dog I’ve ever had. AMA
Im an autistic metalhead AMA!
I lay my arms down for the Canada Goose master. Ama
I have a world record that The Guinness Book of World Records refuses to print, AMA
My grandfather has lung cancer and we're not sure how long he will live but i would like to get his life story out there! He and his wife spent a combined 40 years in the CIA. He was the CIA's weapon's and explosive expert from 1950-1975 and supported and trained gorilla forces across the world.
Update Post.
I had to live with my friends in middle school AMA
I’m an adult adoptee who found and was rejected by most of my natural family.
When I was a teenager, my parents made me go to therapy for my Asian fetish. AMA
I (F19) think my flatmate (F19) is having sex with her brother (M20)
I have been dealing with atopic dermatitis aka eczema for my entire life 25+yrs , AMA
I have ansomia aka the loss of the ability to detect one or more smells. AMA
I’m a Subway employee. AMA about your favorite sandwiches.
I'm a reverse ugly duckling (grew up cute, now a fugly adult). AMA!
I will solve any problem super quickly. AMA
I'm a schoolkid and both school and the Police think I'm an active Nazi supporter..... AMA!
I'm Transgender (MtF) Ask Me Anything
I have severe anxiety disorder
I am a child free woman getting sterilised tomorrow (bilateral salpingectomy + endometrial ablation). AMA
I’m a half introvert and extrovert AMA
I just broke up with my boyfriend of one year, and I feel like a villain. AMA
I JUST GOT AHOLD OF THE NEW BODY SWITCHER 2000 FROM SCIENTISTS AND I ACCIDENTALLY SWITCHED BODIES WITH MY CAT AMA
I just started a triple header drinking binge AMA
I work as an Usher at a West End theatre in London AMA
Today I just had the worst Spaghetti of my life, AMA.
I was born without any thumbs AMA
I have Avoidant Attachment like your cold ex...AMA
I Killed Someone. AMA
I will get offended by anything you say, I will also tell you why it is offensive. So AMA
I'm 6'2 at 13 AMA
Dominatrix, Colorado based
I have 2 “sets” of gay parents
AMA because I am lonely :)
#i just figured out how to do this AMA
Just asked out my crush and she said yes AMA
I consider myself a master manipulator (like an edgelord). AMA.
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I just joined r/imapieceofshit AMA
This sub has no rules. AmA
I was thinking about
I dont hate Fortnite AMA
Guess my age and i'll delete my account AMA
I just finished off a 250 hour grind to achieve level 99 fishing in a video-game called Old School Runescape. Ask me anything.
Im a ex pimp AMA
I am porn performer / director Lance Hart. Ask me anything.
The only reason people want to talk to me is because I’m a German in an all American school, AMA
I lost my virginity to my Nanna (Grandmother) on New Years Eve.
I’m a triplet AMA
I'm kinda sad right now and I just want something to take my mind off it.
I’m an identical twin. AMA
I am a member of what some would call the 'Alt right.' Feel free to ask any questions
Hung up in NYC AMA
I am currently working on a BA in Business Marketing with the goal to help musicians brand and advertise themselves effectively. AMA
My French Naruto fanfic just hit 16K reads on Wattpad, AMA!
I Can Actually Talk To My Crush. AMA
I had a near-death-experience 6 months ago / AMA!
Say anything, and if I can’t make prove it’s somehow a jojo reference, I will delete my account.
I'm a babyfur. AMA!
I have venous thoracic outlet syndrome. AMA
I have no will to life AMA
I am in yes goose land (the street). The swans and ducks retreated to the new frontlines. Ama
I had sex 250 women when i was high AMA
I am currently not at school due to being sick, but I don't think my parents nor the school know this. AMA.
I have vivid visions and dreams of people I know dying. AMA
I'm a Privileged 3rd World Teenager
I don't find death sad AMA
I have Chronic tiddy addiction AMA
I want to speak to your manager, AMA
I’m 32 and had my first communion wafer this morning. AMA
I’m a 24 year old woman with stage 3 endometriosis... AMA!
I program the electronic signs on the front of buses in my area - AMA!
I’m so depressed I can’t get out of bed AMA
My Startup partner is a crook, AMA
I am a messager and I have to go to the 2nd Battalion of Gooseshire Regiment. AMA
I am emotionless towards other people. AMA.
I’m a 16 year old boy paralyzed within the past year, ask me anything!
Please help me!!!
I’m a student from Hong Kong. AMA! :)
I had sex with all my lady friends and there sisters AMA
Ask me anything and when I reply, change the question so I look like a sick psycho.
Leak
I am a liar and i am lying AMA.
I want attention AMA
I'm bored af. AMA
I have Aphantasia, a life without visual images! AMA
Im not special at all. Ask me basically anything
I'm a mental health therapist who specializes in treating sexual abuse. AMA
I declared war on all swans and ducks ama
Im a twin AMA
My ex would use suicide threats as a way of controlling me AMA
I'm 19, and 4'10...AMA
I can blow bubbles of poo out of my butthole like bubble gum. AMA.
I opened a GoFundMe to CAUSE world hunger (AMA)
i got a stick n poke last night
OK, I’m confused. May someone explain me, is weed legal in Massachusetts. Half of internet saying yes, another half saying no. If it’s legal only for medical using or illegal, will I deported from the USA because of it?(I’m Russian)
I'm going to school for the first time. AMA &lt;3
15F going to public school in the US
I outpizza'd the hut, AMA.
I did an AMA about being a real gamer, AMA
I like extreme size differences, aka g/t, AMA
American teen living in Tunisia/ AMA!!
I collect and wear hazmat/chemical protection gear for fun. AMA.
I'm trying to redeem myself for my toxic past, Ask me Anything
As an employer I do not hire people with MBAs because it shows us they where stupid enough to get one ama
I was at a military academy that closed ask me anything.
I've been an orphan since 2009, AMA!
I'm a composer
I think the Italian school system sucks
Not an antivaxer but I (26 almost 27, M) have not gone to the doctor since I was 16. AMA.
I was a counterfeiter for 6 years AMA
I am an author as a hobby while also trying to learn Python. AMA!
My dad is an antivaxer AMA
I'm at work wasting time by sitting on the toilet. Ama!
I’m a lesbian female attending an all-girls catholic college that is strongly against homosexuals. Ask me anything
I’m epileptic ama
I will translate anything to Estonian
I had my first kiss on lips yesterday in a party,and i think i am catching feelings,but i don’t think she likes me.AMA
I'm a childhood abuse survivor diagnosed with PTSD and Severe depression, AMA!
16/yo who got rejected 4 times in the last 3 months. AMA!
I'm an autistic PhD student researching how to improve the experience of autistic people in the workplace. Employees/employers ask me anything!
I hate TikTok. AMA.
Ask me a question that doesn't make sense, and I will answer it accurately (as long as the individual words make sense of course). Ask me anything.
I ate a piece of wood and nearly died AMA
I am a former shoplifter. AMA
I am a furry, ask me anything
I was born with ADHD and Mild Autism making socializing difficult. AMA.
I have Prosopagnosia (face blindness), AMA
I (19M) just got a job in the industry I am attending college for. AMA
Girls of reddit, what questions about guys did you want answered?
I have Aspergers. AMA
Any question you ask me I will lie about AMA.
I'm 18 years old (f), seeing a man twice my age. AMA
I think women should be obliged to shave their underarms and I think they should be made to prove that they have. I should be the law. AMA
Questions about eye surgery experience
I just committed suicide, AMA
I had sex with over 300 Canada Geese.
I'm a Conversion Therapist. I convert men who have been turned into homosexuals back into straight men. I'm working with a man right now who was turned into a homosexual by his hockey coach. He has been attracted to women for several months now and is soon getting married. AMA
Corona virus is spreading in my region (Veneto near Venice), everything from schools to shops is closing. AMA
I had sex with over 300 women ama
I live in Zimbabwe, AMA!
I make Gardening Youtube Videos. Ask me anything.
I am a 15 y/o Jazz Drummer in the National Youth Jazz Orchestra AMA
Deli worker
I haven't eaten anything in about 30 days AMA
I found a small owl sitting on my motocycle, i threw bird food at it and she ate it and screeched at me and ran with the food, AMA
I have dp/dr. Ask me anything
I am from Colombia AMA
I'm from Colombia ask me anything
Just nut checked my BF and he hit me back. AMA
I work at the Ritz Carlton. AMA
I worked for two years as a Peppa Pig mascot at a children theme park, AMA
I was supposed to go to Italy on thursday for a tournament, but it was cancelled due to Coronavirus. AMA.
I am a Canada Goose and I want food from someone AMA
I have a scary knack for getting people to talk about their life stories without even trying, AMA!
I am Death, and I just finished catching up with the soul of one of my particularly favorite human authors. AMA
19 year old, just recently realised I’ve unknowingly had autism my whole life (HFA), AMA.
I’ve been on reddit for whole year now AMA
I've been a "missing person" twice, AMA!
Today marks the 5th year since ive been out of prison
I’m a female positive for gHSV1. AMA!
My Parents Work for The USA’s Government - AMA
I work for the government and was put in a department where I had to deport people. AMA!
I work for the government and was put me in a department where I had to deport people. AMA!
I have hydrocephalus! AMA!
I’m at Sunday school teaching 3rd graders I’m bored AMA
I am born a guy, but I want to be a girl soo much AMA
I'm a weeaboo AMA
I am Hungarian and I speak arguably the third hardest language on earth. Ask Me Anything!
Soon getting out of jail called high school. AMA
I need karma
I go to a Private Religious School AMA
I went to one of the most elite boarding schools in the world. AMA!
I have English exam day after tomorrow and I haven't studied anything. This is the final semester AMA!
I am a kid who plays NES games till today AMA!
AMA Police Officer!
Today’s my birthday AMA
I have an electric skateboard, AMA
I am friends with the most unpopular kid in my school, AMA!
I have trypophobia (fear of holes) AMA
I dated someone who was missing the same front tooth as I am, and lost it in the same exact place as I did - AMA
I’m 41 years old AMA
Child safety seat sleep protector
I am a time traveler AMA
I eat grass, honk, and nap. Guess who I am. AMA
Ive been hosting a Pokémon draft league at my school for the past 2 years. AMA
Ive beeb running a pokemon draft league at my highschool for 2 years now. AMA
In Europe, men pee sitting down. I've been there and I almost got arrested in Sweden because I pissed all over the toilet seat in the men's bathroom which is in a permanent down position. AMA
I’m a cop. /AMA
I can't do push-ups. AMA
Most people don't understand vaginas and can't make them work right. I will answer all your vagina questions. AMA
I am a 17-yo with Autism (Asperger Syndrome). AMA!
I am a professional mermaid at a local aquarium. Ask me anything!
I am a 17-yo with Aspergers (Autism). AMA!
20 y/o Republican growing up in a ultra liberal family in Manhattan. AMA
I am a waitress at a popular diner in my hometown. I've seen some pretty crazy things happen there. Ask me anything.
Returning to the office tomorrow after nearly seven years of being a stay at home mum. AMA.
I'm a recovering anorexic. AMA
I’m a 25/F that was homeless in Central Texas for a year. AMA
I am a random reddit user.AMA
I just finished listening to "Loituma - Ievan Polkka" 10h version on youtube. AMA
I just called my mom a fat slag, AMA
I'm 17 years old and a ginger. AMA
Hello! I'm the son of a ~50 millionaire, a first generation college student, and need distraction from emotional shit. Ama
I won the lottery
I have a bipolar schizophrenic mom AMA
I am a feminist who actively fights against toxic masculinity and violence against women within our society. AMA
Today marks th 5th year since ive been put of prison AMA
I live in Italy, and in Lombardy in the last days the coronavirus is spreading, they are closing everything AMA
I’m the person who catches your fish and sells small animals/birds at Petsmart AMA!
I slam dance at concerts - AMA
I had a plan to kill myself, but an old friend saved me
Bored and need some ideas
Just a struggling soon-to-be a med student. AMA
My dad almost killed my mother and went to prison when I was 11 (i‘m 20 now) AMA
I am diagnosed with ASPD (anti-social personality disorder) with psychopathic tendencies.
My dad was abusive and went to prison when I was 10 (i‘m 20 now).
dear friends I need help
I just got ungrounded after 4 months AMA
Can someone explain how the award system and karma works
Rookie jazz musician.AMA
Been trying to sleep for over four hours now, my mind won't shut up. Anyone else up? AMA
I am 35 years old and never moved out of my house. AMA.
I am a student in Milan, schools and universities got closed for Coronavirus outbreak, AMA
Im a 98% introvert, AMA
Im a 25 year old alcoholic AMA
I have 4 reddit followers, AMA!
AMA and try to guess my career with only yes or no questions. If someone gets it, I will delete my account.
Just comment any random fact below and take my free upvote.If not then AMA!
I wake up every day thinking its January 2016, AMA.
I'm flying on an airplane, AMA
[NSFW] I have a very active fetish where I wet myself. AMA
I'm nearly at 5 k karma so I can post on my favourite sub Reddit r/dankmemes ama
My step dad was a mob boss AMA
I have 5% battery left in my phone I will answer any question to the best of my ability until it runs out AMA
I am an ambidextrous, transgendered woman AMA
I am a District Attorney in the Bay Area, AMA
I (19F) have Borderline Personality Disorder, AMA!
I can't sleep and I've got work in 5.5 hours AMA
i’ve had multiple experiences with minor sexual assaults. ama
Just got pulled over for legally making a full stop at a stop sign. AMA
I'm a 29M Iranian, likely the CoronaVirus is here in my city. AMA
25F I’ve been drinking and “skiing” for 3-4hrs AMA
Really bored, probably going to pass out soon AMA
Contact John for any Hacking Deal AMA
Just ask me something
I have no friends ama
Been delivering pizzas for the last year and a half AMA
According to me I have the least interesting life of all. AMA
I have herpes
Staring at the night sky in Kaua’i AMA
I’ve been living in my car for 8 months, AMA
I got over 5k likes on a TikTok and almost 100k views. Ask me anything
Professional Scuba Diver/Marine Biologist
i’m a non-binary teen AMA
Im sitting on the floor in a empty room with no lights... I just heard rapid child like foot steps running down the hall... AMA!
Hi r/JusticeReturned, I'm Thomas Manfried, political activist and member of the Copwatchers Board of Directors. I have actively monitored police brutality cases over the last 30 years. Ask me anything!
I am diabetic AMA
My fiancee is too busy playing the Sims 4 to give me attention AMA
I have adhd AMA!
suffering trauma from a bully AMA
I am a 21 year old working as management in a store where everyone is older than me. AMA!
My 130$ vibrator refuses to turn off
I'm literally just an average 8th grader looking for something to do. AMA!
AMA....but my response is off topic...
I went on an impromptu road trip and ended up drunk in the middle of nowhere. AMA.
27 year old male virgin by choice, AMA
I'm in a growing street gang. AMA
If you guess what kind of dog I have, I'll go buh bye
I’m a guy. AMA
I have a 4-year old brother who loves horror games like Granny and Fnaf. AMA!
I have a 4-year-old brother who loves horror ganes like Granny and FNAF. AMA!
I have a micro penis ama
I am a robot ama!
im on an acid trip AMA
Hello (seriously find whats offensive in the word hello) AMA
i am an incel
PART 4: I’m a quarantined Diamond Princess passenger who evacuated to Lackland in San Antonio via a chartered government flight! AMA!
I just ate an entire pizza to myself. AMA
I live in Alaska and am bored, AMA
Am stoned AMA about my choice of snacks, entertainment, music or whatever else
I operate a topless cleaning company in #Denver
son of multi milionare
I will only reply with: "ok zoomer"
I’m a university student with ADHD and Depression, AMA.
People who are registered sex offenders but did not intentionally do anything to get on the registration(for example: peeing next to a park, etc.)What happened and how has it affected your life?
I just got my US citizenship! AMA!
Former racist, I have recently become tolerant of jews and hispanics. Still a little bit shaky when it comes to blacks and gays but I'm working on it! AMA
I am an employee at Dick’s Sporting Goods. AMA!
It’s my first cake day. AMA
Guess my employment with yes/no questions and i delete my account
Guess my employment and ill delete my account AMA
Just got laced with extacy on a first date AMA
3 years ago today at this exact time, I was falsely accused of terrorism on the basis of my ethnicity. The trauma has made my life extremely difficult. AMA
My husband and I had sex every day (with the exception of 2) for the last 500 days. AMA
13m, and I’m 5’10 tall. AMA
I've struggled my entire life with selective mutism without knowing I had it. AMA
Repost I was born with an incurable condition AMA!
LGBTQ WARNING I’ve known I was a lesbian since I was ten, AMA
I have major scoliosis AMA
Im an American born and raised in south Mexico. AMA
I live in the Gulf of Mexico. AMA
Americans, Ask a Canadian Anything!
If you guess what I do for a living using yes/no questions I will delete my account
Guess what my job is with yes/no questions. Winner gets a dickpic
I’m a 15 year old stock market investor, AMA
I was a homeless youth for 6 months, AMA
I’ve travelled to 18 countries in under 20 years. AMA
I have eyebrows AMA
i’m wastjrgn ama
High on Cannabis and Percocets right now. AMA.
Im a functioning addict. AMA
I (teen) am a necrophiliac AMA
Im a 19 year old teen mom with bipolar depression and anxiety..AMA.
I have poison ivy all over my scrotum. AMA
i live in el paso and down the street from where the walmart shooting happened, AMA.
I have a bipolar schizophrenic mom AMA
I (30f) am a Senior Communications Manager AMA
I have 2 hrs to burn. Best question gets a silver. AMA
I am a Canada Goose AMA
I’ve worked at McDonald’s for 3 years, and my NDA is over. Ask Me Anything.
My parents attend my concerts as a 1 man band, playing extreme metal. AMA.
I just got out of juvenile distention centre ama
I’m a support worker for adult learning disabilities. AMA
I have been kicked out of three schools and am now in college. AMA
My Dad decided to watch the last episode of Made In Abyss with me - AMA
I am the kid that makes the substitute teacher not want to come back AMA.
I am a Christian AMA
i'm (24f) married to the love of my life (26f), AMA
I like to hurt dogs ama
I (15) think I'm a necrophiliac AMA
Got shot in the penis today playing paintball AMA.
i just turned 15, ama
My friend is drunk and super Christian, I’m Jewish and sober. Ask us anything!
I'm a Gen Z-er who's interested in hearing the opinions of people who disagree with progressive ideals. I don't mean any offense, and I'm just interested in talking.
at a dog birthday party and kinda bored, AMA
I’m a Canadian with free healthcare, Ask me anything!
I get horny to Canada Geese sometimes AMA
I go to a college prep high school and have straight A's. AMA.
I just donated blood for the first time AMA
I'm interested in helping older conservative understand (if not agree with) the ideals of a progressive Gen Z-er. Baby Boomers, AMA.
I’m in my last year of highschool and my life changed for the best and worst as of yesterday. Unrelated or related to that statement, doesn’t matter, AMA.
I vividly remember most of my dreams. A lot of them are nightmares, unfortunately. AMA.
Its my first cake day, I had a golf ball sized keloid on my earlobe until i was 15 AMA!
I live in Illinois, AMA
I am related to at least three child molesters. AMA
I study time and time travel AMA
Pissed, sort of fucking hate this site, make me delete my account. AMA.
I’m a 21 y/o black, gay, muslim man living in Sweden. I’m not out
I live in New Zealand! AMA
I spent the last 10 hours moving around Chicago, playing random music/song requests on my guitar and donated all of the money I got. AMA
My brother was a serial murderer, AMA
I’ve had a weird Saturday, AMA!
Drunk as fuck, ask qyickly before I pass out. Title took several attempts. AMA!
Formerly successful VIP host in Los Angeles Nightclubs (24M) AMA
I am Toby am 3 years old and an alcoholic. AMA
Black Conservative right here
Since I have the house to myself today I'm going to get stoned for the first time in over a decade. Ama
I’m black
I’m a Surgical Tech at a busy New York Plastic Surgery practice. AMA!
I judge books by theirjrhhqoo koch uncovers ama!#
I'm a 29 years old man who lives in Brazil. AMA.
I'm a security guard in a monitoring centre, AMA!
I bought my girlfriend a ring on our first date. AMA :)
If you can guess what job my father had when he was 20 I will delete my account AMA
Boring date ama
I'm bored and need karma to post, so AMA!
I’m bored and I know a lot of useless facts, AMA.
Time to turn the tables! You state an answer and I will come up with a question for that answer!
I think morality is subjective. AMA
I have a master's degree in classical music. AMA
Watching the office. AMA
I wear glasses, AMA
I’m a single, kinda attractive M17 with minor depression. AMA
I'm bored at work AMA
I send people Canada Goose pictures on discord AMA
I poke people for their blood all day. AMA
I will argue with any opinion you have. AMA
I have borderline personality disorder. AMA.
I have never searched porn or jacked off to porn.
Just wrote a 12 minute Ted Talk in 2 hours AMA.
I have moderate to severe autism, ptsd, angrophobia, adhd, separation anxiety, and general anxiety. AMA
I’m an early 20’s lesbian who’s in college. AMA.
I’m in a lesbian interracial relationship. AMA :)
I was assigned male at ultrasound then assigned female at birth. AMA!
Drinking tonight and will answer any question you have and drink after each one
I am thinking of an object, AMA! (yes or no questions)
I work a full time job with 6 gang members. AMA
I'm Bored, And Just Need Something To Do, AMA!
Guess who's back and bored. AMA
I deliver pizza. AMA
I’m a normal kid, AMA.
16 year old guy, Israeli, bisexual, lost my almost 20 year old brother 5 months ago. AMA.
I took a Cross-Canada road trip 2 years ago. AMA
I am a veteran/refugee of the Yugoslavian war. AMA
I am a veteran/refugee of the Yugoslavian war. AMA
I am a veteran/refugee of the Yugoslavian war. AMA
I’m very new to Reddit, AMA
My Anxiety is really bad.
21 year old male, never been on a date AMA.
I have a shit ton of karma, AMA
I am the 1/10 dentist who doesn’t recommend toothpaste
Tomorrow I say goodbye to my dog AMA
Im English and have a German girlfriend AMA
So I’m gonna do something simpler to that guy that deleted his account did so if you can guess what sport I play I will leave reddit forever
I’m taking a shit, AMA
I am poor - AMA
I was in the Jersey City Shooting in 2019, AMA!
I’m a sixteen year old dude who just heard his mother fucking a dude I have never met in my entire life in the other room.
I spoke nothing but gibberish till the age of 6 because I was mostly shown teletubbies as a kid, AMA
I have illegally sold unlicensed “fake” thc vape cartridges on the dark web since 2012 with a overall net profit of over £2.4m. AMA
I’m an autistic 13 year old girl with depression and anxiety. AMA
Automotive Repair Expert, AMA anything car related!
Today is my birthday. 8th birthday in a row without seeing a friend, a present, a celebratory dinner, or a cake. AMA.
I'm older than my boyfriends parents ama
I have a rare disorder that prevents me from having any facial expressions . AMA
I just came home from Dave Chappelle's European tourshow, AMA!
My mom is a feminist AMA
My stepfather is a multimillionaire, AMA
I live in the Balkans and I hate it. AMA I guess.
Due to childhood neglect And abuse, I was diagnosed with Antisocial personality disorder, and narcissistic personality disorder. Also have traits of Asperger's. AMA!
I make counterfeit money AMA
I am Donald trump AMA
I’ve owned every Kirby game since Kirby: Squeak Squad (2006) AMA
I FIGURED OUT WHAT TO SAY IF SOMEONE KNOCKS ON THE DOOR WHILE YOU’RE POOPING! AMA
I have not taken a shower in a week , ama
I just realized I've been saying "February" wrong my whole life. AMA
My mum died when I was 14, my dad died when I was 18 and I don’t speak to most of my family, AMA.
Really unattractive male. Ama.
I (18F) have a girlfriend (18F). I’m in the closet because my family and all of my friends are Christians....AMA
I'm an asset protection specialist for a very popular mall fashion brand. AMA
I go to school some of the world’s elite (‘s children)
Question for people that were alive during the 60s/70s
I'm a teen of the female gender, AMA
I'm an avid cosplayer, especially in the cosplay community AMA
I just got Donald Trump junior’s racist tweet deleted AMA
I (18F) have a girlfriend (18F) I’m in the closet because my family and all of my friends are Christians...AMA
I was born on April Fools Day and was named after a US state, AMA
Im not going to answer any questions. Ama
I quit doing drugs, smoking weed and cigs, I am 15, AMA.
My girlfriend [19F] has amazing breasts, AMA
My brother literally had his brain severed AMA
I wrote an argumentative essay on whether you should learn guitar or piano as a first instrument. AMA.
I work as one of the talent managers at VidCon and I have met and worked with a bunch of youtubers, AMA!
I thought anything meant a n y t h i n g?
I am a Dog. AMA
I was groomed by a 47yo pedophile at 15. AMA
I just had an 1 hour and 15 mins convo w someone on omegle but the server crashed while we were talking. AMA.
Had Taco Bell for this first time today. It’s currently on its way out. AMA
I live in New Jersey, USA. AMA
I dont support the plastic straw ban
I don't know how to calm my underlying anxiety tonight. AMA.
I’m a former library worker, AMA
I just met the worlds oldest and highest ranking martial artist for my style! Ama!
I stopped eating skittles because the commercials disgust me. AMA!
I play soccer in the American 3 division AMA
It’s Mardi Gras week AMA
I have a popular Instagram meme page AMA
I graduated from a strict private high school last spring, AMA
I am sick and bored ask me anything
I have a crush on a girl who I don't know how to get in contact with. AMA.
I have two service dogs AMA
I almost peeled the top of my finger off Ask me Anything
I ruined my t-shirts by wrapping my fingers on the hem of my shirts. AMA.
I (18F) have a girlfriend (18F) and I’m in the closet. My friends and family are all Christians....AMA
I collect and wear hazmat/chemical protective gear for fun. AMA!
I’m an asexual trans girl AMA
I (18F) am secretly living with my girlfriend (18F) while I’m in university. My Christian parents don’t know that.....AMA
I (18m) am going to propose to my partner (19m) today, AMA
I inherited 100,000 euro what should I do
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job, AMA
I'm gifted inteligence son AMA about him
I can turn Pro tips into bad advice AMA
I have 69 karma AMA
If you can guess what I do for a living by asking yes/no questions I will delete my account AMA
I’m an Ex-GameStop Manager. AMA!
I just unintentionally killed a kitten and now the guilt is killing me. AMA!
Racist people of reddit, what make you dislike people from other races? Is there any back stories?
I’m a furry, AMA
Listening to melodifestivalen with some friends AMA
Do you know why vegans look so sick all the time? It's because they don't eat meat. It's been scientifically proven that humans are supposed to eat meat. Most vegans, like those PETA idiots, think chickens are equal to humans and they would save five chickens from a fire before a human baby. AMA
I've worked in a cat cafe for 2 years - AMA!
I have aphantasia since I was born AmA!
My YouTube video I made for giggles in 2011 somehow has over 150,000,000 views, fans that keep returning, and it's not slowing down. AMA!
Today marks 1 year since I got out of prison for a 2nd degree murder and an attempted murder. AMA
You're a loser and a failure. This is why women despise you. AMA
I'm a rape victim and my best friend is a rapist. AMA
I’m A furry, in seventh grade, and bi AMA
My karma is over 1K. It's that high because people like me and they like what I have to say. If you weren't such a fucking loser maybe your karma would be high too. I'll answer your questions about how to get your karma higher, but I doubt it's going to help because a loser is a loser. AMA
This is for all the pro hackers My Snapchat is hacked
im freaking out on a 2g edible AMA!
I'm an atheist raised in a very religious family, AMA
I think vegans should not be apart of society. AMA
I had post partum Psychosis but am now medicated AMA
I’ve grown attached to this throwaway because I got a silver award AMA
I’m an 18y/o pre-hormones trans girl AMA
If they do it in Sweden, it must be a good idea. Like importing thousands of low IQ men from a literal rape culture into your country- that was a good idea. AMA
My testicles raise into my abdomen when I reach climax - AMA
I am on the social libertarian side of the political compass AMA
I’m a private tutor who helps kids (8-18) who are struggling in school. AMA!
I wrote a book and it got accepted but I couldn't afford the fees, Ask me Anything!
I did an AMA about a year ago on my missing father's case, Dale Williams. After a year of podcasts, I was able to get fresh ideas from thousands of people to present to our investigative team. I am planning to go to CrimeCon this year and trying to get as many new ideas as possible. AMA....
I missed my first cake day!
I'm a 19 year old Care Assistant, Door Supervisor and Community Director, AMA
Valve gifted me an index this week and I am recovering from cancer and dealing with mental illness. AMA
I am diagnosed with Tourette’s syndrome, AMA
I was born HIV positive AMA
I'm a male cheerleader in high school AMA
I am an identical twin that was dressed same as their twin for 14 years. AMA!
I am an identical twin that was dressed the same for 14 years. AMA!
Was recently diagnosed with Bipolar depression AMA
I’m attending UW full-stack coding bootcamp - AMA!
My ex wants to date again, my crush proposed to me and my parents told me we're shifting towns, AMA
I'm a sex worker AMA !
I was flashed two days ago! Ask me Anything!
I'm a high school professor, AMA!
I have Inattentive ADHD, ask me anything.
My friend just got barred from tesco for steal £15 of food, ama
I am a sick 12 year old boy in Sweden. AMA
I’ve been seizure free for 9 years now and my boyfriend and I are about to celebrate 2 months. Life’s going good, AMA
I live in China. AMA
I’ve been driving 18 wheelers for 10 years, I’m 28 AMA!
This gay guy moved into my apartment building. AMA
I'm the son of a diplomat. AMA
I Was In China During The Coronavirus Outbreak
I swore into the US Marine Corps and am now a poolee getting ready to go to boot camp in a couple of months AMA
Today I decided I’m going to be a politician. AMA.
I'm about to go to sleep, AMA
I have a hair pulling disorder. AMA
I have a picture of Prince Charles by my bed and I look at it when I masturbate. AMA
My opinion on a woman's role in 2020 is to make babies, beds, love, and sandwiches. AMA!
Currently working with "crazy kids" used to work with cancer, AMA
I dated a famous football (soccer) player and he cheated on me, ama 😂
I'm part of the student council at my school , AMA
I was born with an incurable condition AMA
i bit my tongue ama
I can almost see through every lie
I have had a friend with cancer, AMA
Remember: tracheotomy is the procedure, tracheostomy is the hole. AMA
Well, I'm 33 years old and am flying for the first time right now. AMA
i was raised by wolves AMA
I am a guy who went to public school. AMA
I recently lost my mum to cancer AMA
Women can have penises- they proved it with science. AMA
I lost my brother to suicide. AMA.
My maternal aunt is a psycho. AMA
10 Years working in Nail Salons - the good/the bad/the dirty, AMA
A one night stand (liberal Bernie fan) freaked out when she saw my MAGA hat in my bedroom. AMA
Years ago. I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, star of a big movie franchise. This happened before her fame, obviously. AMA
I’m an identical twin brother of 23 years. AMA
Función de esta app?
I’m from the future ama
I'm a pathological liar, AMA!
I blew threw 2.2 million dollars in less than 2 years. AMA
I'm a 16 y/o musician and one of my songs just surpassed 2.5 Million streams. AMA!
I used to be an advocate for sustainable energy technologies, now I am completely against those. I turned into a nuclear energy advocate, AMA!
I’m SMMer. I’m make more than $100M for my client’s businesses. Ask your questions.
Just laying down AMA
Tax Questions? AMA
I have chronic Lyme disease and health issues. I also build fire trucks for a living but cannot pass medical exams to become a firefighter. AMA
AT&amp;T ex employee AMA :D
I graduated college at 16 with an associate's degree. AMA.
I will only reply with "ok boomer"
I'm a support worker for people with learning disabilities AMA
I work for a large phone company AMA
I am from Egypt AMA
I've played League of Legends for roughly 5 years now, broken many things and have given myself many headaches over it, AMA
I am a Military Police Officer! AMA
I am the son of a millionaire AMA
I’m a karma whore Reddit ask me anything’s
I've bit and picked my nails since I was 4. I haven't in a week for the first time ever. AMA
Australian gal who has kinda shitty health, collects plants obsessively and loves to talk AMA
I'm a former Trophy Wife and 'Sugar Baby'. AMA
I got invited by my crush on a date tonight, ask me anything
Make Me Look Like An Pscho By Editing Your Comments, AMA!
MY BOOK IS ON OTHER WEBSITES WITHOUT MY CONSENT!!!! AMA
I know how to play the ukulele! AMA
I am a teenager in a corrupt 3rd World Country AMA?
I (17F) just got my belly pierced and my parents don't know. AMA.
I'm a third culture kid AMA
I'm a rich entrepreneur and give all the tips away for free!!! AMA! I just partnered with Tesla and New Electric LLC
I gave my baby up for adoption when I was 18. You may AMA you wish.
I have averaged 4 hours of sleep a night for the last 9 years, AMA
My housemates are retarded AMA
I'm an edgy teen, AMA
I just masturbated successfully for the first time. AMA
I once called my mum's hair horrendous. AM A!
I'm a 13 year old kid who live in third world contury, AMA
Im a british snob... / AMA
I am a sperm-doner baby raised by a single mother - AMA !
I'm a 19 year old that probably has cancer and will not recieve treatment if I do AMA
I'm a diagnosed sociopath, AMA
Hello, I’m 100% Scottish. Ask me anything!
Depression
Contact John for any Hacking Deal AMA
I know the flags, capitals and locations on the map of every country in the world. AMA
I just watched "A Serbian Film" and didn't feel anything. AMA
My dad told me he's thought about killing himself and leaving me and my brother to live with my grandparents AMA
Import and luxury taxes in my country are crazy. AMA ?
I lived on a boat for a year, AMA.
I'm a Romanian. Ask me anything.
I was jailed for 30 years for cannabinolism ask me anything
I am an Arab living in the middle east. AMA
I am in Architecture school, AMA
I've Outrun the Police
Canadian......... AMA
I’m a racing driver in hospital and I’m bored. AMA
I'm one of the INFJ'S the rarest Personality type, AMA.
I’m on a travel train from France to England AMA
I work for a global clinical trial drug company (aka big pharma shhhhh) ask me anything.
I’m panromantic asexual, AMA!
I am a video game collector AMA
I try to watch everything (shows, movies, etc) at 2x speed. AMA.
I was raised by two lesbians, AMA!
I was suicidal AMA
i’ve been hacking/stealing since 12... AMA
Ask me anything. I will then proceed to respond and you'll have to edit the question to make my response as offensive and dark as it gets
Alcoholic who just reached 8 months of sobriety AMA
I just fucked a cop AMA
i live in china during the quarantine. AmA.
So my parents have been fighting since two month after marriage (24 years ago) and now they are finally getting divorced. AMA
I (f19) have worked customer service jobs from the ages of 14-18, was a painter, did tech support, and now take care of adults with mental handicaps. Ama.
Slept 4 hours in two days, hopefully I'll answer your questions tomorrow ama
I worked as a porn star for 6 years, AMA.
I have amazing breasts, AMA.
My husband was a rapist AMA
Just finished a 15 page history paper and I’m on top of the world. AMA
Mu boyfriend works right across the street from my ex AMA
I'm a black girl in a "white sorority" ask me anything
My girlfriend [19F] has amazing breasts, AMA
I'm a regretful, unconventional, opinionated male "bully" and bachelor whose girl left me for a lesbian. AMA.
elo 'w'/
I Experience Bouts of Extreme Paranoia AMA
My family tree is more of a family shrub. AMA!
3months clean of self harm AMA
I'm a Korean soldier who's trapped in his base because of the coronavirus. AMA
I once searched on deviantart whilst drunk "Rohan Kishibe x Guido Mista yaoi" ama
Marine grunt
I’m a 16 yr old guy that hates living in the U.K. AMA
I’ll be in a car for the next hour and another 13 hours come sunrise, AMA
caught feelings for my best friend AMA!
Using a Samsung E5 in 2020 AMA
Tell me anything and I'll explain it incorrectly.
I am a board furry teen, AMA
I’ll make anything sound believable
I did 112 days in prison isolation. AMA!
Give me a stupid Invention, and I'll tell you how it will become successful
I wanna be a doctor in the future. And I'm going into premed. AMA
I work night shifts (9:00pm-5:00am) at one of the busiest Mcdonalds in my country, AMA
I want to give money away because I am bored. AMA
Give me a famous person's name and alter it
I spelled my name wrong on reddit AMA
I hate when people ask me questions.... AMA
It’s 8:30pm, just drank a cold brew coffee and I’m wired AMA
I’m a freshman in a college sorority AMA
It's 4:30AM and I'm locked out of my house and bored AMA
I’m a Bernie supporter. Ask me Anything.
I'm an Asian girl. AMA.
Don’t Ask Me Anything
I’m gonna be disapponted to everything, AMA.
I am 24 and all my sexual experiences have been with escorts. AMA
I was a resident assistant (RA) at a major party university. AMA!
Just found out I’m a sociopath, ama
Im a furry ama
i’m baked, AMA.
I'm a big fan of dubstep music, AMA
Shrooming for the first timesih... AMA? I gots questions tooo!!!
Babysitting and the kids are asleep. AMA
I just broke my arm AMA
We just purchased the Rokoko motion capture suit, happy to answer any questions anyone might have about it. Cheers
I have episodes of age regression AMA
I found out my son (19) was a child predator. Ask me anything!
Just smoked a joint AMA
I just finished BCT
I am a time traveler AMA
I’ve lucid dreamt my entire life
I'm not good at replying AMA
Bored 38 year old , wife works nights, daughter is sleeping , I’m drinking ginger ale ama
Fear me mortal as i'm the god of the seas Kyogre, AMA
AMA JUST AMA
I traveled to China during the early parts of the Coronavirus outbreak. I got quarantined when I returned home to Korea and am living here through the current outbreak in Korea. AMA!
I am the only person in my entire family who has not struggled with some manner of drug addiction. AMA
I'm a tree surgeon, on a disaster response team, and am an engineer. AMA!
187. AMA
A 13 yr who's bored. ama.
Teen girl AMA
My teacher was arrested for like 60 cases of CP, Rape, and something else (can't remember) AMA
I am a straight male teenage cheerleader, AMA
Woken at 4am by a mosquito uprising in my bedroom, AMA
I wear and use diapers 34/7 by choice.
Years ago. I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, star of a big movie franchise. This happened before her fame, obviously. AMA
I am a Division I collegiate gymnast. AMA!
I am Pakistani
My answers will be a lie! AMA
I'm a young Suicide attempt survivor with severe PTSD and a lot of different past careers. AMA
teen pussy is the cleanest best plesure
Its my cake day.
I lived in a house that was built on top of a cemetery for 4 years. Ask Me Anything.
It's my cake day! AMA
I rick roll myself everyday. AMA!
I'm on a mini road trip from Chicago to St. Louis, AMA!
I am a new MTG player, and achieved plat 1 in four days AMA
Me and some friends are making a fnaf fan game based off of the story of how my friend pooped in my sink. AMA
Friday . Ask Me Any Thing.
Im a cosplayer who draws dummy thicc cartoon characters in their spare time. AMA
Dreams *~ read please and help me to get answers
I'm goated on the sticks
My first kiss was two weeks ago, AMA
I am a delivery driver for a well-known pizza chain, AMA
I'm a gay furry who supports trump ama
im broke ama
i want money cause im broke ama
I am a socialist attempting to FinDom the U.S. government. AMA.
I failed/was held back in Primary/Kindergarten. Ask me anything.
Ranch is overrated
I cracked my head open AMA
Im starting a shoe company!
I’m a prison psychologist. AMA.
It's my 19th birthday and I'm spending my friday birthday evening alone in my dorm room AMA
I live in India. AMA
Im taking care of disabled children and teens at night
I am an 11 year old boy that loves VR. Ask me anything
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
This girl woke up 66 million years ago during the dinosaur extinction. A voice tells her to find a portal back home, in a volcano with T.rexes. She must go through a swamp with crocodiles, a mountain with pterodactyls, and a desert with velociraptors and big scorpions. AMA
I'm black. AMA
I am a 24 year old guy and the only sexual experiences I have ever had have been with escorts. AMA
I need some good Canada Goose stories to daydream to in bed AMA
Ask me anything!
Two twelve year olds chilling here
I'm sociopath.. Ask me anything you would like.
I got nothing better to do so....AMA!
I'm technically atheist, AMA
It’s 01:50 where I am, AMA.
I am a computer science student in my last year, AMA
I love answering questions, ask me anything at all! AMA
You know nothing about me. Ask me Anything.
Back in my blackout drinking days in my first year of university, I drunkenly fell through and bust open some locked double doors next to the lift. Through those doors were the lift shaft. Had I fallen a meter ahead of where I landed I would have been headfirst down the 4th floor lift shaft. AMA.
I’ve seen a lot of death/dying working in emergency services AMA
I’m 12 y/o just chilling on reddit on a throwaway not getting banned AMA
I am fluent in 5 languages and know 3 others (I know a lot about them, but not all) AMA
I will tell you everything I know about your country
I’ve never been to a funeral. Ama
I know a lot of random facts about random weird ass shit. AMA
Years ago. I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, star of a big movie franchise. This happened before her fame, obviously. AMA
I work for a vendor of Microsoft and I test their devices. AMA
I poop everyday I’m at work AMA
I DATED A SOCIOPATH FOR 2 YEARS. AMA
I am deaf in one ear
I’ve done quite a few psychedelics, ama
I'm one of the shortest people in my entire school. AMA..
I install people's internet AMA
I am a pansexual trans female (pretransitioning) AMA
Toughest Week of my Life
I killed my dog AMA
I'm an animation student AMA
I'm a poor teen AMA
I'm genderfluid
I'm genderfluid
I'm genderfluid
I unwittingly joined a quasi-cult when I was 11 and stayed in until the age of 18. AMA.
I'm agnostic, AMA
4 friends halfway to New Orleans for the weekend. AMA
I live in a school bus converted to a tiny home, AKA skoolie. AMA.
I found someone else's credit card. AMA.
I thought I had extreme fever but I accidentally left the thermostat on 90° on a hot day ama.
Will answer anything till I hit 100 karma, then I won't answer anything!
I'm from Bosnia and Herzegovina, ask me anything.
I’m 22 recently single engineering student. AMA
I need karma AMA
Tax Questions? AMA
I died AMA
I've never inserted a USB the correct way 1st try, AMA
I have social anxiety and I'm mute, AMA
I have been diagnosed with psychosis AMA
I've smoked weed every day for the past 2 years(maybe a week out of that I haven't)... AMA
I’ve been slowly developing OCD for years, AMA
Noones posted anything, so I'm gonna because I'm bored. AMA
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I am a witch and practice witchcraft daily. AMA
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I am a witch and practice witchcraft daily, ask me anything.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, kicked, pushed and bashed at school today.
I got punched, pushed, kick and bashed at school today.
Years ago. I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, star of a big movie franchise. This happened before her fame, obviously. AMA
Im french, AMA
24 M
I am homophobic, AMA
I'm European AMA
I’m 6’7”. Ask me anything
I just finished watching Good Omens. AMA!
Patreon Capital AMA
I am a normal teen AMA
I have restless leg syndrome AMA
I was accused of being an attempted mass shooter by my first high school. AMA
I am a mute TikToker, AMA!
i have psychosis and BPD. AMA!
Yesterday I did some nude house cleaning for money. AMA.
songs have colors and numbers have personalities and gender for me. AMA
I'm a lesbian ama
I'm Italian AMA
i just accidentally let out an absolutely noxious fart on a plane and i think everyone around me knows it was me. ama!
I turned to the right page on my textbook first try, AMA
I live in Morocco AMA
Years ago. I once dated a now worldwide famous actress, star of a big movie franchise. This happened before her fame, obviously. AMA
Im going to play videogames with a few friends all night long AMA
I’m a gay pornstar AMA
I’ve had a bad day and will be in a car for the next 6 hours AMA
Married, meeting a tinder date to get (hopefully) banged really hard in less than 1 hour. Husband is at work
I’m a medical supervisor at weight management clinics and camps, AMA!
I Am A Survivor Of Child Sex Trafficking. AMA
Today starts one of the biggest public festivals of the world - Brazilian Carnival. Ask me anything
I used to suffer from depersonalisation. AMA
Bored. Male. Russian. AMA.
Just an ordinary Romanian citizen AMA
I will take everything literally, AMA
AMA Request Mike Judge.
I’m really lonely and have nothing to do for 6 hours. Please, anyone, AMA?
I’m a stripper, AMA
I am a young carer and have no one to relate with in life, AMA
I’m chilling with the boys and we’re bored af. Ask us anything!
I'm f/47 and my boyfriend is m/24 ama
My dad told me he's thought about killing himself and leaving me and my brother to live with my grandparents AMA
A mouse invaded my home,AMA
I am a Commercial Pilot for a major national airline in Europe. AMA
I‘m in an age gap relationship AMA
My dad told me he's thought about killing himself and leaving me and my brother to live with my grandparents AMA
I stayed at the same hotel as Madeleine McCann at the time she was Taken AMA
I quit my job in the UAE because it was horrible, moved back to America to live with my mother. I have NO job, not even looking, and am making the sacrifice to be jobless until I complete my fiction book I’m writing. AMA
I'm a housekeeper. AMA
im a housekeeper AMA
I am a former brony who was super into the My Little Pony fandom when I was younger. AMA
I am a 16 year old girl who is a competitive dancer, works on restoring motorcycles and cars, and helps my grandpa with his sprint car! AMA
I work with babies AMA
I have a pretty high IQ (147). AMA!
Anything you tell me, I will take as a compliment and explain to you why you are so nice!
I just shaved my head because chemo started causing it to fall out, AMA
My best friend/ex-boyfriend killed himself when being surrounded by police at his house, AMA
Let's find if I am normal. AMA
Been cosplaying for almost 10 years, AMA
Today I've been divorced 2 years from my emotionally and physically abusive ex wife AMA
Its currently nap time at the daycare where I work and I'm watching one of the preschool classes and 3 of them are up. AMA
I have Hyperphantasia. AMA
I’m an Indian-American woman born and raised in the South (US). AMA
I know how to crop out the mematic watermark without ruining the meme AMA
I was raised by a stepfather 13 years my senior. AMA.
I will asnwer anything till I change from 15 karma, I'm a normal human.
I'm 17f and autistic, AMA
I know things about other things, AMA
I`m an only child in my family(no siblings),AMA
I have asperger's. How do you deal? AMA
First time traveling to other country for work AMA
I'm a fully orthodox jew. AMA
I worked at GitHub before they were acquired by Microsoft and during all the “incidents” (scandals). AMA.
I get my brain zapped for 20 minutes everyday for my depression - ask me anything
I’m at school right now AMA
I have a "rare" form of OCD, AMA
I was addicted to opiates for over 5 years on and off and am currently working my way through the detox process at a Methadone clinic. AMA
I'm a virgin 19f AMA
I never want kids 23f
I never want kids. Ama
I am a college music student. AMA!
I have morphea scleroderma. AMA
Mostly recovered from my eating disorder. Started recovering about 10 months ago. AMA
I have typing based tourettes syndrome. Ask me anything!
I grew up with a heavily disabled sister- AMA
My gallbladder was removed three hours ago. AMA
I have a plan, but I need money AMA
I can shit in 10 seconds - AMA
Previous Les Schwab employee AMA
I have survied 4 concussions and have broken my finger 6 times (Also have Dyslexia and ADD) AMA
I'm a public defender in California. AMA
I’m a baby stripper in Los Angeles. AMA!
I am a redneck country boy from Connecticut. AMA
How could a man be more attracted/turned on by women in lingerie, dresses, bikinis, etc. than porn/nudity?
I just had a tooth extracted, my entire side of my face is numb, and my dumb ass still came into work. AMA.
I’m an amateur pornstar! AMA!
I am a Roman Catholic in a school full of kids that hate on me for it. AMA
I am right now hiding in a closet and skipping chapel at school. AMA
I like Answering Questions AMA!
I'm running out of time on this earth ama.
I am a soldier in the Army. AMA
I locked my own car, AMA
it's Feb 2020, AMA
I am a master internet troll and catfisher AMA
I [F 30] babysit my neighbors' kids and I also breastfeed them with their parents' permission. Ask me anything about it.
I Am A PornStar AMA
I'm from the UK and studying medicine in Poland. AMA
I am a UK citizen born and raised and I am third year medical student studying in Poland. AMA
I'm a DUCK, AMA!
I'm from Syria living in Damascus 🇸🇾. AMA
I am diagnosed with Pectus Excavatum,AMA
I absolutely hate the taste of water. Any kind. Every kind of water tastes different and I hate all of them. Ama.
Young adult with autism. I have exceeded all expectations that everyone had for me. Life was constantly getting better but recently I've been diagnosed with schizophrenia. Ask me anything.
4A Games AMA - February 27
I’m from Pakistan. AMA
I am a 26 year old woman with 36E breasts. AMA
Pretty new to Reddit AMA
AMA and i will reply with only "no u"
I am a gen Z, born in 2004.
I am a musically trained kid
I am currently getting chemotherapy as we speak and awaiting scan results on my cancer AMA
[F 42]. I am a hotwife and I finally let my husband click the pictures of me in action along with his friend.
I’ve been working for U.S. cellular carriers for 10 years now. Ask me anything.
Im half blind and half deaf ask me anything
I won't answer your questions AMA
I got caught cheating AMA
I grew up with a sister with severe disabilities who was in and out of hospital-AMA
I worked as a female stripper in a strip club for 3 years. AMA.
I live in Florida, ask me anything
I am a guy 16M who can have multiple full body orgasms. AMA
F 41. Getting back on track after divorce. Photos in.
I missed the last buss with 1 minute. AMA.
I grew up with my sister in and out of hospital ask me anything
I have severe social anxiety and I think everyone hates me. AMA.
Am a 16 year old muslim AMA
I was stuck in an abusive relationship for over a year, AMA
I hate dogs minecraft and john wick AMA
I masturbate with a bar of soap instead of cleaning my pp like a normal person. AMA
I setup my Thunderbird with Enigmail. AMA
My computer got seized by the CIA, AMA.
I don't find animals cute even though everyone I've ever met does,not even small puppies or cats, AMA
My Stepsis is my Niece, AMA!
In bored and depressed AMA
We just have the first case of Coronavirus in my country AMA
I'm an atheist, feminist and a lesbian in a very conservative muslim country.AMA
I'm looking for participants in an interview
I worked as a stripper in a strip club for 3 years. AMA.
I am a gay girl living in the closet
I'm planning to make a Constitution for reddit. AMA
I left my wallet in El Segundo yesterday. AMA!
I'm in the process of coding a revolutionary Google Flat Earth-type of app that will assist in land navigation. AMA!
Sometimes I put a hot dog bun around my penis and pretend my penis is a hot dog. AMA
I have tourettes syndrome! Ask me anything
I don't know the alphabet. AMA
Ex-pro figure skater, AMA.
I have Turophobia (fear of cheese) AMA
My Step Dad was a Mob Boss. AMA
I’m a college student with the mumps. AMA.
I’m a failure at 18, AMA.
I’m a 19 y/o guy living in Kenya! AMA
I’m never stressed about anything, AMA!
Hello, though it may not seem to extreme I've broken two bones scratch that three
I used to bully my step sister, with the help of her own brother. AMA.
I’m writing a tv show and I need to get into the headspace of my character. AMA and I will answer them as my character.
It’s my birthday today AMA
I'm a writer of erotic stories - AMA
It’s my birthday today?
Im gay, AMA
I'm Norwegian. AMA.
I’m a junior volunteer firefighter from finland AMA
I go to the English version of Middle/High school AMA
I play pokemon go every day AMA
I have minus 3 eyesight on my right eye and minus 0.5 on the other, AMA.
I’ve been a supply teacher for Primary Schools for 5 years. AMA.
I'm Norwegian. AMA.
I don’t have an amygdala (part of the brain that controls emotions)
Ask me a question and I’ll answer your question incorrectly. AMA.
AMA and I’ll answer your question with a weird fact about myself.
I have had to most bed shit crazy dreams.AMA
I have black and white dreams. AMA
I remember my dreams when I wake up, AMA
I’m a topper. AMA
I just watched all 8 fast and furious movies in a row. AMA.
I go to a Christian school. AMA.
I have been infected with coronavirus and am now “cured” Ask me anything
I Lived In 6 Different States Before I Was Even 20. AMA
I'm a dog, ama
I live in Belarus, AMA
I won a Nintendo switch from a giveaway on Instagram AMA
JUST FINISHED AN ANOTHER SUCCESFULL CRUSADE. BURNED ALL THE HERETICS. AMA
I went to a mental hospital at 13 AMA
Questions about CBD? AMA
My gf is mad at me. AMA!
I’m in a LDR with a British Muslim and I’m a white atheist girl! AMA
It's 12:43 AM, it's a school night, and half of my family is already asleep in the same room as me. AMA
I’m rewatching the entire sopranos series for the 9th time. AMA
I am a feminist who actively fights against toxic masculinity and violence against women within our society. AMA
I dated a famous YouTuber, AMA!
My older bro (19) is drunk. AMA.
I work for minimum wage at a GameStop. AMA.
I used to be part of the top 5% of students in my city. I’ve dropped out of my graduating year in high school, and struggling to keep up with a 2.0 GPA. AMA!
I'm somewhere between edgy, basic, and retarded - ama
I discovered I have Voluntary Nystagmus. AMA
i don’t want to go to sleep because i’m trying my hardest to avoid the PTSD nightmares, AMA.
I’m in high school and I do Band, Theatre, and Colorguard (not the ROTC kind), I’m taking all of them at once. AMA.
I can jack off without using my hands. AMA.
I'm autistic and considered the strange one in my family. AMA!
I have spent 3 hrs on 2 questions in my online math test AMA :(
I’m in Band, Theatre, and Colorguard (yeah all at once) AMA
I was a GoGo Boy ask me anything
Porn Addict excercising to fight the Urge, Ask Me Anything
I'm an asexual in a sexual relationship. AMA
I am an Orthodox Jew
I study in a school who only caters the top 1% of our province's high school students. AMA
I have an undiagnosed disease. Doctors believe I'm dying from it. AMA
I am a host family for a Japanese exchange student! Ask me anything and I'll ask her.
I volunteer at a Bird Observatory banding birds, AMA!
I'm Thai TDS (Territorial Defense Student), AMA. FYI,TDS is similar to ROTC in US/UK.
I have anosmia (lack of smell) AMA
I am in love with my best friend, AMA.
AMA and i will reply in swedish
i'm eating kfc ama
Committed to get back to daily Meditation (1 hr) - AMA and I will think about your questions and will try to come back with answers!
I’ve paid three different Instagram models for sex, AMA
I'm sat in hospital at 03:45 watching over my 16 day old son... AMA
I was a petty theif for 3 years, AMA.
AMA - Need Karma because... I want it - Will answer all questions honestly!
Yesterday was my cake day, I should've done this. AMA!
I am almost allergic to everything. AMA
I (17F) lost my mom at age 14 due to cancer and I have to take care of my two younger sisters since my dad's busy with his job. AMA
ive been to the psych ward/mental hospital 5 times AMA
I Almost Shot Up A School AMA
I use my a cousin's wash cloth to wipe his piss off of the toilet seat. AMA!
I don’t like getting head AMA
I am a “Human” AMA
I (17F) lost my mom at age 14 due to cancer and I have to take care of my two younger sisters since my dad's busy with his job. AMA
I’m a waitress, ask me anything!
I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints AMA
I've been both pissed and annoyed at practically everything lately, and I have no clue why. AMA
I’m non binary AMA!
I’m 12 AMA
AMA, but edit the question to make my response look rediculous.
I’m an LGBT teen, AMA!
I’m an Orphan. AMA
23 And Never Tried Alcohol, AMA
Lesbian Age Gap Couple- I’m 24f she’s 53f. AMA!
I've been attacked by a Great White Shark AMA
I'm a 14 year old bisexual AMA.
I work in security for almost 200 malls in the USA. AMA.
I’m off the lean rn AMA
I went to a concert at a college, chamber music was played. AMA.
I have a foot fetish. Ask me anything
I am a 37 year old dateless kissless virgin, feeling really down but talking seems to help, so AMA
I used Veet to remove all my butt hair, now i feel my farts as bubbles of gas. AMA.
I am a half Japanese half American kid born and raised in Japan and still live here today. AMA
I just took 12 grams of Kratom and downed half a bottle of wine, I’m either about to die or have a great time.
I (23M) left my girlfriend of 4 years after realizing I was in love with my gay best friend (21M) who is now my fiancée. AMA
I have a music library in my head, AMA.
it’s my cake day! AMA
My gallbladder is getting removed tomorrow (Friday). AMA
I'm a student. AMA
I'm trying to overcome my Asian fetish, AMA
I’m a native Memphian, and have lived here my entire life (32 years). AMA.
I'm a fireman in a town that wants to get rid of all fireman AMA
I am a self-trained Male Contortionist. Ask me Anything!
I hate myself AMA
I was in an abusive realtionship at 14, AMA
I (23M) left my girlfriend of 4 years after realizing I was in love with my gay best friend (22M) who is now my fiancée. AMA
I’m a boy who has a condition that gives me feminine features. AMA
I am a children’s mental health therapist, AMA!
Im extremely thin Ask me Anything
I love racial slurs while having sex AMA
Today I was chased by a crack head...AMA
I play the Pokemon Card game competitively AMA
I am a former Correctional Officer, AMA!
I was emotionally abused as a child AMA
I’m a full time professional Broadway guitarist in Nashville. AMA.
I'm A 17 Year Old Who Works At Shitty Minimum Wage Job At Grocery Store AMA
I want to die ama
I am a Neo Nazi. AMA
AMA About My 5h and 6th grade experience! Currently in 9th
When I was 19, I dated a married 40 year old man, for 8 months... AMA
I just woke up from a 4 hour nap feeling like I'd awoken in another universe AMA
People who work at factories what accident has happened
I just totaled my car at age 17. AMA
I just got hired at walmart AMA
Just turnt 18! AMA
I am a 6'5 former two sport high school athlete who is currently transitioning into a woman. AMA!
I(13M) am at my parents store from 7am to 11pm everyday.
I am 18 years old and have had upwards of 80 pets in my life so far. AMA
I can breathe through both nostrils AMA
I'm in an interracial relationship! AMA
i’m a teenage drug consumer/addict ama😁
i’m a teenage drug consumer/addict ama😁
I have a disorder called DPDR (depersonalisation derealisation disorder) AMA
I'm a man AMA
i chat with random people ama
I am a 6'5 former two sport high school athlete that has since come out as transgender and begun transitioning into a woman. AMA!
I’m taking my ex who gave me HIV to court AMA.
I am a young teen with Asperger's (autism) AMA
AMA - I am a federal student loan service representative. AMA
I murdered my little brother five years ago. AMA
AMA Request: An astrophysicist studying Betelgeuse.
I’m the son of an important person in my town
AMA You Choice! (MCU, Video Games, Politics, Anime, Comedy, Poker, NFL, Movies, That time someone tried to kill me.)
I have gone through a week of NO FAP. ask me anything
My girlfriend just learned that I'm a virgin. It was pretty embarrassing. AMA
I think vaccines cause autism. AMA
I just really like talking about myself AMA
Due to how heavy the rain is outside. Ya boi cant sleep. AMA
I was born into a family of convicts and liars. Ask Me Anything
Today's my birthday ask me anything.
I'm a gay furry who supports trump, ama
i have tourette's and encourage everyone to laugh at my tics. AMA!
About one week ago I wrote a message on the group chat of my class, today the name of our school was on the first page of our local newspaper, Ask Me Anything!
I'm lonely, AMA
I’m pansexual. AMA
I tried killing myself at 15. It has been almost 5 years now and I feel as though I was not meant to live. AMA. (I never used Reddit before to post but I wanted to raise awareness and talk because I never do ): )
I take medication for my anxiety. AMA
I’m an adult... and I just broke with my gf after 4months together🔫. I’m living in the North Europe, having no clue what to do with my life... (living and dying) ama.
I'm a suicidal Starbucks barista...AMA
I had sex with the popular chick in school - 20 years later - AMA
I had the same crush as my yandere friend, AMA.
I am a crazy pet person AMA
I removed a small skin cancer on my arm with toenail clippers. AMA
I worked on a psychotherapy unit for several months as a nursing student. AMA
I am a gambler AMA
Someone keeps leaving turds in random places in my friends flat, AMA
I own four sugar gliders ama
I have a 10 inch penis ask me anything
I'm just a 16 year old Indian who needs karma, AMA
Teenage black belt in martial arts and addicted to video games who found this subreddit and had nothing else to do. Ama
I feel anally violated by my farts, because I can not consent - AMA
I am an athiest agnostic with a lot on my mind. AMA!
I am a researcher, and I have just returned from Antarctica after 6 months. AMA.
I am a JROTC cadet, AMA
My parents gave me a stupid ass name, ask me anything.
I had a cancer scare at age 5. AMA
I work at one of the most popular bowling alleys in NYC. AMA!
I'm a optimistic nihilist. AMA?
How do you think the animators of the series or north koreans would react to squirrel and hedgehog hentai?
I have spent over $25k on in-game currency AMA
Black people of reddit, do you have hair on your arms? If so how much and to what extent has this affected your life?
Been Type 1 Diabetic since 5th grade now I'm on my Junior year AMA
I’m a photographer AMA
I'm the guy who did the AMA on seeing the Google maps car 3 times in one semester. That was last semester, I saw it again today. I've seen the Google maps car 4 times within 2 semesters. AMA!
If Mars and Earth Both sustained Life would there be war or would there be a cool trade route between world ?
I'm a man who crossdresses openly AMA
My Parents are Asian, AMA
Friends are all busy. Home alone and bored with nothing and no one. AMA
I’m a history student AMA
I am otherkin or whatever that means AMA
My cat wants a treat - I will give her one if this post gets 20 upvotes - AMA
Kinda young millionaire AMA
I’m a history student AMA
I can’t sleep because my bf snores and I really don’t want to wake him. AMA.
I just started Therapy!
Just broke up with my gf
I've been depressed for many years and I've planned my death for a few months from now. AMA.
I have undiagnosed tetanus, AMA
My ahegao sweater just came in the mail last month. AMA
I work in a chip shop AMA
I was among the many to experience the Boston Marathon bombing. AMA
I own a 5'5 125 lb ultra thicc big booty sex doll - AMA
I know all the answers to anything. Ask mb e anything.
I'm a branch manager for one of the large international car rental companies. AMA
i woke up wanting to die more than ive ever wanted to in my life, ask me anything
I’m a 18 Year Old With Diagnosed ADHD as well as some other interesting things AMA
I was kinda excited about Mike Bloomberg, then not so much AMA
I’m a meth addict, and almost nobody knows
I poop in the dark - AMA
Im A British Army Cadet And Going Away With Them This Weekend AMA
I’m a boxer/fighter AMA
I have a sinus infection AMA?
I believe the Earth is torus-shaped(donut shaped). Ama!
I had precognitive dreams for a whole month. AMA
I'm son of parent's that won a reality show. Ask me everything
I (22M) just had a colonoscopy! AMA
I [F 40] have started taking care of myself after divorce. Pics inside and please be nice.
11 years ago I got drunk and bought a timeshare at an adult only resort in Cancun...AMA
I have severe gay alien skull and am dating a woman with a streamlined chad skull - AMA
I just played Doctor, pulled out my IV and discharged myself from the ER, AMA.
I am a teenager who decided to be abstinent. AMA
I'm a former feminist turned anti-feminist, AMA
My mom said shell kick me out if i dont vote
My brother was police officer in wealthy suburban area and was just hired on the city police force job and I am nervous for him. AMA
M 20. I have recently started to jerkoff and cum in my mouth and swallow.
I grew up in a city that was just listed in CBS’s top ten deadliest cities. AMA
AMA Request: People who did laser surgery. Is it normal to feel like your eyes get extremely tired after the first 4 weeks and can't focus too well?
Im bored in class and I’m just scrolling through reddit and listening to Death Doom. AMA.
I am considered “famous” on Roblox, AMA
I went to Catholic school for 12 years. AMA
My 10 year old cousin gave birth last week. AMA
I'm 15(F) and I live in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. AMA!
Ask me a question but edit your response to make me seem like a horrible person.
I [F 41] am married, mother of three and a hotwife. AMA
I worked at Chick-Fil-A for 4 years during college AMA
I'm Levan Akin, director of AND THEN WE DANCED. AMA!!!
First generation immigrant, from a family of refugees. 19/M AMA
I'm what most people would call the smart kid. Ask me anything
I believe white fragility in response to calling out racism against minorities should NOT be coddled. AMA
I prank-called a classmate
F 22 I used to have incestuous sexual relationship with my younger brother back in the days.
I'm a former Fascist, AMA!
Last year i got released from prison after 30 years for murder. F/52. AMA.
I Have FSH Muscular Dystrophy AMA
Today I turn 13 years old so I can finally use reddit without getting banned from every sub I go to. AMA
I have 8 dogs. They all live in the house. AMA
Hello hello! I (F, almost 15) have a history midterm in an hour, but studying won't help me anymore. My birthday's tomorrow, and I have a fencing tournament on Saturday (which i'll probably suck at but mmkay). AMA!!!
I (19f) have been diagnosed with Antisocial Personality Disorder. AMA
My dad went to prison for a year AMA
I [F 36] am a tutor who use my body as a motivation for my students to study hard. AMA
I am an alien. AMA
I did 4000 pushups in January AMA
I'm a 14y/o M with a severe crush and concentration problems. AMA.
I have partial anterograde amnesia and have had trouble making memories for 10 years AMA
I'm a tier 3 pokimane sub AMA
Just found out my dad (56m) has been cheating on my mom (52F) with countless women for many years being pretty much a sugar daddy. AMA
I have AvPD, BPD and OCD. AMA
I've been ghosted after having first kiss, AMA
I have a high paying financial services job and have worn the same undershirt the last 5 days. AMA
I let my friend come over, who has a crush on my mother for long time, and use her undergarments and jerk off to it.
I need some karma so I can post on other subbreddits. AMA!
Still in bed and it's 5 pm. AMA
I made a crazy piano video that's now trending on reddit, AMA !
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?
Sat waiting for an interview AMA
I have a girlfriend which isn't something you'd expect since I'm a weeb. AMA
Making a breakfast sandwich... For lunch. AMA
I get ghosted by everyone I talk to no matter my intention, AMA
I am an Indian girl living in India. Ask me anything.
I am a furry. AMA!
I got 2 hours of sleep. AMA
I work at a private beach club for the top 1%. AMA
My (22M) Fiance (22F) of 5 years has BPD. AMA
Normal guy turning 19 today, AMA
My (22M) Fiance (22F) of 5 years has BDP. AMA
I made a post that got downvoted from 1.1k upvotes all the way down to the negatives. AMA!
I have been awake for the last 72 hours AMA
F 25. I was a former collegiate level volleyball player.
Last day of a 5 month long acutane treatment. AMA
I experienced social mobility . AMA
i am a sucessful fentynal dealer now retired ama
Ašk më ãñÿthîńg
I Now Have 1000 Karma After Making Stupid Comments.AMA
Former Drug Dealer— I just beat my second Case AMA
Just comment anything need karma thanks :)
I have a tickle fetish ama
I'm new to Reddit and I don't know anything about it...AMA
I sell nudes and vids on Snapchat to pay for college. AMA
i made a roblox tycoon which has 20.5k visits as of now, AMA
I have a normal Reddit Mentality AMA
I got sexually assaulted for years as a child and it took me years to realise that it was sexually assault and not a relationchip. AMA
nothing spectacular about me but i'm a dancer aye ask me anything
I have been shooting nude photography for 3 years AMA
im in a mental hospital, ama
My family is broken and I'm homeless. AMA.
i am mentally disturbed AMA
Ask me anything while I game!
Ive had home security cameras for 3 years- AMA
Trying to get karma to post on other subreddits AMA and you can ask me about how I’m Australian
Im 12 years old ama
I'm an Autistic Radio producer who hosts a Podcast AMA
Firefighter here, AMA. (Yes I know this has probably been done before)
Less than 9 hours away from starting testosterone-AMA!
can’t sleep AMA
I'm an American teenager living in Australia, AMA.
I have a blue cat, AMA
I'm From Ireland Ama
Im a shopaholic and a pen addict AMA
I recently did an Ancestory DNA test to find my dad. AMA
Just got on a 3 hour train ride to visit my Grandfather. AMA.
I attended a Haunted Boarding School close to a cemetry, located in the woods in a small village. AMA!
I attended a Haunted Boarding for six years located in the woods in a small village. AMA!
I’m a boxer/fighter AMA
I’m a 15 year old who’s autistic, has ADHD and suffered a concussion when I was 13 leaving me with slight brain damage. AMA!
Just moved school AMA
Raised Hare Krishna in Scandinavia AMA
I have uterine didelphys AMA
Ever wondered what goes on in the mind of a teenager? AMA
[21] I have no internal monologue. AMA
I’m colourblind. AMA
I am an Egyptian. AMA
I just jacked off. AMA!
We’re gonna get a snowstorm for the first time since a year ago tonight AMA
I was born with no sense of smell. AMA!
I'm drunk and high as shit ama
[14M] Uh I am socially awkward and have the self esteem of a potato. Yay stress and sleep deprivation! Okay Reddit I'm sure you relate but AMA
This is a throwaway I’m 12 AMA
I have been accused of sexual assault and can’t even go into public in my town without catching a nasty look, ask me anything!
I'm having a colonoscopy tomorrow so today i will shit a lot AMA
I have been an Amazon seller for 5 years. AMA
I had an abortion as a teenager. AMA
I’m wide awake and gotta be up soon and am gonna cry lmao ama
I’m 12 years old boy AMA
i am sick to death of all these people karma farming disguised as AMA's. they need to be banned. do not upvote this post. AMA.
Im awake at night and asleep during the day AMA
last night in vegas AMA
I’m 12 years old
I do not tolerate white fragility in response to calling out racism in society. AMA
I have nothing better to do. AMA
I am a 16yo gay male please ask me anything no limits.
I’m a lesbian, AMA.
They say good things come in twos and I’m bipolar, bisexual, and ambidextrous so AMA
My disease.
Hello I cant sleep AMA
my significant other's mother is the leader of a new-age foreign cult, AMA!
(Serious) I saw, and was touching someone, when they died.
I dont think this will get any attention AMA
I service private people’s planes as a line service technician. Ask me anything.
I’m an American, AMA
I’ve had a benign tumor in my jaw. twice. AMA
I was in a Abusive Foster Home AMA
i am a lolicon / attracted to young people. if you have any questions for someone like me ask away.
I am a crossdressing gay furry that is bored at 1 AM AMA
I am a furry, Im gay and my parents are most likely homophobic. AMA
I made 1000 dollars on feet content alone last month. AMA
Just had my teacher play the USSR anthem.
Im a Customer Sales Agent for Hughesnet Satellite. #AMA?
I’m a stripper, cam-girl, porn model ama
I am the class clown. Ask me anything
I’m drunk ama
Today I officially start Testosterone (FTM) AMA
I was a member of the U.S. ARMY's Ceremonial Unit, 3rd INF REG The Old Guard, Ask Me Anything.
I was the guy who discovered the lost "Oswald the Lucky Rabbit" short from 1927. AMA
Trying to get back with my ex AMA
I have Synesthesia (I see numbers and letters as colors) AMA
Bought my ex AirPods cuz he threatened to leave me so I did then he still left lol ask me anything !
I got my teacher fired.AMA
I talked to a guy on Omegle for 9 hours straight. Ask mr anything.
I'm female to male transgender. AMA.
I am an 18 yr old male who is pretty shy and has never had a girlfriend. I'm also bored. AMA!
I am a Pre-Everything Trans Person AMA
I walked in on the owner of the restaurant that I work at getting head. AMA
Im bored so ask me anything?
i think i chose the wrong university. ama
I'm a 7 time International Gold Medalist, 4 time National Gold Medalist, and 2 time American Record holder in Para-Swimming, AMA!
I've successful flicked two disposable BICS to completion.
I just ended a shakespere show where I played one of two lead male roles AMA!
I have no pancreas AMA
I’m the most ordinary nerd who has ever lived and will ever live. AMA
If anyone between the ages 35-59 would like to answer these middle adulthood questions, that be awesome! I'm a student in college and this is for my psychology class. Before you answer the questions, state you age, gender, marital status and how many children you have.
I am whatever you want me to be, AMA
I suffer from maladaptive daydreaming, AMA.
my friend isn’t supportive AMA
My mom had my sisters and I(14M) at 15 years old. Yes she was a teen mom to twins. AMA
I was born with a very high metabolism. AMA!
I doubt anyone will ask me stuff AMA!
I’m a 19 year old Canadian male, pick my brain apart and ask me anything
I'm 5'1, 83 lbs at age 14 AMA
I just went to 2 hospitals and got a epi pen in my leg because I used a acne cream I'm allergic to. AMA
I’m a 14yo living in Beijing during the coronavirus outbreak. AMA.
First night away from my baby AMA
I used to be a candidate with an order of nuns. AMA
I'm a ginger, AMA.
Autistic young adult with unbearrable anxiety and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. AMA
I’m a transsexual who has gotten “bottom surgery” (FTM) Ask me anything!
AMA I’ve been selling Hyundai’s for 6 years... transparency and brutal honesty have helped me survive in a very high turnover business.
I’m horny and bored as hell, AMA
I am a dedicated LEGO Enthusiast - AMA
45m into a 6hr coding session - AMA!
I used to self harm AMA
Gamestop Employee(s)
Half of my family has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder AMA
Trying to get some Karma to be able to post in some places AMA
I have a rare congenital condition (congenital hyperinsulinemia) and due to a total pancreatectomy now have no pancreas. Ask me anything!
I go to school for Vet Tech and suffer from multiple neurological disorders AMA
I am a 16yo mechanic ama
It's my birthday [15F] AMA
In Canada, milk comes in bags. AMA
After a week stuck in HK, I’m finally able to go back to mainland China where my grandparents are, AMA
I think I found my Soulmate. Ama.
AMA and then later edit your question so my reply sounds very dumb/stupid
I am trying to turn my "Toad is evil" stories a meme. AMA
I'm the world's worst swinger AMA
I can sleep with my foot hanging over the bed - AMA
I'm a 21 yr. old Elementary School Custodian. AMA
I’m trying to distract myself from self harming, AMA
My power's out. AMA.
I'm one of those monsters that high key likes the smell of cigarettes AMA
I have Depression, Anxiety, Gender Dysphoria, PTSD, Personality Disorder and a Eating Disorder, AMA!
I Have Tried To Commit Suicide. AMA.
I'm a human person. AMA
I’m a 17 year old guy who has parents that let him smoke weed (as long as my sister finds out) AMA
My favorite sitcom of all time is Fraiser AMA
Mu favorite show at the moment is Frasier AMA
I grew up Amish, AMA.
I'm a real gamer, AMA
I went to a very prestigious private girls school, AMA
I'm the guy who asked, AMA
I am a Security Officer at the biggest Shopping Mall in my region of the country. Every shift we deal with crime, we are regarded as some of the most elite guards in the area by other security companies. AMA!
Pro Wrestler Here To Answer All Your Questions
I thought only women had wombs. When I was a kid, they taught us in grade 8 health class that only women were able to get pregnant. I can't believe things were so backward then. I think they knew the truth and were hiding it from us in order to support their capitalist agenda. AMA
I have generalized anxiety disorder AMA
I dont allow myself to eat bread. AMA
The two other guys in my band are arguing AMA
There is nothing special about me, ask me anything
I am the son of a demon. Ask me anything
I fear most religions AMA
I'm high school student in Poland AMA
I am new on reddit. AMA
I'M Scottish
12 Fingers
I just finished watching SAO for the first time. AMA!
I’m bisexual. AMA
tried to end my life a dozen and a half times in the last year. AMA!
I'm a British person attending an ER in the USA for the first time. AMA
I'm a hairdresser. AMA
I wish to have some company AMA
I work at a care home (home for the elderly and disabled) AMA!
A professor assaulted me in front of the class today and I’m going to the title 9 office tomorrow AMA
Just got home from emergency surgery to remove an 8cmx4cm ectopic pregnancy outside of my Fallopian Tube AMA
My body only needs 6 hours of sleep, AMA
I’m a male sociopath diagnosed with ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder). Ask me anything.
2 years ago, I stopped a man from committing suicide and helped him turn his life around, I was able to help him move back to his home country where he reconnected with his mom and now works a stable job, now being able to help her financially AMA!
I'm a member of NAMBLA, AMA
Painting my nails, AMA And I’ll answer when they dry
Creating my game, Never Lost: Our Story! AMA! 4-6 P.M. PST
I want to become a politician AMA
I am a HONKER ama
I’m sick and bored AMA
I was a hall monitor in elementary school AMA
I'm autistic. AMA.
What is something expensive you bought online that most people wouldn't think you could order?
I made a school threat AMA
I’m an amateur author and started to write a novel. Ask me anything.
I'm A Functional Drug User And No One Knows, AMA
I should be doing homework. AMA
I am a person who ran away from home at 16
I keep pet rats, AMA
A guy who invited me to his prom a month ago recently changed his mind without telling me, for a girl he just met. Feeling really sad:( AMA.
I like Hollyoaks AMA
My number is 666. AMA
I’m a 17 year old student who has an incessant imagination. Ask me anything
Should I leave her alone for awhile?
I support Michael Bloomberg for President. AMA
IAmA adult bedwetter (medically), and for the last 8 years I've worn diapers to bed every night. AMA.
I have studied the apocalypse. AMA
Took a child molester to court and testified against him twice when I was 11, after hearing he’d been abusing my best friend. He was sentenced to 19 months and is currently free. AMA
I'm an Indian [18 F], AMA.
Have a bachelors degree, but going back to get an associates in Brewing Sciences. AMA.
I have been inside inside and admitted into a psychiatric hospital. AMA
My father is paralyzed from the neck down. (Quadriplegic)
I am 14, autistic, and 6’2”. AMA!
I should go to sleep AMA
Hopefully intuitive math advice
I'm just a normal dude. AMA
I successfully masturbated on my 100th Starbucks toilet seat over a two-year period. AMA!
For anyone who used H&amp;R Block to file taxes, how was your experience?
I'm 17 and never had my first kiss. Ask me anything (advises are accepted too)
I was once a junior college baseball player and avid weightlifter. Now 9 1/2 months later I haven’t recovered from biceps tendinitis, and I still have pain everyday
i’m autistic. AMA
I'm me, AMA
I wanted to personally thank the LGBT community for finally driving the Boy Scouts into bankruptcy because of the multiple lawsuits triggered by the massive amount of boy diddling being done by gay scout masters. So great work, guys. AMA
I have PTSD and photographic memory, AMA
I just sped through a school zone at 93 MPH while passing a yellow school bus with its lights flashing. AMA!
Just found out I have Borderline Personality Disorder AMA
I am an (ACTUALLY) unattractive woman, AMA
Just finished writing a Book Called Cross-Talk about the effects of the indoctrination of Christianity, Philosophy, Psychedelics, Being an American, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Growing up, and so much more. AMA!
Just finished writing a Book Called Cross-Talk about the effects of the indoctrination of Christianity, Philosophy, Psychedelics, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Growing up, and so much more. AMA!
Went on a few dates with a girl before she said she didn’t want to date. Near a week later now she texted me. AMA.
I'm the man who almost drowned in the Lego City river. AMA!
I'm the man who almost drowned in the Lego City river. AMA!
I'm the man who almost drowned in the Lego City river. AMA!
The majority of my threads are ignored ama
I'm just a pretty average 16 Year old, AMA.
I used to live in a haunted house AMA
I'm a SCP fan AMA
I am a Silver 1 in CS:GO. AMA.
Home sick and bored, AMA
I'm a 20 years old barista in Italy AMA
I have Turner syndrome, AMA!
Im a 13 year old watch collector
Had my first prostrate massage
My dad is rich, AMA
I'm 23 and I've slept with 94 guys, AMA!
I poop to much..then I get tired AMA
I am a 6 foot 11 inch tall guy...AMA
Im a Fat 6 foot 250pound (113kg) male AMA!
I HAVE A RARE GENETICAL DISEASE which causes my eye power to continuously increase...AMA
I'm a gay furry who supports trump ama
I'm 11 years old AMA
ONE OF THE HAPPIEST DAYS OF MY LIFE AMA
Who has not tried Gfuel and wants to? AMA
I'm a mail carrier AMA
Ive posted good morning/night everybody for 4 months now, AMA
I am a criminal who has been researched for throwing men in the river of Lego city.
I slept back to 8:30 instead of 9:30 and I was much less tired! AMA
Ask me anything then edit it so i look like an idiot and a loser
I HAVE SOLE FETISH (bottom part of foot).. AMA
I'm a senior Opthalmologist (eye doctor), AMA
I'm a talent buyer! AMA!
I [22f] have intense synesthesia! AMA!
I just popped a zit on my dick. Ama
I [34M] dated a porn star for three months, AMA
AMA but after i answer edit it so i look like a loser
High resolution custom ceramic printing.
I spent the last two years bootstrapping my first game development AMA!
I work at a pizza restaurant (Ledo Pizza, DMV area). AMA
I work as an escort to pay for college, 19F AMA
I love to ride a dirtbike
I am a lolicon, ama
I'm that chick you hear about who got pregnant in the dorms. AMA
Through Ancestry DNA, I surprisingly found out I have a half uncle AMA.
My phone’s at 3%. AMA.
I’m a 17 year old, 6ft lightskin with curly hair. AMA
I am being raised by Boomers, AMA.
I am currently in the psych ward on evaluation ama!
I've finally started to be able walk (with crutches) after being basically wheelchair bound for a month! AMA.
I'm a misanthrope AMA
Currently in an ALICE training thing at school. It’s an active shooter drill for the whole school and yes I’m in an American high school. AMA
Nothing
Request: The Last Moviefone employee
I hate Mac and cheese, AMA
Israel IDF just finnished my service AMA
My school served pizza everyday AMA
I'm a 18 year old boy in third year of physics bachelor AMA
Im an 18 year old with a bad skin rash on my nipple AMA
I’m a 17 year old who’s 5ft tall (150cm). AMA
I have Misophonia, AMA!
My alt account is Mabama34 AMA
I am a Car Enthusiast, Metalhead, and someone who is part of the LGBTQ+ AMA
I got a perfectly preserved pie in fallout 4, AMA.
I'm nearly done going through my email AMA
So today I got fired because I didn't want to do what I am not hired to do. AMA
I'm Egyptian AMA
I turned 17 today! AMA :)
I'm the scum of the earth AMA
I have Aspergers. AMA.
I just found out my uncle is my dad ama!
I’m a failing highschool student AMA
Contact John for any Hacking Deal AMA
I can eat a lot of food and not gain any weight. AMA
I worked at Guantanamo Bay. AMA
I'm a suicide survivor and have just come off life support. AMA
I am the person that you don't know AMA
I’m [21F] donating platelets! Keep me preoccupied for an hour and a half?
12 year old. AMA
I have three diagnosed anxiety disorders, ask me anything.
I am a writer of corridos alterados. This art form is a off shot of Narco Corridos. Basically it's a more extreme version of Narco Corridos. I just wrote a new one about the characters from Friends joining Los Zetas. AmA
I'm (M16) on the edge of commiting suicide, AMA
Hi im not human AMA
I’m 15 never found love and is straight. AMA
I am a 15 year old Etonian. Ask me anything.
I am a 16 year old student who is in his 2nd year of high school engineering classes AMA
I've been a massage therapist for ten years this year. Ask me anything.
My stools are huuuge ama.
I'm bored and i wanna talk with some redditors. AMA!
I have Alice in Wonderland Syndrome AMA!
I'm in a hobby orchestra, AMA!
My dad is a diagnosed Sociopath AMA
Today is my birthday and nobody in my family told me happy birthday. Feeling a little sad. AMA
I'm a sleep deprived 14 y/o dude, whit a sense of humour so dark it would get pulled over by cops for no reason. AMA
I hear violent voices in my head( amoung other mental health issues) AMA!
I’m currently waiting for a ride at Disney world. It is almost a three hour wait. AMA
I'm convinced that Donald Trump is Earth's greatest leader in a millennium, given his many accomplishmentsand influence. AMA!
I made $350k last year in the life insurance industry. AMA!
I don't have an "Internal Monologue" AMA!
I don't have an "internal monologue" AMA!
I have two dads (14F)
Tax Questions? We Got You Covered!
I'm voting for Mike Bloomberg, AMA
Vietnamese kid who grew up in a French environment, AMA!
Was living with my rapist until 21 ama
I’m The man that fell into the river in LEGO city, AMA
I have a double nationality (Mexico and USA)! Ask me anything!
My dads and millionaire AMA
What was one time your gut feeling was completely wrong and ruined something?
[F4M] Anyone wanna Chat?
I went from -99 karma to +250 karma in under two weeks. AMA!
What do you do with the first and last piece of bread?
I am the one who flew too close to the sun AMA
I am suffering from coronavirus. ( yes this is real). AMA
I'm 15yrs old from Hong Kong studying in Portugal ,AMA
I'm 16 and I just got my first tattoo, AMA
I'm a 19 yo (M) living in Iran ! AMA!
I’m a 14 year old pansexual, AMA.
Ask me my top 5 of whatever
I am allergic to water (aquagenic pruritus)
I’ve been a Walt Disney world photographer for 14 years, AMA!
I am driving an unregistered 50cc scooter with a broken taillight and when I went out I saw 2 cops pull up
I am 15 and should be revising but am lying in bed on reddit AMA
AMA another selfish genie
I am Russian AMA
I have a broken hand. AMA
IAmA asexual (M16) who plans to remain single for the rest of his life. AMA!
A street cat scratched me and now I’m going to the hospital bc I need to get antibiotics and shots! AMA
I (f 29) am a former au pair who got sexually assaulted by her host dad when i was 19 and started an affair with him out of fear to be thrown out of the house AMA
I have PTSD and bipolar depression. AMA
I’m an Arab on Reddit, which is kind of uncommon. I think. AMA.
Aight y’all I’m drunk again, but I’m. Only drunk this time ama
Been sick for about a week, and im home alone listening to music AMA
Bored, 14M.
I am the father of Caroline Flack. Ask me anything.
Im a 17 year old normal guy from Romania AMA!
I am the prez of USA, AMA
Relatively successful 19 year old with high-functioning autism, AMA
I'm a 15 year old rapper. AMA
I am a high ranking Satanist. AMA.
Ama for karma
I'm Transgender (Female to Male) in the middle of transition, I'm 18. AMA
I was a cell mate of Robert Downey Jr!! AMA!!!!!!!!!!
AMA guy from Ukraine
I'm in therapy recovering from Stockholm Syndrome. AMA
I can itch all the itches on my back with one arm easily AMA
About to try to go to sleep wish me luck and dont wake me up also AMA I'll tell you how it goes
i am currently drunk as FUCKing SHIT off boxed wine go ahead and ama lol
I should be sleeping because I got training in the morning AMA
My penis is pierced, AMA
I'm scared of fighting and standing up for myself AMA.
I can give you great life advice AMA
There was a fire across the street. Ama
I am bored AMA
I have Necrotizing Fasciitis. AMA.
I'll get offended over litterally anything you say, AMA
I had sex in public and was caught by security. AMA
My Mom Passed Away Sunday, AMA
I am a regular person AMA
It’s early, I just woke up and can’t think straight. Ama, I’ll regret this.
First one to guess what my favorite number is gets gold AMA
My gf and I had a friendly fight between our dnd characters. I won and now she's upset... ama
This is the start of a beautiful thing.Say something nice, or share a cat fact. AMA!
I have a lazy eye (Amblyopia). AMA
[SERIOUS/TRIGGER] I found a dead body when I was 8 years old, AMA.
Crippled Dude AMA
I work at a huge Nordstrom warehouse, which contains high end merchandise like Gucci and Versace AMA
16 yr old, haven’t been on social media (Instagram ,Snapchat ,Twitter etc.) for three months, AMA.
I am a male who was in an abusive relationship (victim). AMA
My cat just jizzed on my table - AMA
I’m horny ask me anything
I have decided that I will delete my account after 5k karma. Ask me anything.
Told my therapist my life story and she told me that it’s one of the saddest things she’s ever heard and I have tons of trauma AMA
I was beaten to a pulp by my vegan friend when he found I was lying about being vegan. AMA
I am Doug DeMuro AMA
moving 4,000 miles away from home on thursday, AMA!
Currently sad over a girl I’ve liked for 8+ years, AMA
I'm a retired pony porn artist AMA
My best friend has started to date my Ex AMA
I use logic to answer most questions. AMA
My parents are Deaf. AMA
I’m a stripper. I talk to 100’s of guys a day. Guys or girls who need advice AMA!
I used to be 12 ask me anything
I’ve been working at subway for like 6 months now. AMA
Today, I smeared Nutella within the inside of two Starbucks bathrooms because they pissed me off. AMA!
I Got Kicked In the Head by a Horse When I Was Four. AMA
Person from Florida that knows a good amount about natural history and was a hippy for a little bit. AMA
I have short sleeper syndrome AMA!
Laying in bed bored ama
I am a Soviet Ww2-Coldwar reenactor, AMA!
Help I’m stuck on the toilet with diarrhoea and my phone is on 4% how do I spend the rest of my time?
AMA About my 6th grade experience (now 9th)
I’m 16M and have OCD, Depression, and Anxiety AMA
Ask me a question and then edit it to make me seem evil
I diagnosed with OCD ama
I have been watching CW's The Flash since the beginning. AMA.
I spend all of my free time playing video games, AMA
I have Aspergers Syndrome and I'm 22 AMA
I have ADHD ama.
Feeling suicidal, AMA
Im am ADHD engineering student. Ama
Just saw George Takei. Ask me anything.
I called a special ed kid a retard once, AMA
I’m a former British army sniper spotter AMA
Yes, it's another one of those "AMA but edit it so I look like a psycho"
I’m a verified pornstar on pornhub, ama.
AMA
I need help with tips with getting gf
I want a friend. AMA
I sort new. AMA.
Its 3am and im freezing AMA
White man bad. AMA
I'm a hardcore integral yoga student, AMA
I'm lmost 17 yo from Finland. AMA
I'm a former furry. AMA
My dad just came back from getting milk after 7 years, AMA
I just told my Mom to FK off - AMA
I just watched my Grandmother pass, she couldn't remember who I am. AMA
My girlfriend is currently dating another guy I can’t stand, AMA
So I juat came out to my mom as gay. AMA
Ask me anything
I am a millenial who STARTED writing exclusively in cursive when I was in college, AMA
My friends are weird as hell ama
I'm sexually attracted to tractors ask me anything
I am an airline pilot; ask me anything.
I have a gay dad AMA
I am an activist fighting against white supremacy and racism in the prejudiced nations of the US and Canada. AMA
Its 2:40am and I gotta wake up at 5am, for an 8am lecture (+GMT). AMA
I am currently in an open, polygamous relationship, AMA
I trashed 2 classrooms, 1 dressing room and the back shelf in the library today. AMA
YTber with around 10 subs, AMA
I’m lonely and don’t have any friends. AMA.
I am lying in my bed AMA
Ghost Writer Required - University Psychology Assessments
I'm in the process of having an abortion, AMA
Hello Just AMA About Life It Can Be Anything
Just shit myself in class ask me anything
I'm living in Beijing during the Corona virus AMA
Catoptrophobic AMA
My dad is a diagnosed psychopath. AMA
Contact John for any Hacking Deal AMA
Italian New Yorker that leans heavily into both with my personality. EY IM WALKING OVER HERE AMA.
Waiting to early vote-NV. 2hr wait. AMA!
I dated a girl with Borderline Personality Disorder, AMA!
Teenage kid
my mom wants me to sleep rn and its 7:52. AMA
I'm a big chain retail pharmacist have held role as manager and staff pharmacist. With the recent NYT article that came out, would love to answer your questions AMA
I'm a middle schooler and haven't made a gay joke for an entire day, ask me anything!
I color code numbers in my head, sneeze when I look at the sun, and cry at any random time.(Not depressed at all). Ask me anything.
I am a virgin techinally... but...AMA
I'm 16 and look and sound like I'm 26 AMA
I’m a garbage man! Ask me anything!
I am Italian Ama
Mass behind eye, on frontal lobe
I’m a college student currently trying to stay awake in a night class. AMA
I'm a furry ama
My Delta flight has been siting here on the tarmac for two hours and my phones at 8% AMA.
My wife is mad at me, and I don’t care AMA!
I’ve tasted the ice cream from McDonald’s, AMA
I've never dropped the shampoo in the shower and have no idea how loud it is. AMA
I am a very cool lad AMA
Got my heart broken a week ago by my best friend, AMA
ask me a question then edit it to make my answer look bad
Is the corona virus airborne?
I go to Eton AMA
I live at Wuhan, ask questions to me.
I’m recording a DND podcast AMA in a couple hours AMA.
I have an exam tomorrow and I'm anxious AMA
Sudennly I can reply to my own comments for some reason
I am a classmate of someone who is a daughter of a millionaire and granddaughter of a billionaire. AMA
i'm failing two of my easiest classes AMA
i'm failing two of my easiest classes AMA
Im 41 hours awake now AMA
I have trichotillomania (anxiety disorder where I pull out my hair). My eyelashes are starting to grow back and my eyebrows are mostly grown in again. AMA
I (21afab) was recently diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. AMA
I [44M] just found out my son’s [18M] girlfriend [25F] is a professional camgirl, AMA
I just saw a guy buy a pack of kinder and KitKat with flowers to a girl to end up friendzone him AMA
I wanna ask anything to people who made long distance relationships work
I’ve taken one shit per hour for the last three hours. Ama
I was recently diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. AMA.
Putin is my uncle AMA
i tried to make friends through ama
I'm a raccoon, ama
I will reply wrongly. AMA
Here’s a list of 17 things about me from my almost mile high club experience to a lie I told everyone when I was in 8th grade AMA
I have diagnosed OCD with positive insight. AMA.
Ive been a victim of an online pedophile when i was around 9-10 for several months. AMA.
I just exhaled right after inhaling AMA
I am a manga reader AMA
I’m a non offender pedophile. AMA
I am a misanthrope (meaning that I dislike humanity) AMA
I work as a Doorman (bouncer) for a bar in New York City. Ask me anything.
i’m lonely and need someone to talk to ama
I’m 20 and I haven’t had a girlfriend yet. AMA
I'm someone who thinks the Soviet union single-handedly won ww2. AMA.
My family is republican and I'm the black sheep who's democrat. AMA
I'm a Flag Geek AMA
I need a penny to buy something and I'm searching the entire mall parking lot for one - AMA
I'm a Data Entry Clerk with no files to work on and looking for new job on my work computer. AMA.
In the process of having an abortion from Aid Access due to failed birth control, AMA
In the process of having an abortion from Aid Access after my birth control failed
I'm not here for upvotes or anything I just want to help you in any way like suicide attempts/daily problems/family problems. Just ask me and I'll try my best to respond as fast as I can.
AMA, then after I answer, try to edit your question to make my response seem offensive.
I am cotton candy. AMA !
I grew up in the 1% of wealth AMA
I was involuntarily admitted to the local psychiatric hospital a few months ago. AMA.
I'm a Trans Guy, Ask Me Anything
I am a former White Nationalist skinhead AMA
Bored and horny teen 14f AMA
My mom is a Karen (literally) AMA
I will awnser your questions as if I was a profit ama
I'm drunk, high and on cocaine. AMA
I am spanish guy that lived the chernobyl accident AMA.
Kid of an emotionally parentifying mom. AMA
I feel suicidal, I feel like this world is not real, and it's only a fake to hide me or something. Please AMA
Bored in class. AMA
I am having really annoying night. AMA
First time shaving my pubes. AMA
I work at a petsmart ama! I’m so bored
I skip most, if not all, cutscenes in video games AMA
I am a brother of an Airbus A319 pilot. AMA, so i ask him and answer you!
I’m a Gen Z that refuses to use social media AMA
I was mentally, physically, and emotionally abused by my (now) ex-best friend. AMA
I AM THAT ONE GUY WHO DRINKS EVERYTHING IN A CUP FULL OF ICECUBES
I am a student of Mechanical Engineering at a high-level engineering university. AMA
I’m an Irish person living in Ireland. AMA
I am a Toonophilliac. Ask me anything.
My mom (40) is dating a guy (26) after she got divorced
I learn and do stuff quicker than the average person AMA!
I've just been offered a place to study Paramedic Science at University. Ask me Anything.
I have had 11 teeth out while awake AMA
What’s one thing that happened that changed what you believe in?
I've had 5 double Jack Daniel's and cokes AMA
I live in Sevastopol (one of the most secured cities in Russia) ama
I have met a real Nazi. AMA.
I'm a pilot, flight instructor, and former ATC - Now I teach kids to fly. AMA!
My child was almost kidnapped by a “celebrity psychic”. AMA
I’m an asshole ama
I wrote and self published my first book (Children’s book I wrote for my son) on Amazon. AMA.
Im a saudi arabian gay teenager AMA
I got a $100,000 bonus. AMA
I am an Academic Talent in my country. AMA.
I am 24 and have lived in Maine my entire life. AMA :)
I have just 'acquired' an instant family! AMA!
I was Bullied for having different political views AMA.
In the process of having an abortion from Aid Access due to failed birth control, AMA
I am the Spanish inquisition ama
I am the Spanish inquisition
I'm a kpop fan, AMA.
Im 16 and love all thing sex related AMA
I am 12M who has recently started studying Mandarin. AMA.
I went from 16.7/20 in j.highschool to 18.2/20 in highschool AMA!
I know way too much about Joseph Merrick (AKA The Elephant Man), AMA.
Ask me anything.
I'm 15 and addicted to nicotine, ask me anything
I’m 13 and my 91 year old Grandad just passed away. AMA
my best friend/crush has gone to navy boot camp and i miss them :( AMA.
I am a idiot - ask Me anything.
I’m 24F and I’ve never had a boyfriend. AMA
I’m a 25 year old man currently being gangstalked by the local community watch. I’m also very good looking. AMA!
I am the son of a billionaire, AMA
AMA! How Pursueing A Relationship too Early On and Needy Behavior Causes A Girl To Lose Attraction Tips to avoid doing
I'm voting for trump this november ama
Five years ago myself and half of my gay rugby team became sex workers for a summer. AMA.
I’m an extrovert who has beaten depression, AMA.
I'm Transgender (ftm). AMA
I (16F) am secretly dating an adult. AMA!
I AM Amun Ra ask me anything
I Have Tard Strength. AMA.
Hello, I’m Michael Valentino and came from a made up cult operated in the outskirts of San Francisco. AMA!
I live through race wars high school AMA
I’m a K-POP idol fansite. Ask me anything
I took one for the team today at school when presenting
America is the place of cold beer,hot chicks,opportunity and racing. AMA
I’m an apostate living in Pakistan. AMA.
I hold two worlds records AMA
I have a PhD in psychology, AMA!
I help engineers study abroad, AMA!!
My friend’s poop was in my sink. AMA.
I’m a teen in the cali school system that doesn’t work. AMA
I’m 12 AMA
I scammed 79,000 Euros on here on reddit AMA
I'm a professional shit wiper AMA
Today i asked a gitl if she was alright, and now im aparently too pushy and and should chill from asking people if theyre ok ama
I recently visited my grandparents in Syria for 2 weeks. AMA
Vietnamese kid who grew up in a French environment, AMA!
I’m a vegetarian. AMA.
I'm your average 11th grader. AMA....!
14M diagnosed with tourettes AMA
I'm a Indian American kid who has 2 doctors for parents I am literally the indian stereotype in America. AMA
I’m a factory worker in Indiana. AMA!
I’m in school rn ama
I am a recent graduate of a new university, UCFB, which specialises in Football Business AMA
F 30. I babysit my neighbors' kids and I also breastfeed them with the parents' permission for five days a week.
Canadians are pretty much the same as Americans except we're more intelligent and better looking. AMA
Ask me anything and I’ll ask a question about you based on your profile
Y'all! My wife is now a citizen of the United States!!! AMA!
I attempted suicide two days ago. AMA.
I’m a 16 yr old from Texas. AMA
It’s my cake day AMA!
Being an entrepreneur AMA
I'm an urban explorer who has explored over 75 places AMA!
2 months ago 2 kids came into my school with loaded guns and lists of names. AMA
I was born and raised in Florida my entire life and have never been out of the state. AMA.
Contact John for any Hacking Deal AMA
I’m a 16F and I constantly think I’m sick or I am going to get others sick, AMA
[14M], ask me anything.
I (F 41) am a woman who is into the hotwife lifestyle for almost two decades. I seek men for sex outside my marriage with my husband's (M 44) knowledge and approval.
I run a small shop called Sneed's Feed and Seed
I am just an average college-going kid of 17 from Assam, India. AMA
The Democrats don't have a hope in Hell of winning in 2020. The only question is who they pick to take the fall against Trump. I think they will plan a strategic defeat so they can say, "Well, our candidate only lost because America is too homophobic/sexist/racist to elect him/her." AMA
I spent a couple weeks in a psychiatric ward for suicidal thoughts ask away
Raised naked
I live in a brothel in Ontario, Canada. AMA.
Being a slut for my best friend. Story about how I ended my giving blowjobs to my friend and then ultimately ended up giving him my ass.
I was a pageant child. AMA
I have lived in Idaho for 17 years AMA.
I'm A 14 Year Old With Psycotic Features ,Autism,DMDD,Depression,(Disruptive Mood dysregulation Disorder)Or Some Bpd Charecteristic AMA
I recently got vaccinated and have had many allergic reactions from it AMA
M 41 business owner. AMA
I had my arm moving time from time uncontrollably yesterday, AMA
I have been reborn since the beginning of time and have lived since the very start of mankind AMA
I’m home sick, 14F AMA
F 35. I am a busty high school teacher and ask me anything about my professional as well as my personal life.
I think it's obvious that men who think they are women are still men. All biologists agree. It doesn't matter what operations you have or how many drugs you take- you're still a man. That's why men being able to compete equally against women at the 2020 Olympics will destroy women's sports. AMA
I'm having a breast reduction in 3 weeks AMA
Ask me anything
Im allergic to cold, AMA!
Lawyers of reddit, how did a victim or the accused accidentally prove themselves wrong? Tell me your story.
My old friends are trying to pressure me into drugs not really an AMA
I'm a skin specialist AMA
I cured all my addictions using baclofen. AMA!
I have watched every episode of South Park roughly 3 times ask me anything
Ask me anything
I have a crush on my younger sister, AMA!
I am ‘The Antichrist’. AMA
I am a voice actor currently attending Film School, AMA!
I have epilepsy AMA
I am a religious person who does not support LGBT yet I’m gay AMA
I am bored ama
I’m Australian ask me anything
I'm planning on just not showing up to work anymore AMA
I’m not popular at school ask me anything
I went to school with princesses ama
I just touched my dog’s arse and now I regret it. AMA
I’m a ginger. Ask me anything
I'm hanging out with my friend, AMA
I am a 19 year old french male who was rapped at 14 by a girl during a summer camp in London. AMA
I'm a female Forklift Driver
Association For The Cannabinoid Industry Cannabis Regulatory Experts AMA
I was hospitalised and sectioned at 15 for psychosis, AMA
Just had emergency surgery. AMA.
Edit your questions to make me seem like a cruel human
i once ate an entire cucumber, ask me anything.
What's your take on Greta thunberg?
I work night shift in an ER... we currently have 0 patients. AMA!
i have Molluscophobia. AMA!
I’m Dutch AMA
I'm autistic AMA
Infantryman AMA
I’m sitting in the break room at work waiting for shift to end, AMA
I am guy who drinks his own sperm. AMA!
I just learned that I cant be a blood donor, AMA!
I’m a stippling artist currently working on a project that I’d like to have completed by sunrise. Keep me company, ask me anything!
19M I genuinly identify as animals, it’s called therianthrophy (unrelated to furries). I felt it entire life, it influences most of my decisions. Can be personal, AMA.
I'm a girl that goes to middle school in Finland. AMA
i was born with hydrocephalus. ama!
I can technically speak 5 or 6 languages. AMA
I (20yr/M)was raised Christian but now I’ve been an atheist for 6 years. AMA
My dick fell off AMA
I have lung cancer doctors reckon I’d be dead in a few weeks. Ask me anything
i’m from nyc AMA
I’m an electrical safety engineer working with testing products from manufacturers around the globe, AMA
I just pierced my ears at 1am AMA
AMA Ukraine
i’m high as shit AMA.
I once spent 2 whole days lost in a forest without food (and little water) AMA
AMA 18 Year old "edgy" teen whos now on fbi watchlist
I'm 22 and I'm going to kill myself soon AMA
I’m bored and tired. Let’s get personal AMA
i have perfect pitch (i can tell what any note is when i hear it.) AMA.
i am the daughter of 1st generation immigrant parents AMA
If your grandparents were onboard the Diamond Princess I'd just like to know how everything's going, AMA!
I just got the same karma number as the year I was born! AMA
I'm a 13 yr old boy ama
I am a non offending pedophile. AMA
I went AWOL from the military for a year with a Top Secret / SCI clearance - warrants were issued, and I was eventually caught, arrested, and interrogated. AMA
daughter of first generation immigrant parents AMA
My Parents Are 'Influencers', AMA
I'm just beginning to realize I'm worth something, AMA
I was diagnosed with a megacolon - AMA
I was literally dying 1 hour ago without everyone noticing
I'm a 14 year old male with a boyfriend in middles school. AMA
I’m gonna attempt to sleep after a night of being scared and overthinking about my future. I guess I can answer some questions when I wake up.
Im an American born Indian (16 M) AMA
Spam me with questions, and AMA.
I Am Mexican AMA
i am mexican AMA
we are teaching our grandson that clean diapers are a privilage and not a right ama
I'm half-Ukrainian, half-Russian dude born in Donbass and currently living in Crimea. I have access to pro-Russian, pro-Ukrainian and pro-Western media at the same time, as well as observing reality by myself, thus I am somewhat un-biased (at least, I hope so lol). AMA
I’m procrastinating, ama
I (36M) always match clothes with my wife. AMA
I eat 7-15 ice cubes per day. AMA.
From Indonesia , Ask Me Anything
I am someone who is in a quarantine Zone ask me anything AMA
I’m a guy who has a really hard time with trusting people to do stuff for me. AMA
I'm Probably Going to be Forced to Have an Arranged Marriage, AMA
I have the knowledge of the universe. AMA
Im bored. AMA. literally anything..
I am a diagnosed Schizophrenic AMA
I an a diagnosed schizophrenic AMA
I was diagnosed with diabetes at age 19 AMA
I am a student in a k-pop dance (team) club in my school, AMA!
I am a Cards Against Humanity white card. AMA
I'm non binary. AMA
I will answer all your questions with a cards against humanity white card. AMA
I'm a Full-Time Dominatrix in Florida, AMA!
Met my best friend online 4 years ago, when I was 14, met her in real life last June, AMA
I’m from a conservative Jewish family and I’m dating and have a baby with a Muslim AMA
I'm bisexual. Ask me anything!
I have the most unique life story ever
I am the person who flew too close to the sun AMA
I'm a Fascist, ex-Skinhead and ex-NeoNazi. AMA
I'm a 911 operator. AMA
I'm a Farmer ask me anything
AMA I am 17 and have a 7 month old daughter
I'm a Tejano (Hispanic Texan). AMA.
I’m 16M with Depression, Anxiety, OCD, and PTSD. AMA
I’m not gay but I’m potentially about to ruin my life telling my close friend and roommate I’ve been in love with him for a year AMA
I am a musician called "Musicplex23" who has a song on Pandora with 2,023 streams. AMA!
My son [18M] is dating a professional camgirl, AMA
I’m a 33 year old guy who doesn’t leave the house anymore and hasn’t worked in 4 years because I have very bad ringing ears and sensitivity to noise. I’m also writing this from inside my wardrobe as it’s raining loudly outside. AMA
I'm a 27 y/o white male born HIV+ ..AMA
I'm sad, bored, and want to talk to someone AMA
I need song ideas AMA
I'm a male AMA
I’ve suffered with suicidal thoughts since I was a child (24F) AMA
I am my sons friends cumrag
i’m a celebrity AMA this is should be fun
I'm F16 and have been homeschooled my entire life, like never set foot in a school. AMA!
I work at psychiatric hospital
I just saw the Sonic Movie. AMA.
I’m a Professional Ethical Hacker, AMA
I’m a 16 year old Texan guy with a passion for sports and tech and is politically mild. AMA
My boyfriend controls when I wear panties AMA
I'm expected to go through with a type of arranged marriage. AMA
I am straight, but my penis is gay - AMA
as a white man, I have no issue with using the word NIGGER on a daily basis ama
I will not answer your questions, AMA
I made an omelette for the first time in my life... AMA!
i’m a drug dealer AMA
19f grew up around biker outlaws in Australia since i was 15 AMA
I'm asexual, I'm black, and I'm also sex-repulsed. AMA.
Today is my birthday and I spent it alone. AMA
I've (26M) got first-ever 3rd date tomorrow, AMA
I out pizzaed the hut, AMA
I was sent away to rehab for two years at age 13. AMA
I think president trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I'm a senior at an all-boys military boarding school! AMA
I am a girl on Reddit who also plays video games. AMA
I’m a junior in High school juggling 4 APs, theatre, choir, model un, student government, and a job, AMA!
Im a sociopath AMA
I deleted Reddit, AMA
I have a bunch of uncommon diseases AMA!
I’m gonna delete Reddit in 1 minute, AMA
I (28M) have been living with my roommate (29F) platonically for three years, AMA
i’m a sociopathic AMA
It’s my cake day, AMA.
I just finished Pokémon Sword, AMA!
I am a Sheep Shape Theorist AMA
AMA and then change your question to make me seem like a saint!
I have technically died AMA
I live in Orleans. The old one. AMA
I’m a 23 year old virgin female, AMA
I cant sleep due to work anxiety AMA
I have S.A.D (Social Anxiety Disorder) AMA
I’m bored. Ask me anything deep and personal.
I live in the old Orléans, AMA.
I am a somnophiliac, which means that I become sexually aroused by someone who is unconscious. AMA.
I just ate a few dried apple slices before realizing the bag expired in June, 2018. AMA.
I’m a refugee in the US. Had to leave my country because of political prosecution and threats. Lost everything I had. After two rough years without even speaking English, things are finally starting to get better. AMA
I’m 16 years old, depressed and have no real way to get better besides helping myself but i hate myself. i called the suicide prevention line life today for the first time. Ask me anything.
I was in a tv show for 5 years, starting when I was 10. AMA
I'm a high school freshman game developer. AMA!
I lave the most boring life ever ama
I live in an apartment, and enjoy listening to my neighbors have sex AMA
I have 2 lesbian moms ama nothing is off limits and i won’t get offended
I used to work for Dolls Kill where all your online orders were sent out from! AMA!
I am the crown prince of an European country. Ask me anything!
I’m a 16 year old aspiring cartoonist with what I believe is a bad art style, in desperate need of improvement. AMA!
I watch anime ama
Was arrested at a party, AMA
Im bored sooo AMA
I am a high school podcasteur, AMA!
I’m beating my meat, AMA
AMA about the key to my asshole
I was recently hired to be a water pipe repairman for my cities water dept, I am just waiting to get my start date. AMA.
Im tired as hell and am at work AMA
The Biscuit of Love has floated into the universe and has ushered in the dawn of The Universal Brotherhood of Man. AMA
I'm getting married in less that a month to my first girlfriend at only 19. AMA
I just finished grand theft auto v story mode
I am a High School Student/Podcasteur/Developer/Entrepreneur; AMA!
I am a teenager with a trust fund, AMA
I am an amateur writer, and am currently trying to write a book, but writers block has got me beat. AMA
Im drubk
I just booked a flight to see my girlfriend that I haven't spent time with in over a month. AMA
I got some fire lyrics comment if u want to hear them anal
I’m going to go in a mri Machine AMA
I am 18, i have bipolar disorder, cachexia, stage 4 liver cancer, i am disowned by my father and have none to so little friends. AMA.
I'm a workaholic AMA!
I’ve(F) been in a relationship with a married woman for the last few years. AMA
My grandmother was an alcoholic. She successfully commit suicide with sleeping pills and police found her in her apartment. AMA.
21 M 4th year engineering student
15 male, came out as bisexual a month ago. I’m honestly just doing this cuz I’m bored. AMA
You choose the topic and AMA. (MCU, Politics, NFL, Why someone tried to Kill me, Video Games, Anime, YouTube.)
My grandma nearly died of a stroke, AMA
I'm a 22 year old member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Converted when I was 16. Ask me anything, Reddit!
I've been living alone for a combined total of 7. years over the last decade, consecutively for the past 5. AMA!
I’m sad, ama
I am going to finish the episode of my favorite tv show and end my existence. AMA
Im From The Future AMA
I Have Corona Virus. AMA.
PART 3: I’m a quarantined Diamond Princess passenger who evacuated to Lackland in San Antonio via a chartered government flight! AMA!
I’m a former bullying victim. AMA
I’ve been told the way I think is very strange. AMA
I was almost kidnapped
I've Created My Own Langauge Due To Boredom, AMA
I am a Asexual Panromantic Trans Person
I Am 1/2 Rusyn, 1/8 Slovak, 1/8 German, 1/16 Habsburg Austrian, 1/16 Hungarian, 1/16 Czech, 1/16 Polish and 1/64 Byeolorussian. AMA!
I had weed for the first time in my life, AMA.
I'm Canadian born and bred, AMA
I was falsely accused of rape, and it nearly destroyed my life. 8 years later, I’m finally getting everything together. AMA.
I'm a hardcore gamer, AMA
I've been a Furry for 4 years. AMA
I Created The Simulation AMA
I am the quiet kid at school AMA
My dad is a mayor of a town in the state of Georgia. AMA
This is not a post about tampons or pony play. This is a post about issues that concern men. Men of action. Men involved in manly endeavors. AMA
I’ve been a nude figure model for life art AMA.
My brother is an incel and just called me a “femoid” AMA
I’ve slept for two days straight ama
I’m the son of the CEO of an engineering firm (he’s a wealthy, conservative business owner). AMA
I TOOK A SHIT SO BIG I STARTED VOMITING (repost) [nsfw]
I am lyft driver with a perfect 5.0 rating. AMA
I'm playing 4 complex ensemble characters and understudying a lead in my school's musical: AMA
I am your stereotypical nerdy quiet kid in high school. AMA
I'm from Texas, Ask me Anything.
I hold the world record for the highest score in Subway Surfers, AMA
Im from Argentina, AMA
West Prison gangs and narcotics Office
I could of been a School bomber/School shooter. AMA
I'm a college student living with Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome AMA
I have reason to believe that I am a low functioning sufferer of Antisocial Personality Disorder. AMA!
I like subway
Girlfriend of 2 years just broke up with me less than 12 hours ago...AMA
I have very bad allergy’s AMA
I’m a failed musician AMA
Im a victim of a gacha pedophile ama
I am human
I’m a DoorDash driver AMA
i am a furry, AMA!
Ultimate Frisbee player in high school, AMA
I lived in a few haunted houses ask me anything
I'm a recovering addict at 16 AMA.
I am an Italian teenager and I have nothing to do right now, AMA
I’m going to be taking college level classes when I start my freshman year of highschool. AMA
I am a simple 16-year-old teenager who works and studies in Argentina, with its very bad economy and progress. AMA!
I must study for an exam but i cant concentrate so fk it.AMA!
I have a severe physical disability! AMA
I'm diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, autism, and psychosis. AMA.
I can tell you a fact about any year after 1800. AMA
I’m so extra that I’m wearing a tiara (as a male in this body) to work
I was a orthodox Christian once, now I am a Satanist. AMA.
I’m British AMA.
Sometimes I fart on my hand and then smell it. AMA
I am creating a new code of football - Ask me Anything!
I have twitter just to roast Trump AMA
I Have Autism AMA
I'm Croatian. AMA
I’m 72 hours from rehousing my dog. AMA
I`m ex-Killer not Assassin One is a job. The other one is a Mental illness AMA
i withdrew from college as a music ed major because of the marching band. AMA.
28M I worked as animator for 3 years in Greece in a 5 star hotel AMA
i was abbducted by aliens when i was in my 20s ask me anything
[SERIOUS] I have an abnormally active sex life.... AMA!
I worked alone in a kitchen at a popular fast food restaurant ama
I was on Ashley Madison dating site. AMA
I live in Belarus, was studying in Poland. AMA.
I'm rewatching all of the series of Doctor Who (New Who). Ask me Anything!
I'm dating an egirl AMA [serious]
From a Third world - Developing country AMA
I'm in the restroom, home alone for another 4 hours, no toilet paper left. AMA
My female friend just told me that she had sex with a (male) horse AMA
My dad's a flat earther AMA
I'm a SJW AMA
I have gay parents AMA
I have severe depression(ICD F33.3) AMA
I sexed an SJW so good, that she became conservative - AMA
I am a polyglot. AMA
i eat all of my food seperately. AMA
I believe the earth is a globe. AMA
AMA because I'm bored
Me and my friends are writing a story, where we put ourselves and our friends into a mafia scene, with alot of death, betrayal and drugs. AMA
I think everybody should stop coming down on The Nuge. The Nuge has correct politics and he's not a homosexual. The Nuge has fantastic phrasing and he plays a Byrdland. How many people do you know that have the class to play R&amp;R full fucking volume on a Byrdland? Ted Nugent is a great American. AMA
(14/F) I'm a Muslim from Malaysia, AMA.
I've got a split personality. AMA
Killing Characters Every Time
I was rich my whole childhood and now (i’m underage) my family became poor. AMA
My IQ is 152 and I voted for Trump.
My favorite gummy bear is the white one. AMA!
I want to fap, but know the next one will give me a scab - AMA
I’m a female motorcyclist, AMA
I just got my front teeth replaced. ama.
I am bubba in prison - AMA
I live in Russia.AMA
On a cruise ship that won’t let us on the Iland of Fiji without a health check. Because of the Coronaviris. AMA
I'm 23, female. I was a heroin addict for 4 years and I've been clean 6 months today.
At the moment I'm pissed off. AMA.
I can make an offensive comment a compliment, AMA!
I’m easily offended by everything. AMA.
I’m stoner 🤟🏻 AMA :)
I am a former Timeshare employee (management) AMA
I am a 11 year old. AMA
I dropped out of highschool my senior year, about a month ago. AMA
Im A 14 years old Muslim. AMA
I roasted a teacher and they called my parents AMA
AMA
I´m a Speedrunner and I have 3 world records of Unkown games. AMA
I am friends with the quiet kid. AMA
I will be 18 tomorrow ama
I'm a flat earther, AMA
Just finished my first shift of my first job at Build-a-Bear, ask me anything!
I’m a young adult living in bavaria aka hardcore germany AMA!
Ask me anything
My GF does not do anal with me, but says she did it with another guy - AMA
I have a severe phobia of spit. AMA!
A annoying trope is happening to me right now ama.
child of a narcissistic mom and schizophrenic, anti social bipolar dad AMA
I’m on a long car journey with a baby (not the driver don’t worry!) AMA
This morning i found out i have Corona. AMA
I currently work in the job position the degree I am working on lands me in. AMA
I'm an openly queer girl eho lives in a Muslim country AMA
I'm from Key West, Florida. I currently live close to Coober Pedy, Australia for work. AMA
I’m a Trans Muslim girl who was born in Iraq AMA
I was bullied most of life, and grew up with an abusive brother, AMA
I was able to get my real life name on reddit. AMA
Up here in Canada, the Indians are blocking the railways all over the country to protest the construction of an oil pipeline on "their land." In other words: they want money. They want money for their smokes and their beers and the fucking government better god damn well pay for it. AMA
Not only do i go in the school bathrooms, i also can go up 6 steps without the rail at a time. AMA
I pee with my pants down around my ankles - even in public. AMA
I'm about to go get a tooth pulled for the first time. AMA
No introduction, no context. Just ask me anything.
I just learned knotfest isn’t something furry related ama
I've been diagnosed schizophrenic at age 21 and BPD at age 18. AMA
I'm a manager in a McDonalds branch, AMA
I used to be the brother and father of my beloved wife. Until I killed her and married our daugther. AMA
Some random middle aged man is fixing my hot water heater
I'm kinda triggered
I was in a school shooting. The kid almost killed my teacher. AMA.
I’m Finnish, AMA
I am a male feminist in a sexless relationship - AMA
I am a firefighter/paramedic working in a metropolitan area of Michigan, AMA!
I turn 18 tommorow AMA
I'm a 13 year old white boy from South Africa AMA
School closed due to corona virus, AMA!
I watched the Vegan Documentary Dominion while eating a large pepperoni and beef pizza because my vegan friend said he would pay me $10 to watch it, money wasted! AMA!
I don't respect women - especially single mothers - AMA
School closed due to corona virus
I wear my shoes inside my house AMA
Sometimes at work, when there are no women in the office, I'll use the women's bathroom. AMA
YKYZ AMA with Christopher Noel at 4 pm EST today!
My long time WoW girlfriend turned out to be a beautiful woman with huge breasts - AMA
Before I was diagnosed with diabetes I survived a blood sugar level of 80 (normally it should be under 10) AMA
I Am a Descendant of Original Habsburgs. Ask me anything.
I am a senior member of the KKK and a 6'4 black man is dating my sister - AMA
Ask a 12 y/o anything
It’s been a week since my first kiss, ama
I own and operate a 200k Instagram meme account AMA
I hope Harvey Weinstein is found not guilty. The whole case against him is a big load of bullshit. AMA
I am a Hoosier. AMA
I’m the developer of a text based pro wrestling simulator. AMA.
I live in Saudi Arabia, AMA
I was bullied by adults in middle school and that lead me to being depressed, suicidal and having other mental illness related problems. AMA
I'm that one friend in the friend group everyone makes fun of. AMA
Im "taking a test" in my history class right now. AMA
I lost 35kgs in a year, AMA
Stuck at the hospital. AMA.
Contact John for any Hacking Deal - Expose cheating partner AMA
I am a furry. AMA!
I'm locked out of the house with my dog. AMA.
Pulling an all-nighter to finish one of my last assignments ever. Just dropped a cap because yolo. Ask me anything
Recently, I got my first award ever... and fucked it up, AMA
Quitting drugs. Rejected by fanclub. This sh*t is serious.
I woke up late and got to class in 23 mins AMA
I'm a lifeguard
[25M, Married, Vet] Currently in treatment with a Psychologist on a weekly basis for the past year, AMA
I actually really enjoy the effects of MDMA, and do it twice a year.
I just got my very first Gold medal. AMA
I am a Numale Canadian. I voted for Ladyboy Trudeau. I believe in free breast implants for transsexuals. I believe in man-made global warming. I believe Diversity is Our Strength! AMA
I have persistent depressive disorder... I have survived bulimia, anorexia and self harm and many, many, years of self loathing AMA
I don't like mayonnaise, mustard, or ketchup. AMA
Tax Questions? AMA
I own a company that manufactures industrial robots ama!
I have a 12 inch penis - 5ft9 white male, AMA
I'm currently high on nutmeg, AMA
It’s been a week since my first kiss, AMA
I have read the girl with the dragon tattoo on audiobook over 400 times ask me anything
I worked night shift maintenance at Walmart ask me anything ?
I was naked in a newspaper
I got together with my GF 2 weeks before her dad died AMA
Im currently babysitting my 19 month old brother. AMA
Going home from grandparents house after a 2 day visit AMA
I have an irrational fear of drinking alcohol. AMA (im under 21)
It’s been a week since my first kiss, AMA
I live in a castle, AMA
Im an Hispanic trump supporter. AMA!
I'm a young (18) Dutch Wikipedia editor. Ask me anything!
I've had undiagnosed stomach issues
I have had severe social anxiety for 16 years. AMA.
Had to go to work today, my birthday, on my province's "Family Day" holiday. I think I'm the only person at work in my community. AMA
My girlfriend is currently asleep on me... AMA!
I'm from Kerala... AMA
Im a 12 yo part german part russian kid. AMA!
I broke my new $1,190 phone minutes after picking it up by the store, AMA.
I work at Wendy’s, AMA
It’s 3AM I’m at work with nothing to do, I’m a 19 y/o trans man and I work as a caregiver AMA
I am in a boring as hell 3 hour lecture AMA
My dad is famous AMA
I am the son of a African Dictator. Ama.
I'm a normal guy living a normal life
I’ve had a paper cut in my eye, AMA.
18 year old recovering poly-addict. AMA
I once had a surgery to set my balls in the right place. AMA
I have face tattoos. AMA.
I went from a suicidal high school kid with no ambitions to getting accepted into graduate school and having a promising career to look forward to. AMA
I (17, M) Am Somehow Able to Attract Almost Any Girl My Age. AMA.
Elon Musk Is My Third Cousin. AMA
I’m 32. Female. Virgin. Ask me anything!
I moved to a developing country AMA
I’m an high functioning autistic uni student who just got offered a place in medical school AMA
I am a USC Student (Junior). Ask me anything
I am diagnosed sociopath at 12 AMA
I had my first kiss + lost my virginity in the same year {F19} AMA
Im a an active communist both online and in real life. AMA
19 year old Correctional Officer
i am an high functioning autist (f16) AMA
I’ve lost 27lbs since November. I have about 48 more to lose. AMA
I dont have any real emotions, but im very good at faking them. AMA.
ive mixed various types of drugs (opiates, benzos, alcohol, weed, cough syrup, and benadryl) in one sitting and couldnt move for hours. AMA
I (F 22) am a stripper from Houston AMA
I am a welder with years of experience AMA
i have never eaten a fruit or vegetable in my life.AMA
21 y/o female
I’ve been working at Trader Joe’s for more than a year AMA
i’m on the lecture of chemistry AMA
I screwed up big time by forgetting to sign up of a test in uni. AMA
I have (diagnosed) Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD) AMA
currently creating a language, AMA
I have tryptophobia, nyctophobia, apiphobia and emetophobia AMA
Bored and cant sleep ama
I have to sever bonds with two of my only friends because of their toxic behavior and it's part of my selfcare goals. AMA.
I can lucid dream almost every night unintentionally, AMA.
i live in the Netherlands. AMA
I'm tipsy right now. AMA.
I lived in Palestine for 9 years so AMA
[Live Thread] WGC-Mexico Championship 2020 Golf Live Reddit Stream
I come from a cancer family AMA
testing
Hi.... I’m Gabe Ask me anything
I'm mtf trans and my parents don't support me.
I just watched a really good horror movie. (Movie in comments) AMA
I’ve been on HRT for 16 Months, AMA
A Chinese, A self-proclaimed philosophical Taoist, A lineage holder of Tai Yi Dao. As in Chinese 太一道. AMA.
I killed my father. AMA
I live in British Columbia in Canada AMA
I Deadass B an Italian-descended New Yorker, so AMA
I can almost never pee at a urinal when other guys are around, I always have to use a stall. AMA
First post
I am the CEO of Ambrosia, the company treating patients with young blood which conducted a clinical trial. AMA
I self harmed for years and I'm now nine weeks clean, AMA
I am desensitized to pretty much everything AMA
I’ve Hypothetically paid 2 escorts for head on 2 separate occasions AMA.
New One for me tonight. I helped catch a child preditor. Ask Me Anything.
two days ago i got told by my ENT (ear nose throat doctor) that i need nasal surgery AMA
I'm ust over 7 years clean from drugs &amp; alcohol. AMA
I’m a 12 year old ethical hacker. AMA
I’m a 12 year old hacktivist. AMA
I am being gangstalked, without a doubt. Ask me anything.
Ask me something, then edit it to make me look like hitler
I am in the NJROTC High School Program (Military like program), AMA
girl in parking lot offered me a blow job in exchange for fries AMA
Moved to US from Pakistan in 2018. AMA
I just finished saving a bird from dying of a highly dangerous disease. That is my job. AMA
When I was 10 my life was messed up and I had suicidal thoughts (ama)
I can tell your age just by looking at a picture of your vagina AMA
My brother has committed exactly 11 crimes, Ask Me Anything
I am starting a quest to try Caesar Salad all over California. AMA
I’m Scottish, AMA
I (20M) wear women underwear instead of men briefs. AMA
I have a jobless 32 year old brother that is still living in my mom's house AMA
I’m alone all week with my dog while my wife and son are on vacation. AMA
I am in the ER for 7 hrs now after being told I had a minor acute stroke AMA.
I'm 15 and survived 3 suicide attempts ama
I'm Australian AMA
I’m a 5”4’ guy AMA
I'm salty and mean. AMA and I'll give you an angry response without using cuss words :)
I’m a rape victim AMA
I’m a rape victim
My first child turns 1 today. AMA
Some people say I’m a bruja. AMA
I wanna disprove all NASCAR haters. AMA
I'm pathological liar. AMA!
It’s currently Winter Break: Part 2 where I live. AMA
I'm Persian. Ama
My family just visited and came back from Shanghai, China. AMA
I'm a really mean person that looks really nice. AMA
I’m a 21 y/o trans dude and unable to actually move forward in my transition (Christian/Catholic family members &amp; diagnosed with a hormonal disorder). AMA
14 year old girl in 9th grade. AMA
Hello I'm the son of a ~50 millionaire. In my second semester in college, and I'm also the very first person in either side of the family to go to college.
I just hit my mom with ok boomer ama
I'm Chinese, but my nationality is Canadian and I live in the USA. AMA
I'm a fencer(sport). AMA
I am unresponsive, AMA
Three gallons of piss in my closet
I’m 12 y/o AMA
I have to stay up 27 hours straight every week. AMA
I’m a mortuary student. Ask me anything!
I am in 6th Grade and have an unusually large vocabulary. AMA
I'm 12
I am NOT a Star Wars fan AMA
I am being trained to be a professional killer AMA
I am being trained to be a professional killer AMA
I have never ever ever gotten a hold medal before pls give me one ama
I’m twelve AMA
I am super f***ing sick rn and feel high ama
I’m a genie! I will grant your wish, but there will be some unforeseen side effect behind it.
16 year old browsing Reddit, AMA
One of my eyes is farsighted and the other is nearsighted. AMA.
I am a beginner on GDevelop AMA
I started my life over from scratch about a year ago. AMA
I am from India ask me anything
It’s 4 am A M A
I was the man who pushed the man into the river in Lego City
I am a child AMA
AMA- me need k🅰️rm🅰️
I will incorrectly answer any question, even if it is open-ended. AMA
Finance/banking/investment/life/relationships/hedge fundsAMA
Im moving to NYC with $3,000 AMA
I just tried to fill up my body with some very good red wine and I am to open the fifth bottle (it's a Château Mouton-Rothschild 1998) and maybe I will fall asleep soon. AMA before that happens!
I can create a story from anything.
Pick a color and I will tell you your personality
I’m bored so I guess ama
I’m an activist that believes people who get caught racially harassing others in the U.S. should have charges pressed against them like they do in Canada, Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, etc. AMA
I’ve been on reddit 3 years, AMA!
I'm your average confused, depressed teen AMA
I’m an activist that believes people who get caught racially harassing others in the U.S. should have charges pressed against them like they do in Canada, Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, etc. AMA
In my life I must have attempted suicide hundreds of times. AMA
Tell me something about yourself and I will tell you your perfect meal. TMA (tell me anything)
having a bad time AMA
Arrested for Terror related charges when I was 18.. AMA
I'm a stay-at-home mom whose baby is cluster feeding AMA
I’m finishing up an extremely successful series rTMS treatments that have rid my depression of 19 years. AMA!
just had my birthday, went through my gf having an abortion, grandma died, just got back from her funeral, breaking up w gf soon. go ahead.
I can answer any math question. AMA
My 6 year old brother thinks the earth is flat.Even though we’ve explained to him why it’s not. AMA
I'm a military brat. AMA!
I am being “gangstalked” in Saskatchewan, Canada. Ask me anything.
I am a 14 year old normal boy AMA
I watch dubbed anime instead of subbed - AMA
I am related to a former boss from 1 of the 5 families. AMA
I got rejected to be on my high school baseball team today, AMA!
I hate living in this shithole of a country AMA
I Turn Myself On AMA
I have all the sexualitys AMA
I had a fistfight with the rare deep water jew. Ask me anything
I want to die rn, AMA
where the fuck is my parade for being a straight white male?
I am the one that hurt them. ask me anything
I'm a (17m) that itas having a hard time with depression and anxiety. How do i "cure" this. AMA
My whole family has a mental illness and has or has had depression, AMA
I AM A BISEXUAL ama
I have had my account for not even 2 months and I have almost 8k karma, AMA
I am now walking the two hours it takes to go to work because my car is broken down. AMA
I just finished programming a discord counting bot hack AMA
You will never feel what l felt
I'm a normal person AMA
I’m lightheaded making me feel high ama
I am Muslim &amp; met my spouse only 3 times before we were engaged. AMA
I just busted an amazing nut to porn and feel really high rn. AMA!
I am scientist of birds (ornithologist), AMA
I'm a furry, ama
I can fap without God seeing - AMA
I’m a horny girl, AMA!!!
I'm a 14 year old who is going through kidney failure since 10 and I'm getting a kidney in 3 months!!!
15 year old virgin, ama
I am ex police officer who spent 2 years undercover in a terrorist cell AMA
I collect fossils and gems Ask me anything
I was professionally diagnosed as a sociopath few hours ago and dont know how to feel about it, ama
Ex prisoners of reddit how would you write up your time inside as a Yelp review ?
AMA I had sex today
I (25f) lost my virginity to my best friend's husband last night and she overheard the whole thing.
I am a 22 year old Jewish guy with an 8 inch dick, AMA
I'm not the son of a Chinese billionaire AMA
Scared roommate
Im a 15 year old ski racer who skies 6 days a week, AMA
I had my right leg amputated at 7 I am now 15 male. AMA
After a suicide attempt at age 15 I was in a coma that caused me to have an insane spiritual experience &amp; temporary brain issues. AMA!
I'm watching Star Trek: Voyager. AMA
I went to a public catholic high school AMA
My cousin sexual abused me when I was 9/10 - 13
I’m the shortest person wherever I go. AMA
I live in England. AMA
I went to a Public Catholic High school and primary school. AMA
I got sexually assaulted by a gay man when I was 12.
I am a racist AMA
I was homeless when I was 15 and have been homeless a few times since, AMA
I just lost my virginity today AMA
I was almost got cought by the police and killed
I'm fourteen year old with a pain addiction a lot of probable mental disorders, dyslexia, adhd, and I'm a lesbian. AMA
I've never made as much as I am right now. I am starting a brand new FT job at a mega global financial consulting firm next week making 46k. Ama.
Ive been having a great time using Reddit after deleting the Facebook. AMA
I moved from Thailand to Russia. AMA
I will respond with an animal I think you are. AMA
I grew up in a countryside and not in a kindergarten
I'm 27(she/they), have ALS, and live in a nursing home! AMA
I run a troll sub that revolves around trolling a famous content creator/twitch streamer. AMA.
I am completely emotionless and heartless, ask me anything.
I am a birth mom/first mom. AMA
Just started Skyrim for the first time (because my best friend bought it to me) AMA
I am a 19 y/o girl that loves metal music AMA
I’m a straight male AMA
I was a drug addict and I quit. Ama
I am a grandchild of serial killer Ted Bundy AMA
I was working as a shop assistant (12 hours a day, 5 days a week). AMA
I am a Turkish person that lives in Belgium. AMA
I recently started taking Kratom to stop drinking. AMA!
I’m a medical horror story AMA.
I have studied all the evidence and the conclusions are incontrovertible: The only race to suffer from institutional racism are whites and the only people to suffer from institutionalized sexism are straight white males. AMA
I have 4 nipples and my parents are NOT from the same family or blood line
I have hiccups AMA
I just got fired from a job.. AMA
My psychiatrist said that I have the worst case of OCD he's ever seen, AMA.
Well it's been more than 4 seconds and I didnt die :) ama
Imma be dead in 4 seconds ama
My favourite colour is green, AMA!
I am a younger teenager in eating disorder recovery, ama
I just broke up with my boyfriend... AMA
I am twelve years old and have just been on the set of Netflix the crown AMA
I was released from prison 3 months ago. I was locked up for killing my girlfriend. AMA
I'm Belarusian. AMA
I'm a mix gypsy and jewish. AMA
I'm red and green colorblind, AMA
My boyfriend is a millionaire, ama
I am a 15 year old in rehab. Ask me anything
I have traveled beyond the wall of gayness. AMA
I have synesthesia. AMA!
Driving across Canada to start over, AMA.
I'm a guy who was a drug dealer
My crush just asked if I liked anyone or if I was dating anyone AMA
I quit YouTube addiction, video game addiction, Reddit addiction, and on the verge of quitting porn addiction. AMA.
My(13M) niece and nephew are older then me. AMA
I can't smell
I will get triggered with every single question...AMA.
I’m a very tall (7’1ft) guy . Ask me anything!
I'm a guy from Serbia (Balkan region of Europe, former Yugoslavian country, Slavic country). I'm 19 and I speak Hungarian (my main language, Serbian and English. Ama
I was clinically dead for 15 minutes. AMA
Have been on oxygen for last 24years AMA
I bought an air-fryer today. AMA
The total amount of high schoolers (9-12) in my school is around 100.
I'm in the theater about to see the Sonic movie that my S.O dragged me to. AMA about things to answer after this thing.
I’m a seemingly normal, fairly good looking and successful guy who can only find fulfillment through my partner making love to other men. AMA
In high school, I dated a girl named “Ana Kin” and I dated a girl named “Sky Walker” AMA
I own exotic pets that range from ugly to dangerous &amp; lethal; AMA!
i have two moms ama
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder (Split/Multiple Personalities) Ask me anything.
Just experienced a small haunting
Im never going to have sex or have a girlfriend. AMA
I’m a Correctional Officer in a state-owned Prison in the U.S. AMA
I'm a Professional Audio Engineer who has only worked with Underground Rock, Rap, and Electronic Artists. AMA
I’m ethnically North Korean, but was born and raised in Canada (mom is a defector). AMA
I’m a socially anxious 12-year old and my sister is going to relay the questions to me
Licensed cosmetologist
Im just a normal 15 year old teenager dude. AMA
Im a millioner AMA
At the age of 6, sexual abuse began... AMA
downvote this if you're gay
I’m getting my 3rd brain surgery, next wk AMA.
I grew up without the father figure....AMA
I just turned 19, AMA for no reason at all
My aunt is 3 months old... AMA
I am an independent fashion designer... AMA
I’m a driver for ups. AMA
I’m a normal 14 year old dude who lives in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. I know I might not be that interesting compared to other people in this sub, but AMA! :D
I’m an urban explorer and I explore abandoned places for fun AMA!
My cats are older than my little brother. Ask me anything.
Ask me for any advice and I’ll try help you out!
Just bought my first Investment Condo
I'm a bts fan ama
My school has been all over the news lately because we had a sex cult 10 years ago. AMA !
I really like fortnite. AMA
I live in quite a rough area in England, AMA
I am a perfectly normal human being. AMA.
I was arrested for a DUI after driving my brother an hour to the nearest hospital after he severed an artery in his arm.
I’ve been balding and receding sense I was 14. AMA
Bi, 15F, Theatre Kid, AMA
I live in Russia.AMA
I'm a Turkish person, AMA!
I am a feminist who is constantly harassed by misogynists and racists for speaking out against social injustices within society against minorities. AMA
I am told I am a very good advice giver. Let me help you out. AMA
I believe when Trump is elected to his second term, America will be set permanently back on track. Climate alarmism will end. The marxists infesting the government and the universities will be driven out. The Supreme Court will have at least 7 real justices. Life will be great again. AMA
I’m one of those band kids you hear so much about, and I’m bored. AMA.
Im from Estonia, little country in EU where Kazaa, Skype was made and everything can be done via mobilephone. AMA
I’m a 20 year old full time audiobook narrator. AMA
Aspiring poetry/song writer, 20, M AMA
My name is Rhonie AMA
I am a maladaptive dreamer. AMA
I live at a farm and I am 15 ama.
My (22M) Father (66) recently passed away from pancreatic cancer AMA
I just graduated U.S Navy Boot Camp. AMA.
I'm a Jewish Athiest in a crazy religious family. AMA!
somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me. AMA
I am a half-Mexican, Half-African, Born in America, Currently Living in Canada. AMA.
I was born almost 2 months early and almost died. AMA
My mom made me dress up in a suit and tie for church, AMA
I have a dysfunctional relationship with my mom, ask me anything!
I stupid (most of the time), AMA
I will roast you with any answer I give you. AMA
I’m Jewish. AMA
I have almost every card in clash royale (I don’t have electro wizard or royal ghost) AMA
I am a pathological liar, AMA
I'm a basic bitch AMA
I'm hypomanic and I can't sleep. AMA.
I am a pyschopath with extreme sense of... senses really.
Waiting for a game of overwatch to start, AMA
I'm diabetic since 2016 from Ukraine. Ask what you want
I am a doctor in a country with socialised medicine/universal healthcare. AMA
I own Lamborghini Huracan Performante ama
I am an introvert AMA
I get turned on by hearing girls go pee. AMA
I have a life where i can rarely get through a day without specific wisdom. Ask me anything.
My great grandfather invented Reddi Wip, AMA
I am oldman Internet. AMA
Any idea why 19B soup is called (19B)?
school edibles
I am an alpha male, AMA
I'm hiding deep in the closet from my religous family, who expect me to go through with a type of arranged marriage. AMA!
i’m nonbinary, ask me anything!
I am Jewish. AMA
I’m Australian AMA
I just completed my Pokédex in Pokemon shield AMA.
I am a normal human. AMA
I am a lesbian. AMA about sexuality that you've been wanting to ask but haven't wanted to ask out of fear of being offensive or something.
I can feel everything in my dreams. AMA
I am gay bowser AMA
24 year old female from Australia
I'm an Indian student learning French in college. AMA
I believe man-made climate change is a hoax. The radical left is using the scam of climate change to centralize power and remove the sovereignty of nations. The U.S. under Trump is the biggest impediment to their plans. This is why Trump must be re-elected AMA
AMA but I'll try to answer as non PC as I possibly can and you're gonna change the question to save my karma in this platform
22/m Just had sex for the first time in well over a year, ama
I’m A Guy With A Physical Disability (cerebral palsy). AMA
I live in Taiwan, the island with building tensions from China and the USA, Ask Me Anything.
I (F 18) am studying mechanical engineering in the 3rd best university in engineering (ETH Zürich) in a class where only 10% are females and in a language I barely speak. AMA
I'm a mom of 2 toddlers and work full time. AMA
Bored Canadian guy lol I’ll try to answer anything AMA
I'm handicapped since birth (but you wouldn't notice it) AMA
I just got to church and there's blood splattered everywhere - AMA
17f, currently 38 weeks pregnant AMA
[AMA] I‘m a Narcissist w/ narcissist parents &amp; a thing for other cluster Bs
A teenager living in Saudi Arabia
I’ve watched the entirety of BoJack Horseman, AMA.
Feeling creative today going to play Dreams AMA
Feeling better than yesterday ama
Im from Germany AMA
I try to help destigmatize mental illness by doing a podcast about living with depression. AMA
(23F) and just want to know what state my mental health is in right now.
i have to pee and im on 6 % ama
I'm Japanese high school student.AMA!!
Bored AMA
I have 2 cockatiels, AMA
I'm an ex jehovah's witness who has no contact with family. Ask me anything!! (:
I was admitted to a mental hospital at the age of 13, AMA
19 year old female working in a sex shop, AMA
I am almost certain I'm experiencing an MDMA overdose right now
Im bored AMA
I am a 16-year-old Indian girl, raised in China, AMA!
I have immigrated from Romania to Germany 5 years ago. AMA!
Im a german ask me anything that interests you!
I’m a beginner freediver, AMA!
I like programming. AMA
My best release day so far! #AMA
I was raped a year ago by a group of people.
I am the the 'silent kid' of my class.AMA
I am a completely normal 15 year old that just likes older things. AMA.
All my friend betrayed me AMA
I have dermatophagia disorder for 13 years. AMA
I know every answer to any question. Try to prove me wrong or ask serious stuff
I'm 16 live in Belgium an can legally drink beer
I just realized I was the crazy EX! AMA
My parents are first cousins, AMA
F[19] currently hungover, AMA
I work at Chick-Fil-A. AMA
My friends just had sex in the same room as me....
I'm a nerd. AMA
Me and my friend insulted random tiktokers AMA
Ask me anything but edit my answer to make me sound like a psycopath
I used to eat human meat. Mainly my own, that I would cut out of my thighs or my last girlfriend who would let me feast on excess fat she disliked . However I am 4 months clean! AMA
I’ve been told my father might die serval times since I was little, AMA.
I was homeless for 20 years in la county. Now living in apartment with a job.AMA
I was masturbating and my dick got Coronavirus AMA
My Nudes Got Leaked When I Was 12. AMA.
I am a powerful dreamer AMA
I have anphanstasia and have hallucinations. AMA
I was so drunk yesterday that I'm still drunk
AMA except my replies are complete lies
Ama, then edit your comment after I respond to make me look bad.
I’m the oldest living immortal. My name was first spoken in a language long forgotten by men. AMA
What are your thoughts of someone's ethnicity when you hear/see the last name Orlando?
I’m a Christian AMA!
I am in the process of joining the United States Marines, AMA
I legit forgot to breathe once AMA
I banged my best friend in a pub's bathroom, who was a lesbian, AMA
A few hours ago someone threw a Molotov cocktail(fire bomb) through our window to try and burn our house down. AMA
I am Australian, ask me anything you want to know about Australa
I’m 26 (m), in the hospital due to kidney failure and I’m bored. AMA.
I have nothing to do, AMA
AMA but edit the question so it looks like I‘m a Karen
Can people stop making the posts about Changing the question to make you look bad it’s not original
Am I depressed? Ask me questions to help determine this
I don't like burgers. AMA
I was drugged in a club and sent to hospital. Ask me anything
Ask any question! I will reply to all, and if not, I will cry in any room for the rest of the night
I've had 3 different eating disorders and have been in treatment twice, AMA!
I am a 25 year old man. AMA
I have my finals coming up within the next 8 days and idk shit.AMA!
I don’t want to have children AMA
Karen Time
I'm not trans and please don't edit your question AMA
I am a mom with an ASD child Ask me Anything you want to know.
I’m a male who has been sexually assaulted (twice). AMA
AMA but I will get offended by every comment
I will be offended by every comment
How would y'all feel about a ban on, edit your questions to make me look bad AMA's?
My older sisters fiance sexually assaulted me twice when I was 15 and 17. AMA
AMA but edit them to make me sound like a serial killer
Ama and I will answer in the most horrible ways
AMA but edit your question to make my answer seem offensive
I’m hiding in my gfs closet because her dad came home early from vacation and it’s been 7 hours. AMA.
Just seen the Sonic movie AMA
Any costume designers here in reddit that would like to give me some advice?
Retired at 20 AMA
I have a fetish for bras and bra straps falling down. AMA
I am a right- leaning centrist transgender person AMA
I will get overly offended at everything you say. Its as easy as push button, get anger
My great grandfather invented Reddi Wip, AMA
I was attacked by a dog/AMA
AMA, hand me some goofy or philosophical questions and I will answer in less than 6 words
I volunteer for a suicide prevention text line, AMA
I'll take offense to anything you ask me - AMA
AMA except you can only say three words
My grandma worked for Jane Goodal's husband. She told me all her stories. AMA
Ask me anything.
AMA and I'll respond in rhymes
I’m a high school choir student in Texas. AMA
I’m drinking with my brother and listening to Lana Del Rey... AMA
I just closed Reddit and immediately reopened it AMA
Anything you ask I will find offensive.AMA
AMA then edit them to make me sound depressed
I had a controlling girlfriend that tried to break up my relationship with my friends, AMA
I’m a 17 year old girl with a lot to say, but I’ll only respond in rhymes so— AMA.
AMA but edit your question so your answer makes me look bad.
Been a Rush Limbaugh fan since 1988. AMA.
AMA but edit your question to make me look bad.
Im not beating my dick or watching porn for 3 months ama.
I AM A MAINSTREAM GENERAL MAKEUP/CLOTHING MODEL, ASK ME ANYTHING
I suffered postpartum depression and was almost one of the moms in the news who killed her baby, so AMA.
I know Geel, the current owner of the .tf programs. AMA
I suffered postpartum depression was almost the mom in the news who killed her baby. AMA.
Im quitting smoking weed after 10+ years of being stoned every day. AMA
I have a god complex AMA
I can't sleep. Ama
I will respond to your question within ten seconds, AMA
I’ve never even kissed anyone AMA
I own 6 cats. AMA
I literally drank a cup of water, AMA
I am a Minecraft HungerGames Champion. AMA.
I created a multimillion dollar company from the ground up and am ceo. AMA
I can play any music I want in my sister’s room via Alexa to annoy her, AMA and also taking song requests to play in her room!
I ate a whole bag of chips by myself in one sitting. AMA. Yes the bag was big
Im abstaining from masturbation for 3 months ama.
I’m bored in rehab AMA
I’m blonde AMA
AMA so I have stuff to answer tonight (My time)
There is nothing special about me AMA
I just found my favorite bot AMA, but mainly about the bot
I'm a pre-school teacher. AMA.
I lie compulsively and it's got quite the impact on my life. AMA.
I am a person from the hit tv show, survivor. almost won.AMA
I’ve been in the psych ward 4 times in the last 12 months, AMA
I’m in a wack headspace, ama
I made myself squirt for the first time today. AMA.
I'm wiccan and none of my friends or family know😳. AMA
I am a mainstream artist who’s music is on charts all the time. Remaining anonymous. AMA
My husband and I tried ethical non-monogamy after 10 years of being only with each other. AMA.
Just saw a homeless man in a elevator AMA
I'm JoJo Siwa's manager. AMA.
I am a trans pansexual 13 year old that is non-binary. I have been a victim of abuse and of hate crimes. AMA
I’m 17 years old and a lesbian, AMA
Bored, AMA.
Hillary &amp; Bill Clinton are my neighbors. AMA
Recovering addict of child porn. AMA.
I’m a tiny Asian with a redneck friend. Ask Us Anything!
I actually had the opportunity to rent DVDs and PS4 games at Blockbuster Video this year. AMA!
My name is Deborah, I was gang raped in Chicago at age 15, trying not to reveal my identity. This happened 10 or so years ago. Sustained light injuries, but have recovered AMA
I just blew up and now i don't know nobody. AMA
I let the dogs out AMA
I am a survivor of death row, proven innocent a week before my execution. AMA
18m from Barcelona, Spain. Molly and Weed consumer AMA.
Ask me the most Brutal F*ck, Marry, Kill trios you can think of, I will give you my answer
AMA then edit your question to make me look depressed/suicidal
I am a person that has just finished watching the Sonic movie. Ama
I live in rural Ireland. AMA
From ages 16-17. I scammed over 1000 fast food chains and resturants to get free food and drinks. Ask me anything.
I got off to hugging a large bag of cat food - AMA
Ask Me only really weird questions about myself
My parents were first cousins and I live in kentucky AMA
I’ve failed at being a firefighter 3 times. AMA
I’ve spent an awful lot of time reading about Coronavirus lately and I still don’t know much. AMA.
Idk what to write AMA
I made Multi 6 figures at 19 years old. With No college degree. AMA
I will be offended by everyone's comments AMA
I am secretly the supreme being in disguise AMA
I’m a woman, AMA
I’m a veteran who served in 3 wars. Going to try not to reveal my identity. I have a ton of crazy stories so AMA
I'm celebrating Lupercalia, AMA
I am a 16 year old r*pe victim, AMA
15 year old, never had a first kiss, AMA
I’m 9 ama
Currently in the womb, AMA
I was heavily involved with Anonymous, AMA
AMA but edit your question so your answer makes me look bad.
I ate cat for dinner and when I took a shit, a dog came out, AMA
I mistakenly ate shit and drank piss, thinking it was chocolate with lemonade, AMA
My school is weird ama
I'm a 24 year old unemployed loser who still lives with his parents. AMA.
Ask me anything and I will respond wrongly. AMA
I am a Acrobatic Flyer at a Circus Troupe and won the Golden Clown at the Monte Carlo Circus Festival AMA
I had an extremely uncommon and painful case of Pilonidal Disease AMA
I'm feeling lonely right now, AMA.
I’m drunk AMA 😂
Just AMA
My two exes are close friends using the same lawyer and going on holidays together AMA
Just got off a 3 day suspension for calling the mod of a subreddit the n-word and threatening him. AMA!
After six years, my gold fish Oscar just died. AMA.
I'm a senior executive at a "Big Pharma" company. AMA
I missed my cake day yesterday. AMA
Im having a mid life crisis and i just turned 24
Hey reddit, I'm a person who solves every problem with violence, ask me anything!
I’ve had sex through video chat for the first time. AMA &lt;3
I have gotten 15 hours of sleep this week, AMA
I buy real estate for a large investment company? AMA
I Occasionally Practice Witchcraft... AMA
I’m 19, bisexual, and transitioning out of mormonism. AMA
I'm your everyday common bisexual AMA
I work at a small weld shop. AMA 🤷🏼‍♂️
I'm a gun owner. AMA
I am a Wuhan Chinese, AMA
I just had my 1st date with a transgender woman. AMA
my parents went through a 10 year divorce that cost $500,000 AMA
Its my cakeday ask me anything from why did I join reddit and why I think that we are the best community on the internet
Ive got a new type of marfan syndrom that hasnt been discovered yet,AMA
I haven’t lost my virginity yet AMA
I used to post on r/gonewild AMA
I'm An Teenager That Is Diagnosed With Extreme Anxiety. AMA!
I post on gonewild AMA
I let the dogs out. AMA
I'm at an outdoor kinky sex party. AMA.
I will be offended by anything you ask me. AMA
I identify as Pansexual, ask me anything.
I Use reddit light mode AMA
My Xbox game just got done updating and now I have to leave for work in 10 minutes.
I’m a 19 year old pilot (first officer) AMA
I’m politically neutral, in that I like policies and ideas from both left and right so I don’t categorise myself. AMA
I live in Worcestershire, UK and actually know how to say it, AMA
I'm a conservative who supports LGBT rights to most degrees. AMA
25 y/o male sociopath AMA
I have locked myself outside my house in a t shirt, during storm Dennis. AMA
I'm blazed af rn AMA
I’ve been in the furry fandom for one year, AMA!
Im bored and want to have a conversation AMA
I Own a 6 month old leopard gecko, AMA
AMA...just not anything personal
I have 139IQ ask me anything
I'm a doctoral student researching the ongoing overdose crisis in the US while working at a syringe exchange program, AMA!
I'm an amateur YouTube animator and Instagram cartoonist. AMA
23F recently single, AMA you’ve ever wondered about dating / hookups
I'm an albino, 20/100 person with no depth perception AMA
From depression to ASPD ( sociopathy ) AMA.
I'm almost 17 AMA
I’m a spoiled only child AMA!
I have to wait 18 minutes to use my metro card again. AMA
I’m a straight, white male. AMA
I am the ceo of racism’s assistant AMA
I got beaten up in the streets after yelling at an older guy who groped my ass when I was 17. AMA
Went from depression to ASPD. AMA
Im newly celibate AMA
My dad is a businessman, owns a car dealership! Ask me anything!
Ive been living with my father since I was 6
I eat glue ama
I'm a Base jumper. AMA.
Bored AMA
AsK mE aNyThInG
I am a uk teen, with klippel-feil syndrome and diastemotamelelia AMA
AMA but edit your question to make me look stupid
I’m a mixed race woman, AMA!
I own a Robotics company that is researching Articifial Inteligenc (AI)!
My phone battery is at 2% (again). Ask me anything!
I have a Service dog for MCAS, AMA
I'm slightly empathic (no spiritual, meditation type of stuff I just sense the emotional and mental states of about 80% of the people I meet). Questions, comments, advice, go!
I'm a 31yo WM living in Philippines for ~7 years. AMA.
Im a mma fighter ama
I’m a 23 year old virgin AMA.
I am allergic to water, AMA!
i have been recently diagnosed with mild autism. ama?
Birthday is in 5 Days and I have no plans but a lot of anxiety AMA!
I stick gum under tables, AMA
AMA you've wanted to ask an lgbt person
I will give some random facts about me (18f) below. AMA
I'm a bisexual female. AMA
Losing my phone because of me saved my best friend's life. AMA
Justin Bieber's song yummy is my favourite song AMA
I just heard a tapping on my window and than a blood curdling scream, AMA
I'm one of 1,300 16-17 year old 'junior soldiers' under training to join the British army.
I'm currently getting very drunk AMA
Im too unique to ever have a girlfriend! AMA :)
I will give you advice or words of encouragement. AMA
I’m a non-identical twin AMA
AMA I was once in a model/talent agency for kids when I was around 8
My dad is a politician and a businessman! Ask me anything!
I ate an edible and i'm fucked up AMA
I’m a furry. AMA
I’m a student living in Shanghai, China with family stuck in Wuhan the epicenter of coronavirus. AMA
I have dermatophagia ask me anything
I’m a stripper, AMA
A female student that attempted to kill her younger brother twice, and was diagnosed with BPD. AMA.
I’m a girl AMA
Im taking a shit right now! (AMA)
i can handle temperatures of over 50 degrees C and -25 degrees C, AMA
I'm asexual. Ask me anything.
Im the offspring of a humble millionaire, AMA
I'm no longer a 15 year old virgin I'm a 16 year old virgin. AMA!
It took a year to get over a crush - AMA
I’m driving across country by myself to move from Ohio to LA next week. AMA
I currently have 69 Carma. AMA
I can’t smell, AMA
I am a well adjusted individual, who’s only needed substances are love and fire.
I'm a female. AMA. Will be really honest
I ate all the good jelly babies. AMA
I downvote all posts saying "i dont have enough karma to post on the meme subreddits ama" AMA
lonely drunk men AMAW
I'm voting for trump this november ama
I'm a 13 yr old girl ama
I just got a tooth removed. AMA
I am a real life example that you dont need school (high school and collage) to be successful!
i have ocd and work at a coffee shop. AMA
AMA and I will answer in a question.
I just exhaled right after inhaling AMA
I am the Lord of Light AMA
Arabic guy here, almost gay(maybe?), bilingual and qant to flee out of here, thought that foreigners have some wrong thoughts about us Arabic people so AMA
I'm a landlord AMA
I’m a gay father AMA
Stunt Performer in LA
I think president trump is going a fantastic job ama
Im the owner of a construction company ama
Radical Theologian. AMA!
My son [17M] and his insanely hot girlfriend [18F] are using our backyard pool right now, AMA
I have Reddit, AMA
I'm a virgin but I'm pregnant. AMA.
I’m a retiring band teacher AMA
I'm waiting at the airport to pick up my dad and I'm bored AMA
I'm becoming a horny teen AMA
About to begin my day drinking. AMA
I am a war refugee that had to leave everything he had behind and move to a rather foreign place.
I have a condition called Misophonia AMA
I'll get offended at anything.
I gave my friend a bj at 12 ama
I am cleaning my house, ama
I’m 15 and broke into my own house twice! AMA
15 yo girl ama
Where the rich cougars at? Ama
Going on my second mission trip to a third world country.
I worked in IT for a billionaire family in the US for 3 years. Ask me anything, I’ll try to answer as best I can
My cat slashed my wrists. AMA
I'm a HGV Tramper, AMA
I'm neoreactionary. AMA!
AMA and I will lie
I own a onewheel. AMA
My bf is a drug dealer AMA
I had a one night stand last night. AMA
I’m sure this has been done before, but I’m diagnosed ASPD (sociopathy). AMA
Its 1:30 im drunk and bored AMA
I'm extremely high on MDMA (ecstacy) at work. Please AMA
im a girl AMA
I just took a shit after showering. AMA
I just god headbutted in streets by someone i knew... I kept my hands in pocket whole time and ignored him... AMA (i still dont know if i should have fought back or did i acted good by ignoring him)
My Best Friend and I came out to each other as LGBTQ+ within seconds of each other AMA
I have a piercing below the belt, AMA NSFW
Deaf and Blind Individual (limited vision and hearing) Likely Lost his only "long" term Friend and business partner. Difficult to Move on Since That was Everything to me. :(
I had surgery for De Quervains Tenosynovitis (Tendonotis). AMA
I'm moderately gay. AMA
I have nevee been strung by a bee / wasp / hornet, AMA
I am a gay, male 15 year old, AMA.
Ask me something offensive and I'll give you a nice reply
I had my first kiss one week ago today, AMA!
Lost my v-card at 20 - AMA
I’m a Nerdy Tomboy AMA
I go to a $57,000 a year all girls boarding school. AMA!
I'm a theistic Satanist - Ask Me Anything
I’m photographing AirPods in NYC and posting on www.instagram.com/pod.city - AMA!
I had my first kiss one week ago today, AMA!
I'm a military college student. AMA
I think the school system is the biggest fraud of all times. AMA
I’m a satanist AMA
AMA girls are too afraid to ask guys
I’m stuck at an academic competition for the next 7.5 hours, AMA
I have broken my bones 12 times, Had surgery 3 times on one spot, and nearly died twice. AMA
I sleep with a weighted blanket, AMA
I live in the US AMA
I am going fishing in 5 hours, AMA
Dispenser, in a European Pharmacy. AMA..
I am a German/American. AMA
AMA that girls are afraid to ask boys. Literally, AMA!
Ask me any thing related to any subject.
I have photographic memory. Tell me anything and I'll remember it. AMA.
Ruined valentines date
I drank on antibiotics, ama
I am just a 16 year old boy. AMA
I live in the UK. AMA
I'm bored AMA
Pre-T Transdude AMA
My neck beard step cousin has been trying to fuck me ama
I was bitten by a German shepherd 20 minutes ago. Ask me anything.
I killed a cat yesterday, AMA
I'm in a relationship with my sister. AMA
15 year old boy at Katsucon
Planning to kill myself soon! AMA
Soon it will have been 11 years since I was nearly murdered AMA.
I'm a Jehova's Witness AMA
I'm a kid with 150 IQ AMA
I have been not sleeping except for 2 hrs the past 1 week and half AMA
Ate too much kfc for dinner ama
i have no internal monologue and aphantasia! ama!
I'm having sex as a 13 year old AMA
Laying in bed, depressed af ama
I have restless leg syndrome AMA
I have taste/smell aphantasia. I cannot imagine taste/smell. AMA
Nazis are socialists. You can tell kind of, you know, tell Nazis are socialists because they kind of, you know, have the word 'socialist' in the name of their party: NationalSOZIALISTISCHE Deutsche Arbeiterpartei (NSDAP). AMA
I often tend to forget at what reddit i am in, oh wait this isnt r/incest?
I like sour candy AMA
I've recently got on anti depressants and anti psychotics after suffering from persistent depression with psychotic &amp; anxiety features for 8 years. AMA
I think i have RLS AMA
I'm 17 and live with my Dad and we haven't said a word to each other for over 4 months. Ask Me Anything.
Ask a 11 year old anything!
I have bipolar, major depression, paranoid anxiety, complex PTSD, severe insomnia and emotional trauma. To reduce stigma AMA
I'm a recently-turned 30 year old British stand up comic and former american football coach with cerebral palsy. AMA.
I am a black American male that doesn’t speak Ebonics. AMA
I'm Brazillian. AMA
I’d like to debunk some myths about prehistoric life, AMA!
im joker baby
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
I think women should talk more openly about how often they shave their underarmies. AMA
I have a form of BPD that causes me to hallucinate every time I get stressed, AMA
I became an aunt at 4 years old AMA
On a 4 hour car trip AMA
It’s been 1 year since my little brothers were re-homed, AMA
Today marks one year of being on reddit, I love this community so much so....AMA!
Aunt
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
I have a 50/50 chance of having familial encephalopathy
I live in a third world country
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
How comes the most incredible stories that deserve so much attention here have 5 comments and people going "I'm a waitress AMA" get 1.5k ? SMH...sorry I meant AMA
I’m a bored American 20 something who’s almost finished living in japan for a year. AMA
I have 4 middle names AMA.
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
My parents are divorced AMA
A piece of sausage casing got stuck to the back of my throat causing me to cough violently for four hours. I had no idea and couldn’t even find similar stories on google. AMA.
I hit a kangaroo going 50 - 80k/h on accident AMA
I love/hate having a foot fetish AMA
Currently at work, it's quiet. AMA :)
I am an idiot.AMA
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
I’m a full time stripper AMA
I’m “exceptionally smarter than most kids my age” AMA
I had a Crush in 5th grade, 2 years later I realised she was a horrible person and was glad she said no. AMA
I'm stuck in my bedroom AmA
I live in Middle East. Ask what ever your heart ponders/AMA
I like cock and BDSM. AMA
11 years ago, I was raped in the middle of nowhere in Nebraska. AMA
I'm from Australia and love hearing about stereotypes people have about us, AMA.
im eating dominos pizza for the first time
I was a gas station cashier for 6 years, AMA.
Got hit by a car on a jump bike
I'm in a chess tournament right now, AMA!
Jehova's Witness
New to reddit, need links, subreddits, and threads
I'm a dreadfully average teenage boy from England. AMA
Im a secondary victim of a terrorist attack. AMA
I’m 18 years old and I have a foot fetish. AMA.
Only 20 Y/o and already screwed for life.
Hello, I'm a bored 26-year old lesbian woman. NSFW questions welcome. AMA!
About to eat a bowl of Rice Krispies cereal WITHOUT sugar,AMA
30yo Ozzy that's done too many mind altering substances AMA
I am gypsy AMA
I have high functioning autism. AMA!
I'm a nocturnal loner who, for almost ten years, gone for daily walks at night miles from home. AMA.
AMA that guys are too afraid to ask girls
I spent Valentine's day at a strip club AMA
I abandoned Islam to become a nihilist. AMA
I spent Valentines day trolling on xbox live - AMA
I am from Egypt AMA
I have inattentive ADHD. Ask me anything!
I actually liked the Sonic The Hedgehog Movie AMA
I refuse to have kids, because I believe most of us, including myself, don’t have the necessary tools for the job. AMA
Where would I find a go-to guide for performing voodoo or dark magic inside my home?
I’m drunk. AMA
I Am Your Mum. AMA
I have been playing this game on Roblox for years and probably spent over 500 dollars worth of Robux on it. I just gave away everything Ives ever gotten in that game, AMA
I live with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), AMA!
I am a surviving oncologist of the third degree. AMA.
I am your best reddit friend AMA
Last month was my first time I broke my arm, AMA!
I’m a chronic sleepwalker AMA
I work at Tim Hortons AMA you are curious about the company.
I live in Hungary, Pest county, Érd and I am Hungarian. AMA!
I cum a lot. AMA
I'm actually drunk for the first time in years, AMA.
I drove according to the law in GTA for a whole minute. AMA
My dad found a man who tried to commit suicide by jumping of a building but failed. AMA.
Cake day. AMA.
I’m an 18 year old that works at the back of house at a chick-fil-a ask me anything
I have a stalker who has made 12 catfish accounts to talk to me. AMA
2 of my friends have turned out to be psycho/sociopaths I go to a school for mentally ill teens, ask me anything
I go to a school for teens with mental illness, been ‘friends’ with at least 2 psychopaths/sociopaths. Ask me anything.
I'm mega rich, Ask Me Anything.
I'm black, American, southern, and alone on valentine's day AMA
I'm an American who was circumcised for no reason.
How do I hide stuff from my parents?
I have ADHD, AMA
I’m an American expat living in France. AMA
12 a.m. alone at waffle house never had a Valentine before AMA
Marching boy did his first parade of the year. AMA
Fuck Australians- know what I mean? Descended from criminals. The whole fucking country. Fuck Australians and fuck all their bullshit. "A dingo ate my baby. A dingo ate my baby!" I say cut them loose. We've carried them for far too long. AMA
I Am A Nerdy Tomboy, AMA.
I'm TBDL/little ask me anything
Guys, ask questions that you want an answer from a girl’s perspective. so AMA
I’m a bored teen girl with lots of opinions. AMA. (literally anything i’ll answer)
I am a former drug dealer. AMA.
I am a customer service rep for a well known online retailer. AMA.
My birthday is on Valentine’s Day
I almost overdosed on heroine. AMA.
i skipped my last two years of high school, went to an all girl's college at 16, then came out as ftm trans. AMA :)
best question gets a silver
Taking mushrooms changed my life, AMA
Just got rejected in favor of a second bowl of pasta. AMA!
There is nothing interesting about me AMA
I was a really cringy weeb for several years AMA
I am a 3rd year latin student, 1st year French student, honors world history, artist and soon to be published novelist. Ama!
SinceI don't have a date for Valentine's Day, I took my left hand out to dinner tonight. I may go to a hotel with it later. AMA!
I just stood up and there was shit on my chair - AMA
When I was 3, I fell out of a Qdoba window. AMA
I'm not afraid of death AMA
I have never had sleep paralysis. AMA
I’m drunk AMA
My wifi downloads at 150kbps. AMA
My Father was security on Project Grizzly. AMA
I am a Acrobatic Flyer at a Circus Troupe and won the Golden Clown at the Monte Carlo Circus Festival AMA
I will just answer your question with another question, AMA
I have never had an exam in my entire life - AMA
I dumped my girlfriend at The Cheesecake Factory on Valentine's Day. AMA!
I got a girlfriend today ama
I started masturbating at 9. AMA
I am a punk - AMA
I’m very active, borderline problem, in an online chat room. AMA
A single mom said 'hi' to me today, which is the most experience I've had with a female in a year - AMA
i faked being a weeb for a year AMA
I'm really drunk, AMA
Yo, Reddit. I'm ambidextrous AMA
I'm new to reddit and American culture in general and I don't get any of y'all's memes. AMA
I’m closeted because my parents think being queer is the worst AMA
I can hyperfocus on something AMA
(27f) I’m wide awake and can’t sleep. I’m from the UK and it’s 3am. Ask me absolutely anything because I’m bored and not going to sleep anytime soon.
6 months ago I came back from the dead, this week I was diagnosed with cancer. AMA
I don’t experience what most people call “brain freezes”. I can eat any amount of ice cream, ice, popsicles, etc. without my brain, from what I understand, hurting. AMA
I have eaten dogs, AMA
I was born with a severe case of Congenital Scoliosis. AMA
I’m sleeping and writing this AMA
I am a boyfriend of a fecalphiliac woman in recovery. Ask me anything
My son’s [17M] girlfriend [18F] has the best body I’ve ever seen, AMA
I'm a member of the South Korean army band. AMA
I’m bisexual AMA
About to see the sonic movie on acid
I wear lolita fashion Ama
I can crack my dick like a finger... AMA
I spend Valentines day with my plushy animal as my official date. I’m 19M
Currently working at a significant Waste Management site in Central California. AMA..
I am The Great Cornholio, AMA.
I’m an 11 yr old kid with Tourette’s and ocd. AMA
Best Dab Pipe 2020 (Link/ Review Video Below)
i was ashamed of &amp; tried to hide my ethnicity up until i was 14, AMA
Ways to scam someone out of money legally online
I almost burned the house down with cornmeal and we are currently vacuuming the stove. AMA
I am a Acrobatic Flyer at a Circus Troupe and won the Golden Clown at the Monte Carlo Circus Festival AMA
My mom has schizophrenia
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
Hi Reddit, I’m eating dinner alone at a fancy restaurant on Valentine’s Day. AMA
I used to be a composite photographer for the Greek Life. I am finally able to talk about all the stuff that happened to me while I was doing it. Ive been assaulted (even sexually), verbally abused, solicited with sexual favors to stay quiet, witness or been connected to multiple deaths, and etc AMA
Expose cheating partner (Feb 14) What is your spouse up to? AMA
My(17M) rent is 15.6k a month in NYC ama.
I've lived in Afghanistan for 9-10 years before migrating to Australia. AMA
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
I exist. AMA
I was once flashed by an older girl on a flight abroad
I am a feminist who agrees that the man on the viral video punching the seat of the woman reclining on the plane was being violent and displaying toxic masculinity. She had the right to recline. AMA
I support incest, AMA
I had an Adware on my PC. AMA
I had my first kiss last weekend, AMA!
I’m a fucking hairy 21 years old guy AMA
I threw up on my first valentines AMA
I'm the only boy in my house I have 2 moms and a older sister. AMA
I ate a huge meal at 5pm. It’s currently 7pm and my roommate is making a Valentine’s Day dinner he’s been very excited to make and I’m not at all hungry. AMA.
I dont have a gag reflex! AMA
wha tis up gamers i am extisting on the coch rigjt now ama
I just had my first kiss about a hour ago AMA
I have a few weird things about my penis. AMA
I have a few weird things about my
I’m bored AMA
I have extreme anxiety and many many phobias and sometime seize when im extremely afraid, AMA!
I have Asthma AMA
I’m a 19 year old pilot (first officer) AMA
This is my (F20) first Valentine’s as a singleton since I was 14
I have been smoking almost every day from 2 years now, ask me anything?
14 year old whose friend just left, mom is late to pick me up from Starbucks, starting to get anxious. AMA
I just wiped a baby's butt as a 13 year old, AMA!
I’m on a 12-hour bus trip to London AMA
AMA I'm a genius?
Just found out i have autism AMA
I have lexical-gustatory synesthesia (I taste certain words and names) AMA
Bass player with hopes and dreams of playing in a band with my friends, just want to make music that i wanna listen to, i think most music made on a computer is pretty bad, just wish i was born in the glory days of music when real artists were making music, instead of todays industry plants AMA
AMA my dog
Can't hear almost anything through one ear currently and that's actually preventing me from sleeping AMA
I just got rejected (on Valentine’s Day) by my best friend, the person I’ve liked since grade two. AMA
Im playing GTA 5, AMA
I was diagnosed with autism &amp; ADHD at 17, AMA
I got to the Top rank in Deeeep.io ama
I am currently on the run
I had a vasectomy 1 year ago today, now I live with chronic testicular pain. Ask Me anything.
I attend a private boarding school. AMA
I was chased by a pedophile
I went from smoking 30 cigarettes a day to 0 AMA
I just completed Spec Ops: The Line today. AMA.
I HATE My mother AMA
I'm at a funeral visitation, AMA.
I've sat courtside at over 20 NBA games and have met several players. AMA
I'm 16 and I'm running away, ama
I’m an American. (Citizen is the United States of America) AMA
I’m an American teenager. I’ve just had the “Holy Sh*t, I can’t pay for college” moment. AMA.
I have no inner dialogue and aphantasia. AMA!
I’m going into detox in a few hours for alcoholism. AMA.
I'm pretty bored and other than work spent the day alone AMA
Making a homemade pizza from scratch. AMA
I am the guy who asked [AMA]
I like to hunt, shoot, 3D model/print and learn from others AMA!
I don't do Valentine's Day. AMA
I'm a high ranking member within the Incel community. AMA
online schooled teenager AMA
Recently came out to my parents about me being bisexual. AMA.
Ask Me Anything
Was sexually violated at 8, AMA?
Im trapped inside an elevator. AMA
I’m 21(M) from saudi arabia AMA ?
My great uncle work on the BTK Strangler (Dennis Rader) case AMA
I am a pastors kid... ask me anything.
I am really drunk AMA!
Recently single and struggling with Valentine’s Day AMA
I can see music. AMA!
I am a 12 year old male, AMA
This is my first Valentine’s Day as a single man in nearly 10 years, AMA.
Read my username, and ask away
I suffer from the Jokers laughing condition, AMA
I support Trump, identify as an Alpha who most straight, Bi women and a several lesbians want to sleep with. AMA
I have Autism, but I’m also an overachiever AMA
I lived with flat earthers ama
I'm an esthetician, ask me anything
im a bisexual and i have homophobic parents AMA
Going on a camping trip in an hour ama
I’m an Australian AMA
I am the guy from the "how to fall asleep" question on Ask Reddit, which got 95k Upvotes and 15k Comments (as well as a shitload of those cheap YouTube Videos). Ask Me Anything!
I'm an Arab Muslim, I also hold the Israeli passport, AMA.
I Am a hotel front desk agent currently working a 12 hour shift on one of the biggest hotel days of the year. Ask me anything
I just made a bunch of socialists look really, really stupid. These people don't know anything about anything. Can you imagine being so ignorant that you're actually going to vote for a socialist in 2020? AMA
Was Bullied in The 5th Grade, AMA about my experience
A foolish family relative of mine thinks boys can’t be scared of things, and he thinks boys shouldn’t show emotions. This is bad because I have extremely bad arachnophobia. AMA.
16M. Spoiled rotten, highly delusional, hysterical train wreck. Ask me anything!
I'm homeless now.. ama
I can't cry easily, AMA
I want to chat. AMA
I made roughly 150k selling drugs from age 16 to 22 in a country where just smoking cannabis can land you in jail for years. AMA!
I have tourettes syndrome, Ask me anything.
I am both a hair dresser and a published behavioral neuroscience researcher. AMA!
I’m 22F getting my lady bits waxed for the first time AMA.
4 year relationship ended on Valentine's day. AMA!
I just had my first Chick-fil-a experience. AMA
AMA I'm waiting for my dermatologist appointment, they have a history of not getting you in til an hour later, fill my time yall
I have a relatively good job and make great money but don’t have to work very hard at ALL. And I feel like a fraud. AMA.
Super drunk since 2:30 ama
I am the only boy in a class of 24 girls, ask me anything
I just passed a kidney stone and am in great pain ama
I left the stove on and I am currently at work AMA
After months of fighting and years of unhappiness, I asked for a divorce on valentine's day a year ago. AMA
I've been locked out of my house, my neighbors are 2 hours of walking away, and its 50°C (120°F) here in rural Australia.
I've been on reddit for 8 years and hasn't replied to any comments. AMA
I've been locked out of my house. My nearest neighbors are 2 hours of walking away, and it's 120°F here in rural Australia. AMA
Waiting in the airport to go see my long distance boyfriend on Valentine's day. AMA!
I've had a great day today because my school did a thing where we gave out valentines Roses, AMA
I've had a great day today because my school did a thing where we gave out valentines Roses, AMA
My car died on an overpass and is now blocking traffic. I've been waiting for family to come and get me and it's been close to an hour already. AMA
I just got dumped on Valentine’s Day, ama.
I’m gay
I'm poly
I am a native speaker of the Welsh language (Cymraeg). AMA.
My girlfriend is ignoring me, AMA!
I'm a bored college professor in office hours, waiting for someone to visit me. AMA.
I have dissociative identity disorder. AMA
Doe valentines day I was al alone so I smoked slot of weed AMA
[Movie Thread] 'Sonic the Hedgehog' 2020 Watch Online
I am Dan Quayle, former Vice President of the United States, and front-runner for the 2020 Republican Nomination. Ask me anything!
i’m gay
Being a slut for my best friend. Story about how I ended my giving blowjob to my friend and ultimately my ass.
i’m a democratic/liberal gen x christian AMA
I’m a pathological liar, ama.
im from mayde creek junior high and was near the explosion ask me anything!
I was born and raised a Christian. Now I identify as a Monotheistic Druid (ancient Celtic religion). AMA
I’m a female working at a job (and in an industry) that is almost entirely male. AMA!
Expose cheating partner (Feb 14) What is your spouse up to? AMA
I am 28, no wife, no girl, watching youtube on valentine's day and thinking if I am doing something wrong in this life. AMA.
I moderate a highly toxic internet group - AMA!
Hi there! This is pro cartoonist Nicolas Sequeira. AMA!
Sex with my cousin for 5 years...
I’m a young (13-18 not 12-) furry, AMA
I was married into a very prominent tele-vangalist family. AMA
I’m trapped in my shed AMA
I play a lot of geometry dash AMA
Looking for a good friend that actually talks with me about my interests even if it's something they can't relate to. Send me a chat if interested.
I am a hungover college student sitting in class AMA!
I (26 M) have first-ever third date next week, never had sex AMA
My mom wrote a book about our struggles with anxiety disorders, ask us anything!
I hate the new font reddit is using for mobile. It makes me sick to my stomach AMA
I broke my leg on an icy sidewalk and have to say home while my fiance and friends go to Cuba for 10 days. AMA.
WHAT IF ONE MUSICAL NOTE DIDN'T EXIST??!
I just made a spread sheet of all the concerts I've ever been to AMA
AMA then edit your comments to make my replies offensive
Italian guy, living in Australia, with 6 Indonesian people. AMA!
I have negative comment karma AMA
I’m a closet weeb. AMA
My Sister Is a Drug Addict. AMA
I’m on my lunch break. AMA
i lost 100 pounds in 6 months ama
Joined Reddit on Valentines Day exactly a year ago because I didn't have a girlfriend, now I do AMA
I have the luxury of working from home 3 days a week. AMA
I’ve been developing my own 35mm film at home for the past month. AMA
My birthday is on Valentines Day. AMA
I’m bored A M A
Playing CS GO all by myself on valentines day AMA
I don't think there's anything wrong with keeping the mexicans locked in cages ama
I’m a pre everything trans girl, AMA
Best tiktok emoticon dance compilation
I am 100% against the Democratic party because it has been taken over by radical socialists and is no longer pro-American. I will be voting for Trump because he is quite literally saving America from an authoritarian Marxist dictatorship. AMA
Just changed the motor oil on a hearse. AMA
I used to work at Mc'Donalds AMA
How To Watch Sonic the Hedgehog Movie Online Full HD In Reddit
I (F 41) am a married woman who is into wife sharing lifestyle with my husband's (M 44) permission. I am allowed to sleep with other men outside marriage.
I am 16 and speak 5 languages, and I don’t even know why. AMA
I'm a guy into Cock and Ball Torture AMA
You guys gave me hope when I had none in this hell. Happy Valentine's day, I love you. AMA
Its Feb 14 Valentine's day I'm alone (again) this year AMA
I have PCOS (Polychistic Ovaries Syndrome). AMA
The money you donated for the Australian bushfires isn’t going where you think it is
I am Hispanic 15 year old with an ADHD and living in Philippines. Ask me anything.
I’m 13 and I’m in foster care. AMA.
I was in a double fatal car accident. AMA!
The money situation is pretty desperate rn... ask me anything you’d be willing to pay me to to
I am a woman who is having an incestuous relationship with my Nephew. F 35. M 19.
I’m a paramedic in a busy 911 system AMA
I'm a high school history teacher AMA
I have what psychologists call borderline/antisocial personality disorder. AMA
My only Valentines memory is finding out I was being chested on.
I am alone on Valentine’s Day AMA
Im high AMA
AMA I was in a moldy school and it effected my studying
AMA and then edit your response to make me sound like a wierdo.
I am a foreigner living in China during Coronavirus and my company just informed us that we'll be getting only 50% of our paycheck next month AMA
I’m going on a date on Valentine’s Day for the first time ever, AMA
I just got into a street fight ten minutes ago
I am a 13 yr old male from England
I think racism is funny. AMA
Im a democratic socialist, AMA
F 20. I let my friends gangbang me for the very first time.
i am a 21 year old with non verbal autism and OCD, AMA!
I work for Wal-Mart Online Grocery Pickup. AMA (OGP related or not).
Im from Aralsk, Kazakhstan next to the Aral sea AMA
I'm currently living in Pakistan, AMA
I'm die hard Trump guy and created fake profile supporting Bernie. I am meeting 2 die hard Bernie followers for sex this weekend. AMA
I am a high school senior diagnosed with Dissociative Identity Disorder. AMA!
Im crying from nostalgia right now
I am introvert but very talkative to people I like AMA
F 35. I am a high school teacher who has to face the tantrums of teenagers on a daily basis. Ask me anything regarding my life and profession.
I'm a 23yo kissless virgin who's been around incel culture for years AMA
Sat at home waiting for my gf to finish work. AMA
I know some things about Burma (Myanmar) AMA.
I am a surviving oncologist of the third degree, ask questions.
I am 11 years old swedish boy AMA
I am spoiled, but not a brat. AMA
I'm non binary and bi in a homophobic school that thinks I'm a lesbian AMA
Tax Questions? AMA
I'm a non-binary and bi child who is in year 7 of high school and bullied with adhd AMA
I have been stuck in an elevator for 2 1/2 hours, AMA
I'm living in post-soviet country. AMA.
I play growtopia AMA
Im having a month-long manic episode. AMA
I’m a 20 year old Australian man (only serious questions) ask me anything!
Im an upcoming black rapper trying to make it big in a small country town ama
I am a gunnery sergeant stationed in iran ask me anything
I have strange beliefs
I can tolerate you cringeworthy questions. AMA
I come from a Latin American country...
My granny♥️ raised me...
I have been mistaken as an emo by many but I’m actually not. AMA
Ask me a question and once I answer, edit the question so it’s funny or offensive.
My birthday is the day before Valentine's Day, because of course it is. AMA
I can go up the stairs 8 steps at a time, AMA
im 19m indian, never had a date, AMA
I don't know how to ride a bicycle. AMA
I'm sitting next to a Chinese lady on a 6 hours long bus drive. AMA
I cant use the proper asking subreddit but, have you seen "The Unseen"? What do you know?
Its my first Valentine's where i have a date! AMA
I just heroically killed a piece of lint pretending to be a spider, AMA!
Today I found out i have a deadly disease. AMA
I'm a homosexual, eczematic autistic male with a penchant for the law. AMA
Spent 10 years floating around various incel communities AMA
I am from Finland ama
My moms actively doing meth in our home and my grandparents are dragging their feet to evict her AMA.
I have mild autism. aka Aspergers. Ask me anything.
I’m a 30 year old straightedge male with zero interest in changing that, it’s almost 6 AM and I’m not ready to go to sleep yet, AMA.
just came out of the shower, AMA
It's almost 3am where I am and I can't sleep ama
Been apart of multiple sting ops and I currently are on patrol right now for the CHP In California. AMA (last post got removed so I'm trying this again)
I'm a son of a Minister in The Iglesia Ni Cristo. AMA
I will always reply with a 100% lie, AMA!
I’m depressed and lonely AMA
I'm a son of a Minister in the INC. AMA
I am Enzo Ferrari AMA
I'm french (and bored), ask me anything!
I hate myself and everyone AMA
I was the man who fell into the river in lego city
I’m a Walmart Pharmacy Technician. AMA
👏the👏mexicans👏need👏to👏go👏back👏
AMA except edit your comment to make me look like either a horrible or an excellent person
I'm lonely, AMA!
What is this story?
In 2016 I was a Right Wing, Trump supporter, homophobic to Trans people and those who don't identify as anything, racist towards immigrants...
I attend the largest government high school in my state AMA
Im currently in Al Hawl Camp Syria AMA
I am procrastinating right now AMA!
"I'm the voice behind Anxiety coming out again to answer some questions :) Ask me anything!"
I experience the worst possible trip every time I smoke pot. Ask me anything
AMA about dating and personal development
I'm a hypochondriac AMA
I prefer putting milk in before the cereal AMA
First cake day
I almost cut my sisters ear off AMA
??? AMA (I respond to every kind of questions).
I am “The Antichrist”. AMA.
I'm a professional writer, editor and translator writing fanfiction, AMA
I’m (not really) woody harrelson. AMA!
I've been an depressed alcoholic for the past couple of years. I was drunk at work. I was drunk driving when i crashed into a road barrier at ~130km/h (~80mph). I hate myself for what I've done and so did everyone else. Im Male, 24 YO
I hate cats but I have 2 cats and I love them. AMA
Hey everybody I am 16 years old and currently living in Ukraine. AMA.
Valentine’s Day is the worst holiday. But, I have enjoyed many loving relationships. AMA. or don’t; i don’t really care.
as a white male, I have no issue using the word nigger on an almost daily basis ama
I out pizza’d the hut. AMA
Your either a man or woman ama
right leaning centrist, ama
I got a job at age 14. AMA
Heading to work despite having only 5 hours sleep in the last 2 days (will respond after work of course). AMA
Haven’t had sex in 2 months ever since my wife (27f) and I (30M) are going through marriage problems. AMA
I’m a pothead ama 🤷🏼‍♂️simple but I’m sure there are some questions.
I have been purchased at a brothel. AMA.
Just turned 13, and have an ED
My boyfriend is 25 years older than me. AMA.
AMA I’m a crazy fat dumb slut
Been apart of multiple sting ops and am currently working for the CHP in California AMA
I’m a normal guy. AMA
Been part of multiple sting ops and am currently working for the chop in California. AMA!
I was about 24 hours or so away from death as a child due to appendix issues, I woke up in the middle of my surgery, got a trauma from needles and the 1st 2 weeks after my surgery I stayed in the hospital. One of those days was my bday, and I got sick from the pancakes they gave me.
I was permanently banned from r/politics on my cake day. AMA!
If I had $50,000 dollars, I'd be completely out of bad debt. And hopefully alot happier and secure in my life....AMA
Up late outta state and feel like answering questions. I’m a funeral apprentice. I’ll take questions that seem tame all the way up to the weird thinks that pop into your head at night that you may feel afraid to ask. Let’s have fun. AMA
I’m a Former Mormon, Now an Atheist, AMA
I work at one of the worlds biggest logistic and mail company. AMA
I'm a sex worker. AMA
I'm drunk, ama.
My hooman has booped me yet again. AMA.
Me and my friend had sex for 3,000 dollars
Thought this fit here rather
I Recently Earned $1,000,000 In My Online Business (AMA)
AMA I have insomnia
The pizza place I work at does heart shaped pizzas for Valentine’s Day AMA
This might suck.
I grew up in a conservative family...
I'm a foreigner living in China. Quarintined in my apartment.
I have insomnia AMA
I'm pansexual... (refrain from bread jokes)
I had a toxic friendship for EIGHT YEARS
How to learn languages please?
I am a diagnosed Psychopath and I have set a date to commit suicide. AMA.
I am a 82 year old virgin AMA
AMA I have GAD
I’m an 18 year old female, ask me anything.
I just started ketamine infusions to alleviate symptoms of my PTSD, social anxiety, and suicidal ideation. AMA
Everyone in my family is a teacher...
I am a cable guy AMA
I am an 11 yr old kid with Tourette’s and OCD. AMA
I don’t have any friends, AMA!
I used to be a package handler at UPS during peak season, AMA.
I’m a former bully ama
My little sister has been crying for the last 30 min, ask me anything.
i’m diagnosed with hypochondria, AMA!
My therapist told people about stuff I had said to them in therapy...AMA
I’m high af ama
I have tried a large variety of substances so i can tell others what theyre like. AMA
I'm a furry ama
I'm a bored 17-year-old Canadian. AMA
black lives don't matter!
I’m probably too young to have a phone. AmA!
I have dissociative identity disorder (multiple personality disorder). AMA
I'm a retired professional minecraft builder, AMA
I decided to begin working out as much as I can about 2 weeks ago. AMA.
I am 20 year old engaged to a 21 year old man in the military, AMA! Open to conversation rn(:
I'm taking massive amount of THC edibles until it makes me fall asleep. 500mg in. Ama
I cannot feel pain. AMA!
21 year old college student here, AMA then edit your comments to make me look like a monster
I got a super gamer pc with all the setup for only $54.30 AMA
13 y/o with crazy medical conditions, AMA!
I was arrested on the way to school this morning, AMA
I've voting for trump this november, ama
I have fantasies of killing people, AMA
Gonna go live in the woods. AMA
AMA, and I’ll answer stupidly
Tripping for first time. AMA
I'm 13 years old. AMA
I am the upstairs neighbor AMMA
I’m high-functioning autistic, and I wanted to share my experiences with people. AMA.
After years of depression alone, I was finally diagnosed with Bipolar disorder, AMA!
My multiple online friends for 3 years all turned out to be my irl friend, AMA
Expose cheating partner (Feb 14) What is your spouse up to? AMA
I'm a human AMA
i'm an underground e-girl, AMA.
I just witnessed a mad man eat a cookie and a sandwich at the same time. AMA!
I’m a Gacha Tuber. AMA
Im suffering a physicial disorder called gynecomastia
Been To The Same Mental Hospital 3 Times, AMA
I'm only 19 and 100% ready to die, AMA
Back on the bus for another 2.5 hours. AMA.
I'm a real-life shapeshifter due to a freak accident, but it's not remotely anything like you think it is. AMA
I was sexually harassed and the school did nothing. AMA
My hs teachers said I would work at McDonald’s the rest of my life
I’m a Demi-Pansexual, Genderfluid, sack of meat and bones, human-thing. AMA
I’m a Demi-Pansexual, Genderfluid sack of meet and bones, human-thing. AMA
AMA and I will pretend to be a flat earther
I know so many weird youtube videos, I'm practically a search engine. AMA
I was one of the first Americans to see the emoji movie AMA!
I am taking my wife to Waffle House for Valentine’s Day Dinner tomorrow, AMA
I talked about depression in my job interview, AMA cuz I know I screwed that interview over when I did that
I am an African American who took a DNA test and found out that I am 11% white, AMA
AMA About Well... Anything
i’m heartbroken, ama
You can literally ask me anything .... AMA
Spent a semester in Spain. AMA
Bam!
Today I found out my boyfriend is spending Valentine's day with his wife and kids. AMA
I’m just bored so ... AMA
Somehow, I got a warning for doing 107 in a 65! Ama :)
I'm a lifeguard for an indoor waterpark, AMA!
I’m a chronic alcoholic AMA
I am a human AMA
I'm racist AMA
I don't experience romantic or sexual attraction, AMA!
im a regular person, ama
I think president donald trump is doing a fantastic job ama
I’m an a-social guy who 16 years old.
Just got fired from my job
I live with a person that works as a police chief and is wanted and searched for by hitmen/gangsters/drug sellers, etc. AMA.
I’m done with life
Coorprate travel agent here. AMA!
I am 19 and have one testicle. AMA
I'm turning 21 a week from today Ama
I (27F) sometimes orgasm in my sleep. I didn't know this was possible. It started happening during the two year period that I didn't masturbate. AMA (NSFW but mature)
I am a security guard who is currently bored at his shift. AMA
I went to the smallest private Christian school I have ever seen/heard of. Ask me anything.
I was arrested on the way to school today, AMA
Last year I was planning to commit suicide by 2020 AMA
I am a 16 year old whit dyslexia, depression, social problems, mild autism and have not felt much emotions for almost 5 years now ama
I am a 16 year old whit dyslexia, depression, social problems, mild autism and have not felt much emotions for almost 5 years now ama
I'm the white man, ama!
I don’t even know. AMA?
I’ve seen all WW2 movies AMA
I work at gamestop AMA
I am a black high school math teacher in Texas, AMA
I'm a normal 17 years old girl from méxico, but I'm bored so ask me anything
One of my favorite foods is moldy bread AMA!
I’m 15, and gonna be lonely on Valentines Day, AMA
I had a dream about a cute girl being cuffed in the same position for 2 years - AMA
Had an abortion recently. Ask me anything
I have nothing better to do on this night, so, AMA
I’m a 15 year old who never had a first kiss, AMA
I (25M) was addicted to porn for 8 years. Been clean for 4 years now. AMA
Alone on Valentine's Day [again]. AMA!
I'm a Syrian refugee living in Germany
I’m a fuckin idiot nutcase, ask me anything.
I'm gay for now, ama
I live in north Dakota/AMA
I was born about 13 years ago. Big mistake. AMA
I am diabetic AMA.
My life story, thus far, is too unbelievable to publish.
I am extremely dyslexic AMA
I live in Great Britain, AMA!
My son almost blew his brains out AMA
I run a small betta fish and land hermit crab rescue, AMA!
I used to work at Chipotle. AMA
PART 2! I’m a US citizen aboard the Diamond Princess quarantined off the coast of Yokohama, Japan. AMA!
AMA I’ve recently started making porn
My cat is an asshole sometimes but also extremely cute. AMA
I used to be a catfish as a teenager for YEARS ama.
I’m procrastinating AMA
It's Thursday, I'm drinking wine. Ask me anything
I still can’t post to r/dankmemes, AMA
I’m a pro at Pizap AMA
Did these memes disappear?
I’m probably getting another horse in May ! AMA :))
I’m currently having an allergic reaction. AMA
I just got banned from r/amiugly because I told someone who wanted to know how ugly she is. AMA - will answer truthfully and brutally honest.
i am wearing an Empathy Belly. AMA
I suffer from Chromesthesia (association between sounds and colors, only works from sounds to colors, not vice versa) AMA
I have fucking Tourette’s Syndrome douche bag AMA
AMA, then I'll try to respond in the most absurd way possible. Then, edit your question to try and make it seem normal
Join YKYZ for an AMA with Christopher Noel on 2/17 @ 4PM EST
Im bored AMA
One year ago today I was raped. AMA!
i’ve been to one of the polish shops in my city for the first time, AMA
I'm a 16 year old Asian boy with a white family growing up In a white suburban neighborhood. Ama
I live in a multi-million dollar house near the beach. AMA!
I have 11, well cared for animals, AMA
I'm a nobody with no friends. AMA!
People call me the Shakespeare of Reddit. I am one of the half dozen best writers on the internet today. You may ask your questions. AMA
I (19F) survived 2 suicide attempts, turned my life around and now have a well paid job AMA
I took a shit on my teachers desk.
I took a shit and shoved it back up my ass
I bathed in shit, ama
I am an introvert and a narcissist, AMA
AMA
Do u guys have any siblings?
My older brother had a root canal and almost died because of a doctor
I'm a gun nut AMA
it's Negative -5 Below! Ask Me Anything!
I've been writing fanfiction since I was 12 years old. AMA
I went to a mental hospital for 5 days. AMA.
Met an internet friend in person, she's from another country and it went "wrong". AMA.
I have tourette’s syndrome, AMA
I just got my Wisdom Teeth Removed Today (Within 6 Hours) - AMA
I work at Walmart, ama!
I'm a closeted gay (I'm female) with a boyfriend not knowing what to do, AMA
AMA, then edit your question so my answer seems offensive.
I am an A-grade asshole. AMA
My little brother is going through surgery later this week. AMA.
I have BPD and the person I love recently left me, AMA
Met an internet online friend from another country and it was TERRIBLE. AMA.
I have a crush on my teacher AMA
Everyone says that the best singers are Billy Eilish, Drake, BTS, but in fact, remember who went through the shit, got grem and Oscars and whoever comes back after a long absence, yes I'm talking about eminem
I'm a child life specialist &amp; pediatric mental health therapist in my countries biggest children's hospital. AMA!
I am can manipulate people AMA
I have photographic memory. AMA.
I’m Tom AMA
I’m on a 2 and 1/2 hour long bus ride. AMA.
I take high school entirely online where on-campus attendance is completely optional. AMA
I have a perfectly sensible answer for even the most ridiculous question, AMA.
I'm a dealer in one of the oldest casinos in Europe. AMA
I have an IQ of 80 AMA
I’m a dumbass AMA
I’ve attempted suicide 3 times and I’m doing better. AMA
America is a pretty cool guy and doesn't afraid of anything. AMA
Im a licensed scuba diver AMA
I got RATM tickets AMA
My mother’s born on 4/20/69 ask me anythinge
I'm a former Peace Corps Volunteer turned reality tv star who now sells weed for a living. AMA.
AMA, then edit your question so my answer seems offensive.
I'm an artist. I like to draw and create. AMA
Today is my cake day, AMA!
I‘m a German high school girl, AMA
Geeked up on 350 mg caffeine AMA
I am a gay man who decided to become a Christian and never pursue a homosexual relationship, AMA.
I’m going stare crazy through lack of human interaction. AMA
I'm a furry. AMA
Im a Pyromaniac AMA!
I am on a train to this place called auschwitz, it sounds fun but I’m bored so ask me anything you want
I have Dissociative Identity Disorder (formerly called Multiple Personallity Disorder). AMA!
I WORK IN THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY WITH MUSIC AND VIDEO AMA
I'm a 14 Male that does gymnastics. AMA.
I'm a Christian AMA!
I had geometric night trip AMA
I’m going alone today to a music festival for the first time, AMA
AMA and i will answer your question with bad grammar
I am fluent in 7 languages. AMA
Most of my family died when I was ~10, AMA :)
So I have been in Greenland for a week now, which would make it the second time I have visited it. AMA.
I have a (good) answer for everything, AMA.
It's my 24th birthday, I'm home alone and bored. AMA.
I have Asperger’s Syndrome, Attention Deficit Disorder and Antisocial Personality Disorder. In other words, I’m an Autistic Sociopath with the attention span of a lark. What do you wanna know?
I’m an ex social media drug dealer AMA
Bored at work. I work in a factory that makes copper conductors for wind turbines and the NYC subway. AMA
I am the best amateur attractiveness rater in the world. You ask for a rate and I give you one + the breed of dog you should get next
I Have A 200+ I.Q. (AMA)
Expose cheating partner (Feb 14) What is your spouse up to? AMA
I have schizophrenia (professionally diagnosed), AMA.
I Have A 200+ I.Q. (AMA)
I am a exhibitionist AMA
I am extremely depressed and I have 5 romantic dates tomorrow, AMA.
I am a Trump Supporter who supports Abortion. Ask me Anything
I have a VERY bad case of lazy eye, AMA.
I’m from the UK. AMA
Today might be my last day on earth, AMA
I will answer wrong answers only, AMA
I am an active killer AMA
I am starting a grassroots initiative that citizens in &gt; 30% tax bracket get preference on certain government services. AMA
I have 2 dads (Gay parents) AMA
I don't have a date for Valentine's day for the 6th year in a row. AMA
I'm 23 and just discovered I have Aphantasia (Blind Minds Eye), AMA
I (18f) have never been romantically or sexually attracted to anyone. AMA.
I live in the Netherlands. AMA
AMA me and I'll make your question offensive.
What are the Best Drugs to "Seduce" Women with ???
I'm the chubby kid people would make fun of in middle school ask me anything
I’m on a train, AMA
I just bought 500 Trump 2020 bumper stickers. AMA
I go to a very posh school in the UAE AMA!
I am a Tardologist. You may be retarded and not even know it. Have you ever ejaculated on your cat? Did you ever eat your own feces? Have you ever worked at McDonalds? These are signs you may be retarded. AMA
I am producing, writing, and directing a short film set in the Antebellum South, AMA!
I’m from a single parent family AMA
Ever since I was a little boy, I have wanted to rule the world. AMA.
I go to the third (formerly the first last year) best high school in the U.S. AMA!
I'm making an eroge game AMA
I am a Tardologist. You may be retarded and not even know it. Have you ever ejaculated on your cat? Did you ever eat your own feces? Have you ever worked at McDonalds? These are signs you may me retarded. AMA
I changed my appearance for 30 days to see how people would treat me differently, AMA
I’m sitting in the nurses office crying and trying not to like, AMA to keep me distracted
AMA and I’ll answer + tell you what random Star Wars character you are
I am from Faroe island you can ask me anything and i can answer you back as good as possible
I will give you quick genuine advice to your deepest problems and worries, ama.
I have two job interviews next week and suffer from crippling anxiety. AMA :)
I am normal person who has a normal life. AMA
I´m a Rescue and First Aids volunteer in Chile, country that actually is in a "Social outbreak" and i have seen a lot of hard things, Ask me anything.
Im gen Z, AMA!
I had to stop seeing my dad because he was too much of a fuckboy AMA
I was expelled from university, AMA.
Just got exposed and changed my identity AMA
I am currently hiding from the cartel AMA
I’m looking good in my school uniform, AMA
I'm a 15-year-old with depression. Not the fake, self-diagnosed depression but actual, diagnosed by a doctor kind. AMA
I have dyslexia. Ask me anything about my disorder and my life in general!
I have dyslexia. Ask me anything about my disorder my life in general!
I have a illogical fear of people who are a certain amount shorter than me. AMA
I Grew Up Heavily Sheltered, AMA
I am the one that reduced this sub to shit AMA
I have an answer for everything, AMA
Mexican here! Got any questions about Mexico? AMA.
I'm 19 years old and currently signed off with stress from my full time office job. AMA
I am a mentally challenged teen and have been through some stuff AMA
I have endometriosis and it's ruining my life! AMA
I masturbate 10-15 times a day, AMA
I had sex with my sister, AMA
I'm bored and its 1:16am at time of posting
My appeal against deportation on humanitarian grounds was declined today AMA
I am currently going to school in Beijing China
I used to be a kleptomaniac, haven't (really) stolen anything in 15 years, AMA.
I want to try human fetus.
I was raped thrice. I have photographic memory &amp; I've just turned 17 this year. AMA.
I have scoliosis, AMA
I can see Sounds, Smell, Personality, Emotions and some limbs as Colors
I can see Sounds, Pain, Smell, Personalities, Emotions, and my limbs as Colors
I am a Hentai teacher at school. AMA
My d&amp;d Session I attend has been cancelled this week and I'm addicted to this subreddit. Ama.
I have chromesthesia (I can see sounds) AMA!
AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA AMA
I'm primarily a lurker with their first cake day, AMA
My parents took away my microwave AMA.
I have 5 Valentines this year, AMA.
Last year I failed organic chemistry, this year,I not only passed, I got the highest grade possible! AMA!
I have a fetish for body smells (Olfactophilia) and body fluids. AMA
I was a civilian medic for 9 years. Now I'm a RN working as a travel nurse. I've worked all over the country. AMAA
I'm studying at medical school in Russia. Ama.
I just got pegged AMA!
I work overnights at a gas station. AMA!
I was raised in a loving, secure family with two dads. AMA
I live in Australia, AMA
I survived a suicide attempt and turned my life around, AMA
I’m the only person on reddit who doesn’t have derpression... AMA
I’m 20 and haven’t kissed anyone. AMA
I can vomit whenever I want.
I will answer any question that sounds very odd and makes zero sense. AMA.
I’m one of three from my high school class that went on to earn a college degree. I am the only one who has an advanced degree. AMA
I just finished an anime that ruined my day AMA :c
I’m at a bar mitzva service right now, AMA
I know thousands of people personally from where I live to almost every state in the US and other countries as well. Happens I’m quite bored atm. AMA?
I'm handicapped since birth AMA :)
I tried the dildo machine/fucking machine/driller , I'm 18 female.- Ask me anything
I'm 19 and 6'8", AMA
I feel like my job and the people around me are influencing me to bring bad health upon myself, so I am leaving everything behind for a few months including my wife. AMA
**stories wanted**
I work closely with an antivaxxer and I’m pregnant AMA
I was 19 years old when I found out the person I thought was my big sister my whole life is actually my mother, and I have a brother and 4 half sisters that I never knew about. AMA
I’m married to an illegal immigrant, AMA
I became the "the other woman" in my ex's new relationship AMA
I have anxiety and ocd AMA
I’m a bounty hunter and it’s 1:43 AM! AMA!!
I’m in love with my half sister. Same dad different moms. I’m a m23 and she’s 29. AMA.
I am a man who has fallen into the river in lego city, AMA!
Just wanna make freinds. AMA
My parents are going out of town for a four-day weekend. I will be alone at my house the entire time. AMA
I got electrocuted yesterday AMA
Give me a word or phrase and I'll give you a sad anime backstory. AMA.
I am a student who just finished highschool in Malaysia
I'm a 30yo woman engaged to a 62yo man. AMA!
I was in a School Lock down in Hillsborough County. AMA
I got busted stealing and was held in a citizens arrest by a 21 year old chick AMA
I’m from Mexico, ask me anything
I attend the third best (used to the best last year) high school in the United States. AMA, please!
I am from the year 1988 AMA
everytime I go to the walmarts, I leave my empty buggy in the handicapped spot ama
what theme should i change my room open too ideas ___?
I have a condition that doesn’t allow me to hear the sound of silence. AMA
I'm 28 years old, and a Globophobe (Fear of Balloons) I haven't attended a single birthday party since I was 5, and have never been on a Valentine's Day Date because of the fear. AMA.
I passed the last exam of the semester with a 6 AMA
You ask me a question (any topic). I give an answer. I also tell you what Hogwarts House you belong in. Can’t beat that deal, right?
my room
I’ve been faking my orgasms with my husband for over 10 years. AMA
I Have An I.Q. Of 200+ (Ask Me Anything)
I am a teacher...
I am a transgender man (female to male), AMA (please read caption)
I am currently dead, AMA
I started in 2014 and have 13 upvotes on my highest upvoted post.
Power is out on my entire city block and my wife are stuck at home with our two cats. AMA
Currently jamming out and drawing. AMA
I got aphantasia - I got no visual imagination - it is nuts to me that y'all can see things so clear and vividly as if it were real
Learning LGBT professional. AMA
Channel ama
If you ask me something I may or may not answer. Special prizes for those that receive a reply.
I am a 16 year old boy with autism, AMA
I'm in China right now in the midst of the coronavirus situation AMA
I am a 16 year old with autism who as emotional outbursts and can't control them, AMA
My dad almost killed me last night. AMA
I just had a horrible date that I ended prematurely. Ask me anything?
I am Michael and I am actor AMA
I have an irrational hatred of boomers, fat people and single moms ama
I was the “smelly kid” in middle school AMA
Goin to bed
I use to watch Forrest Gump everyday for 2 months. AMA
AMA and I’ll answer with puns
I am one of the close friends of a multi-billionaire’s son. AMA
AMA about the key to my asshole
ask me anything about a man that has fallen into the river in LEGO city
I'm a mixed ethnicity female sherriff's deputy. AMA
I recently lost my job at a run-down oil change shop. AMA
I was born on February 29th - AMA
I’m a dad who watched both To All the Boys I’ve Loved movies with three 14-year-old girls. AMA
i ate $1 U.S. Dollar in hopes of shitting out $100 U.S. Dollars
my dong is as big as the titanic, ama
help
I’m bored AMA
Just another person on the internet, ama
I had sex with my teacher as a teen, ama
My biggest fear is death, and I am suicidal. AMA
hi
I will give you terrible advice to all questions AMA
I am a 19 year old business owner, with the biggest breakthrough in Analytical Science as of 2020. Ask me ANYTHING.
i shoved another toilet paper roll up my ass, AMA
i’m probably going to have chronic pain my entire life - AMA
Give me a normal phrase/sentence and I'll try to give you a "deep" meaning for it. AMA
I’m addicted to touching my willy
I'm doing a Comedy show tomorrow ama
I was a child prostitute
I was going to surprise a homeless guy (who was sitting in front of the liquor store) with a beer but he was gone when I came back out, so I drank it. Ama.
I live in Canada, it’s currently -32 (Celsius). AMA.
I used to be a homophobe AMA
I’m in the British Royal Navy and am having an affair with another sailor’s wife, AMA
Is there anyone here who has been homeless before that doesn't mind answering a few questions for a survey I am trying to do?
I’m convinced the girl I’m interested in will approach me on Valentine’s Day, AMA
My school is holding the us curling nationals right now, AMA!
Hi
Trapped in my house during a whiteout blizzard
32 y/o 5'6 230 lb. broke Filipino Male, been intimate with 11 girls, AMA.
I was born 12 weeks premature AMA
Just changed out of my school uniform, AMA
i’m a very bored trans girl that’s always kinda wanted to do one of these things. ama !
AMA
Was completely shackled when I was arrested. aMA
I'm a person with DID ask me anything!
I'm trans woman that has completed "all of the surgeries". AMA
I am now a published author AMA
I just busted a nut AMA
I'm a 35 year old African American woman who is STILL a virgin. AMA.
I have misophonia and maybe some other kind of synesthesia (I see a line that creates shapes when I speak) AMA
I live in the main Yeehaw state AMA
I know Karate ,jujitsu ,kickboxing ,and korean martial arts AMA!!!
I’m going to a funeral. AMA
AMA and then edit your question to make my response extremely offensive.
I made a diss track on my cousin AMA
I am an alien visiting Earth for the first time, AMA
Dating a model popular enough to have her own subreddit, AMA
I caused a hung jury, AMA
Im a youtuber who meows, AMA!
I write smut daily AMA
I worked at McDonald’s for two years AMA
I'm 11 years old. AMA
I have mild autism AMA
The man who lives behind my house has photos of me AMA
I forget whatever happened the day after sleeping AMA.
I Just started my own Nation AMA
im autistic, former bullied victim, patient at a mental hospital, AMA About my life!
I’m writing an important essay drunk. AMA.
I’m a trans man AMA
Escaped Alternative School Religious Cult (Racism, sexism, nationalism, etc) AMA
Getting a cheap apartment in tow so I can devote all my free time to bodybuilding Ama
I’m a street racing driver, ask your cuestiona.
I am currently cross dressing as Cinderella. AMA
I was mugged on the way to a cash machine and now I’m homeless and jobless ask me anything
I have had 9 surgeries, and I’m not even old enough to vote. AMA
I do many, many things. I am a writer, a doctor, a nuclear physicist, a theoretical philosopher, but, above all, I am a man. AMA
I’m far-right AMA
I M (16) Have arthritis from playing sports AMA
I live next to a really sketchy drug dealer. AMA
Tomorrow is my 1 year anniversary of surviving a stroke, AMA!
My gf wants me to babysit her pet monkey tonight, yet it needs to be disciplined first. AMA!
I want to do a change in my life. AMA
Soaking in a bath alone AMA
I got my first McKenna shot out of 21 AMA
I lived in NYC my whole life and recently moved to suburban Las Vegas.
I am balding and theres nothing i can do about it. AMA!!!
I am a senior year English Language Teaching student in Turkey AMA
AMA/interview request:venezuelan resident
I used to be a bully, AMA
My parents made the decision to homeschool me my entire life through highschool. I'm 24 attending a State Uni in California AMA
Got out of jury duty for an assault case because I told the judge that I was sympathetic to Harvey Weinstein. AMA!
I am a teenage drug dealer ask me anything
My mother has split personality disorder
I am a rubber duck, AMA!!!
Panic attack
I am a human.AMA
I am a meat cutter AMA
I am basically a hermit and I am experimenting with metaphysics AMA
I was one of the ones affected by the new federal smoking age, AMA
Do I have everybody’s attention now? AMA
I am 11 years old, and I'm sharing this account with four other people aged 7-13. AMA
At the university all day (I commute) and I'm running on 0 hours of sleep AMA
I dated a demon. AMA
I have two moms (lesbian) ama
24M College Teacher AMA
How do I find a button for my pants?
Just broke 1000 karma! AMA!
I need more post karma then comment karma to post on the meme subreddits AmA
I can’t taste or smell. AMA
I’m Syrian. AMA
I am a 22 years old law student who has never had a meaningful relationship AMA.
Just Faked my first orgasm
I'm an independent high-end escort and also an Ivy League-educated student. AMA
I haven't sold any panties this week and it makes me sad.AMA
